
Security Check Required




FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017






Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.





















Security Check Required





FacebookJoin or Log Into Facebook   Email or PhonePasswordForgot account?Log InDo you want to join Facebook?Sign UpSign UpSecurity CheckPlease enter the text belowCan't read the text above?Try another text or an audio captchaText in the box:What's this?Security CheckThis is a standard security test that we use to prevent spammers from creating fake accounts and spamming users.SubmitEnglish (US)EspañolFrançais (France)中文(简体)العربيةPortuguês (Brasil)Italiano한국어Deutschहिन्दी日本語MessengerFacebook LitePeoplePlacesGamesLocationsCelebritiesMarketplaceGroupsRecipesMomentsInstagramAboutCreate AdCreate PageDevelopersCareersPrivacyCookiesAd ChoicesTermsSettingsActivity Log Facebook © 2017


Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  Nothing is invented, for it’s written in nature first. Antoni Gaudí, Architect    Inside Mark Zuckerberg’s Bold Plan For The Future Of Facebook











Fast CompanyNewsletterSubscribefast companyhomepagetechnologyleadershipentertainmentideasvideonewsco.Designhomepagecitiesgraphicsinnovation by designinteractiveproductspacescollectionsThe Most Innovative CompaniesThe top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more.Most Creative PeopleMeet this year's inspiring leaders.Innovation By DesignA showcase for ingenious design solutions.Future of PhilanthropyInside The Changing World Of GivingWorld Changing IdeasNew workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system.Work SmartThe apps, tips, tactics, and brain hacks to help you work smarter instead of harder.FastCo.Works StudioAn award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers who tell brand stories through Fast Company’s distinctive lens.Current IssueCurrent IssueSUBSCRIBEFollow us:advertisementadvertisement11.16.15 behind the brandInside Mark Zuckerberg’s Bold Plan For The Future Of FacebookFacebook is firing on all cylinders. Now Mark Zuckerberg is looking to the decade ahead, from AI to VR to drones.
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg
By Harry McCrackenlong Read“Mark is fixing stuff.”advertisementI’m killing time in the Frank Gehry–designed Building 20, whose signature feature is its soaring 434,000 square feet of open space, the latest addition to Facebook’s campus in Menlo Park, California. A PR handler is explaining why CEO Mark Zuckerberg is running slightly behind schedule for our chat. I express surprise. Mark still fixes stuff?“To say he’s actively involved,” she confides, “is an understatement. He notices things that are broken before anybody.”As recently as 2012, the year Zuckerberg set a personal goal to code every day, that might have meant he had detected something glitchy on Facebook’s site and was reprogramming it himself. When he emerges a few minutes later, unspecified stuff presumably fixed, we sit down on adjacent couches in a fishbowl conference room near his desk in Building 20, and Zuckerberg makes it clear that those days are gone. “If we’re trying to build a world-class News Feed, and a world-class messaging product, and a world-class search product, and a world-class ad system, and invent virtual reality, and build drones, I can’t write every line of code,” he tells me. “I can’t write any lines of code.”The Facebook of today—and tomorrow—is far more expansive than it was just a few years ago. It’s easy to forget that when the company filed to go public on February 1, 2012, it was just a single website and an app that the experts weren’t sure could ever be profitable. Now, “a billion and a half people use the main, core Facebook service, and that’s growing. But 900 million people use WhatsApp, and that’s an important part of the whole ecosystem now,” Zuckerberg says. “Four hundred million people use Instagram, 700 million people use Messen­ger, and 700 million people use Groups. Increasingly, we’re just going to go more and more in this direction.”To further grow these services and any others that Facebook develops or acquires, Zuckerberg is betting his company’s future on three major technology initiatives. One is developing advanced artificial intelligence that can help Facebook understand what matters to users. The second is virtual reality, in the form of Oculus VR, the groundbreaking company that Facebook acquired in March 2014 for $2 billion, which Zuckerberg believes will be the next major technology we use to interact with each other. And the third is bringing the Internet, including Facebook, of course, to the 4 billion–plus humans who aren’t yet connected, even if it requires flying a drone over a village and beaming data down via laser. Given the robust health of Facebook’s business, Zuckerberg is comfortable lavishing attention and resources on these visions. Facebook gave Fast Company wide-ranging access to Zuckerberg, his senior leadership team, and others to delve into the company’s audacious plans to shape the next decade.

How Zuck Uses Facebook
Mark Zuckerberg has been using his own creation longer than anyone. Today, his posts give insight into his interests and activities—and no matter the subject, Facebook’s mission of making the world more open and connected always seems to be top of mind.



He’s Statesmanlike
140,140 likes
If you see a photo of Zuckerberg in a suit and tie, the odds are high that he’s meeting with an international dignitary. In September, he hosted Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi for a town-hall forum on Facebook’s campus. Modi endorsed the power of social media to keep government accountable.





He’s Human
1,767,632 likes
On July 31, Zuckerberg posted that his wife, Priscilla Chan, was expecting a baby girl after three miscarriages: “You feel so hopeful when you learn you’re going to have a child. You start imagining who they’ll become and dreaming of hopes for their future. You start making plans, and then they’re gone.”




Click to expand

He Takes Stances
291,731 likes
When the U.S. Supreme Court legalized same-sex marriage, Zuckerberg posted a graphic showing the growth in Facebook LGBT groups since 2008. “Our country was founded on the promise that all people are created equal, and today we took another step toward achieving that promise.”





He Celebrates Success
60,997 likes
“Our community reached a nice milestone today,” Zuckerberg wrote in February. More than 2 million small businesses were buying ads on Facebook—which he said was good for those companies, their customers, and the economy. Left unstated: It’s also very good for Facebook.





He’s Playful
991,333 likes
In April, Zuckerberg donned sunglasses to pose with action star Vin Diesel, who dropped by Facebook to talk about what it’s like to have 87 million followers. He was stoked—“I’m looking forward to seeing Fast & Furious 7 tonight!”—and noted that Diesel writes all his own Facebook posts.

In the tech industry, there’s nothing weird about setting goals so lofty that they sound unachievable. Google CEO Larry Page, for instance, is so invested in the virtue of gambling on disparate, wildly ambitious projects—from self-driving cars to smart contact lenses—that he restructured his company around the concept in August, making Google’s core businesses a division of a new idea factory called Alphabet. Zuckerberg, by contrast, isn’t interested in doing everything—just the things he views as deeply related to his company’s central vision, and crucial to it. “There are different ways to do innovation,” he says, drawing a stark contrast without ever mentioning Page, Google, or Alphabet. “You can plant a lot of seeds, not be committed to any particular one of them, but just see what grows. And this really isn’t how we’ve approached this. We go mission-first, then focus on the pieces we need and go deep on them, and be committed to them.” Facebook’s mission is “to give everyone in the world the power to share and make the world more open and connected,” as Zuckerberg says, explaining that he is now spending a third of his time overseeing these future initiatives. “These things can’t fail. We need to get them to work in order to achieve the mission.”advertisementWhen Facebook was morphing from Ivy League college project to Silicon Valley startup, Zuckerberg had not only “never run a company—he’d never been in a company,” marvels Marc Andreessen, the browser pioneer, venture capitalist, Facebook board member, and longtime Zuckerberg confidant. “He’s learned everything he knows about business in the last 10 years. And now he’s one of the best CEOs in the world.”Whether because Zuckerberg, 31, started so young, or because he retains his youthful demeanor and gray-T-shirt work uniform, he has been underestimated for almost as long as his company has existed. Facebook wouldn’t work outside Harvard. It wouldn’t work outside elite colleges. It wouldn’t work among the general populace. It couldn’t topple MySpace. It couldn’t make enough money to justify its valuation. It couldn’t hold on to teenagers once their parents signed up. It wouldn’t matter as much on smartphones as it had on PCs. It couldn’t make enough money on mobile to satisfy Wall Street.Zuckerberg and his team have overcome every doubt. Nine out of ten of the 1.55 billion people a month who use Facebook access it on a mobile device at least part of the time, and more than three-quarters of its $4.3 billion in advertising revenue in the third quarter of 2015 came from mobile users. The company runs four of the six largest social platforms in the world (all but Google’s YouTube and Tencent’s WeChat) and is wildly profitable. Three years ago, when the company revealed that 1 billion people logged in to the service in one month, the news was astounding. Last August, 1 billion people used Facebook on a single Monday, and it felt inevitable.When I ask people close to Zuckerberg how, exactly, he has pulled off these achievements, I don’t hear a lot of anecdotes about him swooping in and personally making genius-level decisions that suddenly changed everything. Instead, they praise his inquisitiveness, persistence, ability to deploy resources, and devotion to improving Facebook and himself. He has a knack for carving up grand plans into small, doable victories. “Most of our conversation was about long-term strategy, and then we’d backtrack from there to what we should do over the next month,” says Bret Taylor, who worked as Facebook’s CTO from 2009 to 2012 and who was at the company when it corrected course after a famously bumpy first attempt at putting the service on smartphones. “It’s one of the main reasons why Facebook is where it is today.”Zuckerberg “is a total inspiration in how much he cares about his work and in how hard he works,” says Chris Cox, who dropped out of a Stanford graduate program in 2005 to join the company as a software engineer and is now chief product officer—and is so integral to its culture that he still speaks with every new employee as part of his or her orientation. “For all of us who work with him, it’s like, Man, he is so good at improving.”Sue Desmond-Hellmann is a Facebook board member and CEO of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, which puts her in close proximity to two prodigies who quit Harvard to seek fortunes out west. Both Zuckerberg and Bill Gates, she says, “have this sense of relentlessness. ‘Why can’t that happen? Why can’t we accomplish this?’ It can be fun to be around that. It can also be like, ‘Oh. My. God.’ ”advertisementWhen I meet with COO Sheryl Sandberg, she shares a personal story of a family gathering involving the making of s’mores. It captures several of Zuckerberg’s preternatural gifts. “Mark said, ‘I’m going to make a marshmallow,’ ” she tells me in her conference room, which is adorned with a framed drawing of her as Spider-Woman. “I looked at my friend and said, ‘He’s going to make the perfect marshmallow.’ Because he’s going to be the one out of all of us who is going to have the patience. In order to make the right marshmallow, you can’t do it right in the fire, because then it gets burnt. You can’t walk away. You actually have to sit there for five to 10 minutes with the marshmallow above the flame, but not too close, so that it gets completely heated but doesn’t burn. And the only person who’s actually willing to do that is Mark. Because he is that focused and that determined. I’ve never met anyone with more perseverance than Mark Zuckerberg.”In hindsight, there were two particular moments that have put Facebook in the enviable position of being able to pursue its most audacious dreams. The first was a recruiting spree back in 2007–2008, when the company concluded that it needed more players with serious Silicon Valley experience. A significant percentage of the current leadership joined during this time, including Sandberg, who came from Google to be the principal architect of the business. From Mozilla, the Firefox browser purveyor, Zuckerberg hired Mike Schroepfer—known universally as Schrep—who ultimately replaced Taylor as CTO.“The amount of trust and bandwidth that you build up working with someone for five, seven, 10 years? It’s just awesome,” says Zuckerberg. “I care about openness and connectedness in a global sense. [Sandberg] has the emotional warmth and ability to connect with people that allows us to live that mission inside the company. She’s even better than people think she is.” As for Schrep, “he’s just extraordinary at the patience and composure you need for managing long-term projects.” “One of our goals,” Zuckerberg says, “is to get better than human level at all of the primary senses.”Zuckerberg, unlike many of his rivals, has been able to keep his leadership team stable. Their cohesiveness led to the second key moment: the Instagram acquisition and its subsequent success.advertisementWhen Facebook announced that it was buying the photo-sharing juggernaut in April 2012, less than six weeks before its IPO, a flurry of articles followed with titles such as “Five Ways Facebook Will Ruin In­stagram.” Instead, the deal became a model for how businesses in Facebook’s portfolio get managed. Zuckerberg left cofounders Kevin Systrom and Mike Krieger in charge, encouraged them to preserve their own culture, and gave them access to tools—from Facebook’s recruiting team to its spam-fighting technologies—that helped them get where they were planning to go anyway, only faster.





Advertisement


“Schrep and I work day-to-day, operationally, on how we build our team, where we hire from, organizational stuff,” says Systrom, Instagram’s lanky, bearded CEO. “Mark and I work most closely on product. And Sheryl and I work most closely on advertising and strategic issues around policy. Imagine getting to have Mark, Sheryl, and Schrep on your board. Many companies in the Valley would kill to have that. And we get it by default, which is pretty sweet.” Instagram’s user base tripled in the 10 months after the acquisition announcement, to 100 million monthly users, then doubled in the next 13 months. (It now boasts 400 million users.)

Naomi Gleit VP, product, social good: “We are taking a data-driven, product-driven approach to doing good in the world. You’re interested in certain causes, and you’re also interested in the causes that your friends are interested in, so we’re trying to take a social angle.”
The lessons Facebook learned from the deal may have been as valuable as Instagram’s revenue potential. It began pursuing major acquisitions more aggressively—it acquired WhatsApp and Oculus in early 2014—and then found itself looking at its own services with fresh eyes. Zuckerberg hired PayPal president David Marcus to run its chat product, Messenger, and decided to remove it from Facebook’s smartphone version, forcing users to download a stand-alone app. “We were all incredibly uncomfortable with that,” says a former Facebook employee who was present when Zuckerberg explained his rationale. “But he had thought it through carefully, the core use cases and the competitive situation.” A little over a year later, Messenger’s active user base more than tripled.Splitting Messenger off from Facebook let Marcus begin to build his own business model, one akin to China’s messaging behemoth WeChat. Messenger has its own app store, with partners such as ESPN offering animated GIFs, and a feature that allows companies (including e-commerce retailers Everlane and Zulily) to conduct customer service—from delivery tracking to returns—within Messenger. “We’re not in a rush,” says Marcus. “But over time, we can build a really good business out of these interactions.”Three thousand miles away from Facebook’s Menlo Park headquar­ters, in an office building in New York’s Noho neighborhood that was once a Wanamaker department store, a researcher named Rob Fergus is showing me software designed to identify objects in a video stream. Computers have long struggled to learn what’s happening in video, which contains so much more data than text or a still photo. He points a webcam that’s attached to a laptop running his program at a remote control. The software, which is so computationally intensive that it causes the cooling fans inside his laptop to kick in at a full, ear-piercing blast, thinks the remote is a turtle. He focuses the camera on a computer mouse. Once again, it thinks it’s spotted a turtle. Only occasionally does it correctly identify an item.

Up And To The Right
Facebook’s growth machine is what gives the company its currency to pursue AI, VR, and connectivity.



Facebook Monthly Active Users/Population
U.S. and Canada: 213 M out of 365 M
Europe: 311 M out of 738 M
Asia-Pacific: 496 M out of 4.3 B
Rest of the world: 471 M out of 1.7 B
Revenue in 2015 Q2
U.S. and Canada: $1,826 M
Europe: $987 M
Asia-Pacific: $605 M
Rest of the world: $409 M
Time Spent Monthly By U.S. 18- to 34-Year-Olds
Facebook: 25.7 hours
Instagram: 7 hours
Snapchat: 5.9 hours
Tumblr: 5.7 hours
Twitter: 3.5 hours

Sources: Facebook 2015 Q2 Earnings Report; comScore 2015 U.S. Mobile App Report


Fergus looks sheepish. But the point of the demonstration isn’t to prove that Facebook is ready to roll out this AI feature, just that they’re working on it.advertisementIf you’ve ever felt like your Facebook News Feed is filled with people you don’t care about sharing thoughts you didn’t particularly want to hear, you’ll appreciate why Facebook is pushing to further the art of artificial intelligence. In its current form, the social network is still far better at collecting vast amounts of data than understanding what that data means. Advanced AI could help emphasize the stuff that’s truly relevant to you, keeping you on the service longer and boosting your attractiveness as a subject for targeted advertising. “Facebook is working to be at the center of the world of AI because it will affect Instagram, WhatsApp, and Messenger,” says Systrom. “It’s broadly applicable to all social products.”Facebook has dabbled in AI for years. In 2010, for example, it introduced facial-recognition technology to identify people in photos. In late 2013, though, Zuckerberg came to believe that AI—which he calls “one of the hardest engineering challenges of our time”—was central to the company’s future and decided to establish a lab devoted to it. He began courting Yann LeCun, a New York University faculty member and world-class expert in deep learning, to run it. Unlike the archetypal young turk Facebook employee, the 55-year-old, Paris-born LeCun is an éminence grise of his craft, with decades of experience studying machine vision, pattern recognition, and other technologies with the potential to make the social network smarter.LeCun, however, was disinclined to leave academia or New York. When Zuckerberg thinks Facebook needs something, though, he refuses to treat obstacles as obstacles. He offered to let LeCun set up Facebook AI Research’s headquarters in Manhattan and retain his professorship on the side. LeCun came aboard. Problem solved.Because Zuckerberg would not be able to interact with LeCun in person on a daily basis, he had the AI researchers who did work at Facebook’s main campus sit near him so he could learn from them. “When we moved to the new building, we ended up being separated from Zuck by about 10 yards,” LeCun chuckles. “He said, ‘No, this is too far, move closer.’ ” And so they did. (This is a signature move that Zuckerberg uses to absorb new material; when the team prepared Facebook’s Timeline feature in 2011, he placed key design talent near his desk, and he seated Systrom near him after the Instagram acquisition.)The mandate for the 50-person AI team is also vintage Zuckerberg: Aim ridiculously high, and focus on where you want to go over the long term. “One of our goals for the next five to 10 years,” Zuckerberg tells me, “is to basically get better than human level at all of the primary human senses: vision, hearing, language, general cognition. Taste and smell, we’re not that worried about,” he deadpans. “For now.”In part, the AI effort is an attempt to prepare Facebook for an era in which devices from wristwatches to cars will be connected, and the density of incoming information which the service will have to deal with will grow exponentially. “There’s just going to be a lot more data generated about what’s happening in the world, and the conventional models and systems that we have today won’t scale,” says Jay Parikh, the company’s VP of engineering. “If there’s 10x or 20x or 50x more things happening around you in the world, then you’re going to need these really, really intelligent systems like what Yann and his team are building.”advertisementBut Fergus and his fellow researchers have the freedom to start small rather than think immediately of the massive data problems posed by services with several hundred million users or more. Antoine Bordes, who relocated from a French university to join the New York team (though there’s now a Paris branch because the city is also a hotbed of AI talent), is teaching a computer concepts such as “John is in the playground” and “John picked up the football” in order to help it learn to answer queries such as “Where is the football?” Everything draws on a vocabulary of just 50 words, a purposefully dinky number chosen so that researchers can tell exactly what’s going on. “This is not big data,” says Bordes, who is wearing a T-shirt depicting a robot boxing a dinosaur. “This is supersmall data.”“I joke that the lab has paid for itself over the next five years with work they’ve already done,” says Schroepfer.





Advertisement


LeCun has given Facebook a lab with a strong universitylike feel. Rather than having to make sure their work lines up with Facebook’s product plans, researchers—many of them fellow academics—can pursue their passions while a separate group, Applied Machine Learning, is 
responsible for figuring out how to turn the lab’s breakthroughs into features. “The senior research scientists, you don’t tell them what to work on,” LeCun says. “They tell you what’s interesting.”Technologies incubated by LeCun and his team are already popping up in Facebook products such as Moments, a new app that scours your phone’s camera roll for snapshots of friends, then lets you share those photos with those people. “Most researchers do care about their stuff having practical relevance,” says Fergus, who is technically still on leave from NYU, where he worked alongside LeCun. “In academia, a great outcome is you publish a paper that people seem to like at a conference.”LeCun’s work is directly affecting Facebook’s bottom line, in the form of better spam-prevention tools and software to verify that ads are up to company standards, a task that was once a labor-intensive manual process. “I joke that the lab has paid for itself over the next five years with work they’ve already done,” says Schroepfer.advertisementPalmer Luckey and I are flapping our arms in adjoining isolation-booth-like rooms in Oculus’s quarters in Building 18 on Facebook’s campus. In the virtual-reality world we’re sharing, though, Luckey, the endearing 23-year-old wunderkind who founded Oculus VR in his parents’ garage in 2011, has transmogrified himself into a hovering, cartoony head and hands, and we’re playing antigravity Ping-Pong. Next, we set off fireworks together and he shoots me with a zap gun, which instantly shrinks me to the size of a gnat as he towers above me.A few days later, when I meet with Zuckerberg for our first conversation, he’s eager to talk about Oculus Ping-Pong even before I begin asking him questions. As he delineates the pleasures that user-adjustable physics bring to table tennis, his expression takes on some of the same goofy glee I’d experienced. (Zuckerberg, a gamer himself, is a devotee of Civilization, a venerable game series that Oculus CEO Brendan Iribe worked on in a previous life. The goal of the original 1991 version of Civ—“build an empire to stand the test of time”—neatly encapsulates its appeal to the Zuckerbergian brain.)

Mike Schroepfer, CTO: “I have one hand in the day-to-day and one hand in the future. It’s a little bit crazy-making at times, but it’s important that our core business continues to do well. Because that is what allows us to aggressively invest in these longer-term things.”
Anyone who’s had his or her mind blown by a few minutes of Oculus time in a 3-D, 360-degree world can appreciate why Zuckerberg is grinning. But if Oculus was only about games, it wouldn’t be an obvious fit for his mission-first vision of Facebook’s future. His interest in VR dates back to his experience with, of all things, phones. When the modern smartphone was being born—Apple’s iPhone debuted in 2007 and Google’s Android in 2008—Facebook was a red-hot startup, but there was no way it could have written its own mobile platform from scratch, let alone persuaded the rest of the industry to adopt it. By 2013, when it had a bit more clout, Facebook created Home, which slathered a Facebook-based veneer on top of Android. The notable flop reinforced the limitations of building on someone else’s operating system. “One of my big regrets,” Zuckerberg says wistfully, “is that Facebook hasn’t had a major chance to shape the mobile operating system ecosystem.” (The company has done okay on smartphones: Multiple studies show that Facebook captures more of users’ mobile time than any other service.)Oculus, then, represents two big bets in one: that VR will be the next major computing platform, supplanting phones the same way that handheld devices usurped desktops—and that human nature won’t change. “If you look at how people spend time on all computing platforms, whether it’s phones or desktops before that, about 40% is spent on some kind of communications and media,” Zuckerberg says. “Over the long term, when [Oculus] becomes a more mature platform, I would bet that it’s going to be that same 40% of the time spent doing social interactions and things like that. And that’s what we know. That’s what we can do.” Already, Oculus helped out with Facebook’s new 360-degree video feature that debuted last September.Before Zuckerberg’s vision can be realized, Oculus needs to start shipping its Rift headsets. The Facebook acquisition didn’t change the company’s near-term goal, which is to offer a version of Rift aimed at hard-core gamers. The closest Iribe has gotten to disclosing how much the headset will cost is saying that the all-in investment, including a PC, will be about $1,500. That includes an Xbox One gamepad, provided through a surprise deal with Microsoft. The Oculus Touch hand controllers, which are as much of a revelation as the headset and necessary for tasks such as wielding a Ping-Pong paddle, will cost extra and arrive later.Oculus might have prospered as an independent company; among other accomplishments, it had already scored the most spectacular hiring coup imaginable by signing on legendary game programmer John Carmack (who helped create the landmark first-person shooter Doom) as its CTO. But like Instagram, it has benefited from Facebook ownership. “We have supercharged recruiting,” says Iribe when I chat with him moments after the June media event in San Francisco, where he showed off the Oculus Touch controllers for the first time. “We were 60 or 70 people when we got acquired. And we’re 360-plus today. It’s just incredible how fast we’ve been able to grow.”advertisementOculus has also taken full advantage of Zuckerberg’s penchant for strategic acquisitions. “We come to him and say, ‘Hey, there’s this brilliant group of computer-vision scientists, and if they were here and working on this feature, it might be able to land in the next product or a product in two generations,’ ” says Iribe, who has quietly snapped up five small companies since Oculus officially became part of Facebook in July 2014. “And he’s like, ‘Okay, let’s go do this.’ ”As usual with a new venture, Zuckerberg is taking an uncommonly patient approach to making money from Oculus. “Over the long term, we need to make sure it’s sustainable,” he says. “But sustainable could mean selling it at break-even and having a business around software or some other part of the platform, which is actually something that we’re much better attuned to.”For Facebook, judging Oculus based on its potential is second nature. “We’ve got a five- to 10-year R&D road map for Oculus that’s very clear about what problems we need to go take down and how we’re going to do it,” Schroepfer tells me. “And so we’re just going to build better and better sensors and hardware and software that’s going to allow you to do more and more and that’s going to create these amazing experiences.”

Lori Goler VP, People: “People here want their work to matter and their contribution to matter. And they want to work with an amazing team of people who challenge them every day. They actually say, ‘I don’t ever want to be the smartest person in the room.’”
Not everyone is as convinced of Zuckerberg’s VR dreams. Wall Street, for one, is having trouble peering quite so far ahead. “I worry a bit about expectations,” says Colin Sebastian, senior analyst at Robert W. Baird. “Consumers have dreams of seamlessly entering these interactive environments and interacting with friends. The tech is early and the virtual environments are very basic.” And the competition is intense. Sony and HTC also have VR headsets coming out next year. Then there’s Google, with its Cardboard viewer that offers VR using just a smartphone and a paper case for as little as $15. Cardboard is nowhere near as compelling as Oculus, but it’s cheap, approachable, and available right now.Zuckerberg has bigger ideas in mind for what Oculus could become. When he discusses the company, he consistently refers to “VR and AR,” the latter being augmented reality, the technology that layers virtual objects into the real world. (Imagine a fictional character appearing in front of you to interact with you in your home.) AR underpins Microsoft’s forthcoming HoloLens product as well as the stealthy, much-buzzed-about Magic Leap. In October, both Zuckerberg and Iribe confirmed publicly that Oculus is indeed working on augmented reality. If Oculus can squeeze its technology into something that looks more like a pair of glasses and lets you see the real world as well as the virtual one, “it could be the last electronics device that a lot of people need to buy,” Zuckerberg muses. And this time around, Facebook would be the company selling it.advertisement“If you’re the average connected Facebook user in the U.S., you spend a dollar a day implicitly on data,” Sandberg explains.Facebook has succeeded because it has continuously found a way to scale—its service, its business, and its ambitions. “The Facebook of today is in so many ways exactly like the Facebook of 2008,” says VP of people Lori Goler, who joined the company that year, when it had a mere 80 million users and less than one-twentieth its current head count. “The culture is the same. The values are the same. Mark’s tremendous vision, intellect, learning mind-set—all of that is the same. What’s changed is we have a lot more resources now in terms of the business growing and the number of people we have to help us move the world forward.”With the company now reaching almost 1.5 billion people, Zuckerberg can raise that last part—moving the world forward—to a new level. In August 2014, he appointed product VP Naomi Gleit, one of the company’s longest-serving employees (she joined in 2005), to manage dozens of staffers dedicated exclusively to implementing functionality that helps Facebook members do good. A donation tool, launched last year, allows users to respond to disasters by giving money, a task that—Facebook being Facebook—it sees as an engineering problem that should be attacked through continuous iteration. “I geek out on this, but with the Ebola campaign we asked users to select a donation amount,” explains Gleit. “We also asked them to pick a specific charity that they wanted to donate to.” This proved confusing to users and did not produce as much giving as Facebook hoped. “With the Nepal campaign we reduced it from five steps to two,” Gleit says. “We had a preselected donation amount, and we chose multiple charities and then distributed among them equally.”





Advertisement


Tools like this “maybe only can happen on Facebook, or can happen uniquely well on Facebook,” says Zuckerberg (who, along with his wife, Priscilla Chan, a pediatrician, has given $1.6 billion to various causes). “I think about the organ-donation listing work that we did. The Safety Check stuff that we’ve done, where 150 million people were notified of their friends being safe in the [Nepal] earthquake. You can only do that if you’ve mapped out what people’s relationships are, and you have a sense of where people are in the world, and you have a tool that they’re checking every day.” He’s right: Facebook can indeed do things no other company can.But it can’t do anything for people who remain disconnected from the digital world. “If we really want to connect everyone in the world and give everyone the ability to have a voice and share what they want with the people around them, then you can’t just build the biggest Internet service,” Zuckerberg says. “You also have to help grow the Internet.” In 2013, Facebook enlisted Nokia, Qualcomm, Samsung, and other tech giants to help it found Internet.org, the global-connectivity initiative dedicated to bringing the Internet to the 60% of people worldwide who aren’t yet online.The effort is a hybrid of short-term altruism and long-term capitalism. “The fundamental connectivity problem is a financial one,” Sandberg explains. “For 90% of the people, it’s cost. The World Bank puts absolute poverty at about $1.25 a day. One in six people live under that. If you’re the average connected Facebook user in the U.S., you spend a dollar a day implicitly on data. So the business models have to change, and the cost needs to go down. And that’s what we’re trying to do.”advertisement“It’s not lost on our businesses that as economic standings improve, there will be opportunities, but that’s not the initial goal,” adds Matt Grob, CTO of Qualcomm. “We’ve seen throughout the world that when you provide improved connectivity, people are more able to educate their children and participate in political and government activities and sell their wares or find jobs.”Internet.org’s first effort—an app offering free access to Facebook, news, search, job listings, and other services—is live in India, Indonesia, Pakistan, the Philippines, South Africa, and 24 other countries. Facebook has deployed it in collaboration with local wireless carriers, and 15 million people are using it. But the app has received pushback on multiple grounds, particularly for offering only certain curated services rather than the full, unbridled Internet—a violation, critics say, of net neutrality principles.The debate has been particularly heated in India: Investor Mahesh Murthy charged that giving poor people free access to a sliver of the web amounted to “economic racism,” and several major media companies that had joined the effort pulled out.

Yael Maguire director, Connectivity Lab: “Our focus is technologies that can advance the state of the art by at least an order of magnitude. We don’t want to make something better by a factor of two or three, because the rest of the industry is going to do that.”Photo: Christophe Wu/Facebook
For Facebook, releasing something, gauging reaction, and then tweaking as necessary is not only normal but also a badge of honor—after all, one of the company’s guiding principles is “Done is better than perfect.” When I ask Zuckerberg about the controversy, he says, “Internet.org is working. We’ve learned a lot from our efforts already. We’ve listened to a lot of feedback from people in the communities we’re connecting and have responded by making significant changes to the program.” Among other adjustments, it’s made the app more secure and private and now lets any third-party service submit itself for inclusion, subject to technical restrictions. Given time, the company might get the Internet.org app to a place that’s relatively uncontroversial. Even now, it has its allies. “I firmly believe that at this point, some Internet is better than no Internet,” says Helani Galpaya, CEO of LIRNEasia, a communications think tank based in Colombo, Sri Lanka.For the places on earth where there’s currently no Internet, Facebook and Internet.org are tackling that issue too. In terms of land area, explains Yael Maguire, director of Facebook’s Connectivity Lab, “there’s only 10% of the world that is not able to connect if they pulled out a phone. The focus for this lab, going back to the mission of the company, is to figure out how we can connect the last 10%.”Talking with Maguire, you quickly see why Zuckerberg entrusted him with this challenge: The way he rattles off stats and facts and calmly deconstructs goals that sound nearly impossible is reminiscent of his boss’s own manner. Facebook opened the Connectivity Lab in March 2014, and Maguire and his team have concluded that the answer to their challenge is a drone—although Maguire prefers the less-politicized (though not exactly catchy) term HAPI Link, which is short for high-altitude platform Internet link. By charging an unmanned aerial vehicle’s battery via solar power and flying it at 60,000 to 90,000 feet, above weather and conventional aircraft, the company believes it could efficiently send high-speed Internet access down to where it is needed via laser.advertisementFacebook began the project with more hardware engineering experience than you might imagine. It started accumulating this more than a half-decade ago, when execs decided that the best way to deliver Facebook reliably and efficiently to hundreds of millions of people was to construct its own data centers and fill them with its own servers. That path led to the Open Compute Project, Maguire’s purview at Facebook prior to the Connectivity Lab, which created power-efficient, easy-to-repair servers that the company could install by the thousands in data centers located everywhere from Prine­ville, Oregon, to Luleå, Sweden. Rather than treat its designs as proprietary, Facebook shared them with the rest of the industry via a not-for-profit that grew to include support from Apple, Dell, HP, Intel, and Microsoft, among others.“When I joined, we didn’t have mechanical engineers,” says Open Compute Project Foundation board member Frank Frankovsky, who headed hardware design for Facebook’s servers before leaving in 2014 to cofound a storage startup. “We hired some of the best in the world. And guess what? Drones need mechanical engineers, too.”The company acquired instant expertise in unmanned aeronautics in March 2014 by plunking down $20 million for Ascenta, a U.K.–based startup founded by Andrew Cox, whose previous efforts included a military drone that set a world record by staying aloft for almost two weeks.advertisementadvertisementAs in the past, hearing Mark Zuckerberg explain his vision proved to be a powerful recruiting tool. “I personally called up the guy who’s leading our laser-communications effort, who was working at [NASA’s] Jet Propulsion Laboratory,” he recalls. “And he said, ‘What? Why are you calling me?’ And I said, ‘Because we’re connecting the world, and I want you to come in and meet the team, and this is something that’s really important to me, and I think we can make a big difference.’ ” Even in the retelling, Zuckerberg makes it sound urgent.advertisement





Advertisement


Fourteen months after the Ascenta acquisition, Facebook announced that it had a full-scale prototype, dubbed Aquila and crafted from ultralightweight carbon fiber. An empty next-generation Boeing 737-600 airliner weighs upwards of 80,000 pounds and has a 113-foot wingspan; Aquila has a 138-foot wingspan, yet weighs only 880 pounds. The company plans to begin test flights by the end of 2015. Once the planes are manufactured, Facebook plans to partner with local telcos to deploy them.For all the quick progress the Connectivity Lab has made, much remains to be done. It’s still developing the battery technology necessary to keep the drone in the air for three months, the company’s goal. And though it’s figured out how to use lasers to transmit data at blistering speeds in the tens of gigabits per second, thanks to technology borrowed from Facebook’s data centers, it is still ironing out the details of drone-to-ground communication.Then there are the FAA regulations, which require that every drone have a dedicated pilot on the ground controlling it, a restriction that Maguire says would make Aquila economically unworkable (the same is true of Google’s Project Loon Internet balloons; the two fierce competitors are collaborating to work through some of the policy implications). The solution? Computer science. “We need good machine-learning algorithms and control algorithms,” Maguire says, “to make it so that you have 1,000 planes per pilot or . . . I don’t know what the number is, but somewhere between 25 and 1,000.”

Zuckerberg on Facebook: “Very few people thought it was going to be a good business early on, which is why almost no one else tried to do it.”
Zuckerberg, who personally researched and wrote a meaty, unsigned Facebook white paper on the state of connectivity, is, as usual, unfazed. And with 54% of the voting power of Facebook stock in his control, bouncing ideas off his board of directors is as close as he ever gets to seeking permission for his plans. “The myth is that Mark makes decisions and informs the board,” says director Andreessen. “The reality is that we have very detailed discussions.”




As Zuckerberg recalls, the board asked him, “ ‘You’re going to spend how many billions of dollars on this? And how is this going to make money?’ And I said, ‘Well, I don’t have a direct plan now, but I just believe that if we connect these folks it will be good. And it will help those economies grow. And those people have better lives. And I think some portion of that will come back to us over some period of time.’ ”Zuckerberg has earned the right to trust his gut. “At the beginning of Facebook, I didn’t have an idea of how this was going to be a good business,” he tells me. “I just thought it was a good thing to do.” He pauses. “Very few people thought it was going to be a good business early on, which is why almost no one else tried to do it.”Today, everyone understands: Not worrying about whether Facebook was a good business turned out to be a great way to do business. Zuckerberg has recalibrated his ambitions accordingly. As Andreessen tells me, “This is a guy who’s 31. He’s got a 40- or 50-year runway. I don’t even know if there’s a precedent.”Related: How does Mark Zuckerberg generate innovation?

[Photos: Pari Dukovic]advertisementRelated StoriesIdeasCRISPR Pioneer Jennifer Doudna On Gene Editing’s Potential For Good And EvilIdeasThe Ethics Of CRISPRMagazineThe CEO Of Flywheel Sports Wants You To Celebrate Your FailuresadvertisementVideoIdeasIdeasNight Out For Safety and Liberation Asks How To Go Beyond Policing To Keep Communities SafeIdeasThis App Lets You Request Mental Health Help For A Homeless Person In DistressIdeasHow Sweden Is Fast Tracking Refugees Into The WorkforceEntertainmentEntertainmentNew Absolut Campaign Celebrates The Ongoing Fight For LGBTQ RightsEntertainment7 Times Obama’s Official Photographer Was Trump’s Classiest TrollEntertainment“Stranger Things 2” Thriller, Gucci Goes Trekkie: The Top 5 Ads Of The WeekCo.DesignCitiesThis Woman’s Travel Photos Are Better Than Yours — And She Never Leaves The HouseProductThis Airbnb For Great Architecture Is Curated By Two ArchitectsGraphicsThis Photo Captures Every Color In A Single Twinkling StarFast CompanyIdeasNight Out For Safety and Liberation Asks How To Go Beyond Policing To Keep Communities SafeIdeasThis App Lets You Request Mental Health Help For A Homeless Person In DistressTechnologyInside The ICO Bubble: Why Initial Coin Offerings Have Raised More Than $1 Billion Since January










Mark Zuckerberg 'presidential' trip to all states is action by product-focused CEO - Business Insider






































 





 




































































































Tech Insider























BI Intelligence
Events


 


















                                Trending                            



                                Tech Insider                            



                                Finance                            



                                Politics                            



                                Strategy                            



                                Life                            



                                Sports                            



                                Video                            



                                All                            






















 







×








From





To





 











          You have successfully emailed the post.
        







×




     








There's an alternative theory about why Mark Zuckerberg looks like he's running for president










Kif Leswing












Jun. 26, 2017,  9:31 AM



28,716




 








facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print





 







Mark Zuckerberg/Facebook




Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg says he's not running for president, but a recent nationwide tour has been stoking speculation.
In the past few months, Zuckerberg has visited military bases, dined with "folks" in Ohio, and even been photographed working on the assembly line of a Ford factory — stuff people usually do when they're starting a political campaign.
So, he's running, right? Not so fast, says Nathan Hubbard, the former CEO of Ticketmaster. In a widely shared tweetstorm over the weekend, he laid out another possible reason to explain why Zuckerberg was crisscrossing the US and looking like a political candidate.
Basically, Hubbard says, Zuckerberg is acting like the product-focused CEO he is. Hubbard believes Zuckerberg initially didn't understand Facebook's role in last year's election and the political discourse, and now he's trying to understand — as a product guy — how Facebook may have contributed to President Donald Trump's election.
Hubbard has a lot of respect for Zuckerberg and Facebook, at one point calling some of Facebook's moves "probably the greatest biz execution of our generation."
Zuckerberg's staff on this tour is composed largely of former political operatives, Business Insider previously reported, and one of his favorite topics with people he meets is how they use Facebook.
Hubbard makes several interesting points, and it speaks to how the role of a tech CEO with billions of users now tends to look a lot like a statesman or a politician. He closes out his tweetstorm with "#sheryl2020," joking that Zuckerberg's second-in-command, Facebook’s chief operating officer, Sheryl Sandberg, might be a better presidential candidate.
Here's his theory:



			1/Zuck isn't running for President. He's trying to understand the role the product he created played in getting this one elected.		— Nathan Hubbard  (@NathanCHubbard) June 25, 2017






			2/Facebook has undergone two major evolutionary events in its history, both of which were driven by what Zuck saw as existential threats.		— Nathan Hubbard  (@NathanCHubbard) June 25, 2017






			3/The incredible revenue growth in mobile (probably the greatest biz execution of our generation) helped Facebook survive a platform shift.		— Nathan Hubbard  (@NathanCHubbard) June 25, 2017






			4/ And the fearless acquisitive streak of Instagram, WhatsApp and others helped Facebook survive a shift in how we communicate and organize.		— Nathan Hubbard  (@NathanCHubbard) June 25, 2017






			5/Zuck woke up on Nov 9th acutely aware that FB had facilitated a new shift he didn't foresee or understand; that's terrifying to a founder.		— Nathan Hubbard  (@NathanCHubbard) June 25, 2017






			6/He's the head of product. So he's ventured out into the world beyond his bubble to do field research and inform how FB will evolve again.		— Nathan Hubbard  (@NathanCHubbard) June 25, 2017






			7/Yes, these pictures we are seeing of Zuck meeting people look like outtakes from Forrest Gump meets The 40 Year Old Virgin...		— Nathan Hubbard  (@NathanCHubbard) June 25, 2017






			8/And for those reasons it's silly to assign him Presidential aspirations. He has very few of the skills we've just seen it takes to win.		— Nathan Hubbard  (@NathanCHubbard) June 25, 2017






			9/He does, however, have a ruthless survival instinct combined with a boundless desire to learn. That's how he got here, folks.		— Nathan Hubbard  (@NathanCHubbard) June 25, 2017






			10/We have rightly vilified founders of late who could not personally learn, grow and evolve to lead their companies and products forward.		— Nathan Hubbard  (@NathanCHubbard) June 25, 2017






			11/So I admire a founder who, however Machiavellian, cares enough to understand the people using the platform he created. #Sheryl2020 — Nathan Hubbard  (@NathanCHubbard) June 25, 2017



Here's Hubbard's argument in paragraph form:
"Zuck isn't running for President. He's trying to understand the role the product he created played in getting this one elected. Facebook has undergone two major evolutionary events in its history, both of which were driven by what Zuck saw as existential threats. The incredible revenue growth in mobile (probably the greatest biz execution of our generation) helped Facebook survive a platform shift. And the fearless acquisitive streak of Instagram, WhatsApp and others helped Facebook survive a shift in how we communicate and organize.
"Zuck woke up on Nov 9th acutely aware that FB had facilitated a new shift he didn't foresee or understand; that's terrifying to a founder. He's the head of product. So he's ventured out into the world beyond his bubble to do field research and inform how FB will evolve again. Yes, these pictures we are seeing of Zuck meeting people look like outtakes from Forrest Gump meets The 40 Year Old Virgin...
"And for those reasons it's silly to assign him Presidential aspirations. He has very few of the skills we've just seen it takes to win. He does, however, have a ruthless survival instinct combined with a boundless desire to learn. That's how he got here, folks. We have rightly vilified founders of late who could not personally learn, grow and evolve to lead their companies and products forward. So I admire a founder who, however Machiavellian, cares enough to understand the people using the platform he created. #Sheryl2020"


SEE ALSO: The most presidential moments from Mark Zuckerberg's whirlwind tour of the US (so far)







            More:

                                                        Mark Zuckerberg
Facebook
















facebook





linkedin





twitter





email





print















×





                    Recommended For You
        
        
Powered by Sailthru





























There's an alternative theory about why Mark Zuckerberg looks like he's running for president
There's an alternative theory about why Mark Zuckerberg looks like he's running for president

Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg says he's not...




















Recommended For You







 














Disclaimer




























Featured






Apple is lagging the market as iPhone 8 woes mount


More "The Bottom Line" » 






Here's how much you need to save for college every year depending on when you start


More "Year by Year" » 




 





Tech Insider Emails & Alerts
            
Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day.
Sign-Up







Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital


 
 
Read Business Insider On The Go
Available on iOS or Android
  







Find A Job




Tech Jobs


C-Level Jobs




Media Jobs


Design Jobs




Finance Jobs


Sales Jobs




See All Jobs »





Thanks to our partners






























Follow us on:












Also check out:






* Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
                                                                Terms of Service                                and
                                                                                                Privacy Policy.

Disclaimer
Commerce Policy
Made in NYC




Stock quotes by finanzen.net



International Editions:
UKDEAUSINMYSGPLSENLFRITJP 






































Mark Zuckerberg - Wikipedia




















 







Mark Zuckerberg

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Marc Zuckerberg)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Zuckerberg" redirects here. For other people with the surname, see Zuckerberg (name).


Mark Zuckerberg



Zuckerberg in 2014



Born
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg
(1984-05-14) May 14, 1984 (age 33)[1]
White Plains, New York, U.S.


Residence
Palo Alto, California, U.S.


Occupation
Computer programmer, Internet entrepreneur


Years active
2004–present


Known for
Co-founder of Facebook


Home town
Dobbs Ferry, New York, U.S.


Salary
One-dollar salary[2]


Net worth
US$63.7 billion (June 2017)[3]


Title
Chairman and CEO of Facebook


Spouse(s)
Priscilla Chan (m. 2012)


Children
1


Relatives
Randi Zuckerberg (sister)


Website
facebook.com/zuck


Signature





Mark Elliot Zuckerberg (born May 14, 1984) is an American computer programmer and Internet entrepreneur. He is a co-founder of Facebook, and currently operates as its chairman and chief executive officer.[4][5] His net worth is estimated to be US$63.3 billion as of May 2017, and he is ranked by Forbes as the fifth richest person in the world.[6][7]
Zuckerberg launched Facebook from his Harvard University dormitory room on February 4, 2004. He was assisted by his college roommates and fellow Harvard students Eduardo Saverin, Andrew McCollum, Dustin Moskovitz, and Chris Hughes.[8] The group then introduced Facebook to other college campuses. Facebook expanded rapidly, reaching one billion users by 2012. Meanwhile, Zuckerberg was involved in various legal disputes brought by others in the group, who claimed a share of the company based upon their involvement during the development phase of Facebook.
In December 2012, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan announced that over the course of their lives they would give the majority of their wealth to "advancing human potential and promoting equality" in the spirit of The Giving Pledge.[9] On December 1, 2015, they announced they would eventually give 99 percent of their Facebook shares (worth about US$45 billion at the time) to the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative.[10][11]
Since 2010, Time magazine has named Zuckerberg among the 100 wealthiest and most influential people in the world as a part of its Person of the Year award.[12][13][14] In December 2016, Zuckerberg was ranked 10th on Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[15]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Software developer

2.1 Early years
2.2 College years


3 Career

3.1 Facebook
3.2 Wirehog
3.3 Platform, Beacon, and Connect
3.4 Internet.org
3.5 Legal controversies

3.5.1 ConnectU lawsuits
3.5.2 Saverin lawsuit
3.5.3 Pakistan criminal investigation
3.5.4 Paul Ceglia
3.5.5 Palestinian terror attacks
3.5.6 Hawaiian land ownership




4 Depictions in media

4.1 The Social Network

4.1.1 Disputed accuracy


4.2 Other depictions


5 Philanthropy
6 Politics
7 Personal life
8 See also
9 References
10 External links



Early life

External video




 Mark Zuckerberg's career in 90 seconds, The Daily Telegraph[16]


Zuckerberg was born in 1984 in White Plains, New York.[17] He is the son of Karen (née Kempner), a psychiatrist, and Edward Zuckerberg, a dentist.[18] His ancestors came from Germany, Austria and Poland.[19] He and his three sisters, Randi, Donna, and Arielle, were brought up in Dobbs Ferry, New York, a small Westchester County village about 21 miles north of Midtown Manhattan.[20] Zuckerberg was raised Jewish and had his Bar Mitzvah when he turned 13.[21]
At Ardsley High School, Zuckerberg excelled in classes. He transferred to the exclusive private school Phillips Exeter Academy, in New Hampshire, in his junior year, where he won prizes in science (math, astronomy, and physics) and classical studies. In his youth, he also attended the Johns Hopkins Center for Talented Youth summer camp. On his college application, Zuckerberg claimed that he could read and write French, Hebrew, Latin, and ancient Greek. He was captain of the fencing team.[22][23][24]
Software developer
Early years
Zuckerberg began using computers and writing software in middle school. His father taught him Atari BASIC Programming in the 1990s, and later hired software developer David Newman to tutor him privately. Newman calls him a "prodigy", adding that it was "tough to stay ahead of him". Zuckerberg took a graduate course in the subject at Mercy College near his home while still in high school. He enjoyed developing computer programs, especially communication tools and games. In one program, since his father's dental practice was operated from their home, he built a software program he called "ZuckNet" that allowed all the computers between the house and dental office to communicate with each other. It is considered a "primitive" version of AOL's Instant Messenger, which came out the following year.[25][26]
According to writer Jose Antonio Vargas, "some kids played computer games. Mark created them." Zuckerberg himself recalls this period: "I had a bunch of friends who were artists. They'd come over, draw stuff, and I'd build a game out of it." However, notes Vargas, Zuckerberg was not a typical "geek-klutz", as he later became captain of his prep school fencing team and earned a classics diploma. Napster co-founder Sean Parker, a close friend, notes that Zuckerberg was "really into Greek odysseys and all that stuff", recalling how he once quoted lines from the Roman epic poem Aeneid, by Virgil, during a Facebook product conference.[20]
During Zuckerberg's high school years, he worked under the company name Intelligent Media Group to build a music player called the Synapse Media Player. The device used machine learning to learn the user's listening habits, which was posted to Slashdot[27] and received a rating of 3 out of 5 from PC Magazine.[28]
College years
Vargas noted that by the time Zuckerberg began classes at Harvard, he had already achieved a "reputation as a programming prodigy". He studied psychology and computer science and belonged to Alpha Epsilon Pi and Kirkland House.[12][20][29] In his sophomore year, he wrote a program that he called CourseMatch, which allowed users to make class selection decisions based on the choices of other students and also to help them form study groups. A short time later, he created a different program he initially called Facemash that let students select the best looking person from a choice of photos. According to Arie Hasit, Zuckerberg's roommate at the time, "he built the site for fun". Hasit explains:

We had books called Face Books, which included the names and pictures of everyone who lived in the student dorms. At first, he built a site and placed two pictures, or pictures of two males and two females. Visitors to the site had to choose who was "hotter" and according to the votes there would be a ranking.[30]

The site went up over a weekend, but by Monday morning, the college shut it down, because its popularity had overwhelmed one of Harvard's network switches and prevented students from accessing the Internet. In addition, many students complained that their photos were being used without permission. Zuckerberg apologized publicly, and the student paper ran articles stating that his site was "completely improper."[30]
The following semester, in January 2004, Zuckerberg began writing code for a new Web site.[31] On February 4, 2004, Zuckerberg launched "Thefacebook", originally located at thefacebook.com.[32]
Six days after the site launched, three Harvard seniors, Cameron Winklevoss, Tyler Winklevoss, and Divya Narendra, accused Zuckerberg of intentionally misleading them into believing he would help them build a social network called HarvardConnection.com, while he was instead using their ideas to build a competing product.[33] The three complained to The Harvard Crimson, and the newspaper began an investigation in response.[citation needed]
Following the official launch of the Facebook social media platform, the three filed a lawsuit against Zuckerberg that resulted in a settlement.[34] The agreed settlement was for 1.2 million Facebook shares that were worth US$300 million at Facebook's IPO.[35]
Zuckerberg dropped out of Harvard in his sophomore year to complete his project.[36] In January 2014, he recalled:

I remember really vividly, you know, having pizza with my friends a day or two after—I opened up the first version of Facebook at the time I thought, "You know, someone needs to build a service like this for the world." But I just never thought that we'd be the ones to help do it. And I think a lot of what it comes down to is we just cared more.[37]

Zuckerberg later received an honorary degree from Harvard on 28 May 2017.[38][39]
Career




Zuckerberg listening to President Barack Obama before a private meeting where Obama dined with technology business leaders in Woodside, California, February 17, 2011.


Facebook
Main articles: Facebook and History of Facebook
On February 4, 2004, Zuckerberg launched Facebook from his Harvard dormitory room.[40][41] An earlier inspiration for Facebook may have come from Phillips Exeter Academy, the prep school from which Zuckerberg graduated in 2002. It published its own student directory, "The Photo Address Book", which students referred to as "The Facebook". Such photo directories were an important part of the student social experience at many private schools. With them, students were able to list attributes such as their class years, their friends, and their telephone numbers.[40]
Once at college, Zuckerberg's Facebook started off as just a "Harvard thing" until Zuckerberg decided to spread it to other schools, enlisting the help of roommate Dustin Moskovitz. They began with Columbia University, New York University, Stanford, Dartmouth, Cornell, University of Pennsylvania, Brown, and Yale.[42] Samyr Laine, a triple jumper representing Haiti at the 2012 Summer Olympics, shared a room with Zuckerberg during Facebook's founding. "Mark was clearly on to great things," said Laine, who was Facebook's fourteenth user.[43]
Zuckerberg, Moskovitz and some friends moved to Palo Alto, California in Silicon Valley where they leased a small house that served as an office. Over the summer, Zuckerberg met Peter Thiel, who invested in the company. They got their first office in mid-2004. According to Zuckerberg, the group planned to return to Harvard, but eventually decided to remain in California.[44][45] They had already turned down offers by major corporations to buy the company. In an interview in 2007, Zuckerberg explained his reasoning: "It's not because of the amount of money. For me and my colleagues, the most important thing is that we create an open information flow for people. Having media corporations owned by conglomerates is just not an attractive idea to me."[41]
He restated these goals to Wired magazine in 2010: "The thing I really care about is the mission, making the world open."[46] Earlier, in April 2009, Zuckerberg sought the advice of former Netscape CFO Peter Currie about financing strategies for Facebook.[47] On July 21, 2010, Zuckerberg reported that the company reached the 500 million-user mark.[48] When asked whether Facebook could earn more income from advertising as a result of its phenomenal growth, he explained:

I guess we could ... If you look at how much of our page is taken up with ads compared to the average search query. The average for us is a little less than 10 percent of the pages and the average for search is about 20 percent taken up with ads ... That's the simplest thing we could do. But we aren't like that. We make enough money. Right, I mean, we are keeping things running; we are growing at the rate we want to.[46]

In 2010, Steven Levy, who wrote the 1984 book Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution, wrote that Zuckerberg "clearly thinks of himself as a hacker". Zuckerberg said that "it's OK to break things" "to make them better".[49][50] Facebook instituted "hackathons" held every six to eight weeks where participants would have one night to conceive of and complete a project.[49] The company provided music, food, and beer at the hackathons, and many Facebook staff members, including Zuckerberg, regularly attended.[50] "The idea is that you can build something really good in a night", Zuckerberg told Levy. "And that's part of the personality of Facebook now ... It's definitely very core to my personality."[49]
Vanity Fair magazine named Zuckerberg number 1 on its 2010 list of the Top 100 "most influential people of the Information Age".[51] Zuckerberg ranked number 23 on the Vanity Fair 100 list in 2009.[52] In 2010, Zuckerberg was chosen as number 16 in New Statesman's annual survey of the world's 50 most influential figures.[53]
In a 2011 interview with PBS shortly after the death of Steve Jobs, Zuckerberg said that Jobs had advised him on how to create a management team at Facebook that was "focused on building as high quality and good things as you are".[54]
On October 1, 2012, Zuckerberg visited Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev in Moscow to stimulate social media innovation in Russia and to boost Facebook's position in the Russian market.[55] Russia's communications minister tweeted that Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev urged the social media giant's founder to abandon plans to lure away Russian programmers and instead consider opening a research center in Moscow. In 2012, Facebook had roughly 9 million users in Russia, while domestic clone VK had around 34 million.[56] Rebecca Van Dyck, Facebook's head of consumer marketing, claimed that 85 million American Facebook users were exposed to the first day of the Home promotional campaign on April 6, 2013.[57]
On August 19, 2013, The Washington Post reported that Zuckerberg's Facebook profile was hacked by an unemployed web developer.[58]
At the 2013 TechCrunch Disrupt conference, held in September, Zuckerberg stated that he is working towards registering the 5 billion humans who were not connected to the Internet as of the conference on Facebook. Zuckerberg then explained that this is intertwined with the aim of the Internet.org project, whereby Facebook, with the support of other technology companies, seeks to increase the number of people connected to the internet.[59][60]
Zuckerberg was the keynote speaker at the 2014 Mobile World Congress (MWC), held in Barcelona, Spain, in March 2014, which was attended by 75,000 delegates. Various media sources highlighted the connection between Facebook's focus on mobile technology and Zuckerberg's speech, claiming that mobile represents the future of the company.[61] Zuckerberg's speech expands upon the goal that he raised at the TechCrunch conference in September 2013, whereby he is working towards expanding Internet coverage into developing countries.[62]
Alongside other American technology figures like Jeff Bezos and Tim Cook, Zuckerberg hosted visiting Chinese politician Lu Wei, known as the "Internet czar" for his influence in the enforcement of China's online policy, at Facebook's headquarters on December 8, 2014. The meeting occurred after Zuckerberg participated in a Q&A session at Tsinghua University in Beijing, China, on October 23, 2014, where he attempted to converse in Mandarin Chinese; although Facebook is banned in China, Zuckerberg is highly regarded among the people and was at the university to help fuel the nation's burgeoning entrepreneur sector.[63]
Zuckerberg fielded questions during a live Q&A session at the company's headquarters in Menlo Park on December 11, 2014. The founder and CEO explained that he does not believe Facebook is a waste of time, because it facilitates social engagement, and participating in a public session was so that he could "learn how to better serve the community".[64][65]
Zuckerberg receives a one-dollar salary as CEO of Facebook.[2] On December 3, 2016, Forbes reported Facebook shares had declined 7% since November 8, 2016, reducing Zuckerberg's net worth by $3.7 billion.[66] In June 2016, Business Insider named Zuckerberg one of the "Top 10 Business Visionaries Creating Value for the World" along with Elon Musk and Sal Khan, due to the fact that he and his wife "pledged to give away 99% of their wealth — which is estimated at over $52.1 billion."[67]
Wirehog
Main article: Wirehog
A month after Zuckerberg launched Facebook in February 2004, i2hub, another campus-only service, created by Wayne Chang, was launched. i2hub focused on peer-to-peer file sharing. At the time, both i2hub and Facebook were gaining the attention of the press and growing rapidly in users and publicity. In August 2004, Zuckerberg, Andrew McCollum, Adam D'Angelo, and Sean Parker launched a competing peer-to-peer file sharing service called Wirehog, a precursor to Facebook Platform applications.[68][69]
Platform, Beacon, and Connect




Zuckerberg at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland (January 2009).


On May 24, 2007, Zuckerberg announced Facebook Platform, a development platform for programmers to create social applications within Facebook. Within weeks, many applications had been built and some already had millions of users. It grew to more than 800,000 developers around the world building applications for Facebook Platform.[70]
On November 6, 2007, Zuckerberg announced Beacon, a social advertising system that enabled people to share information with their Facebook friends based on their browsing activities on other sites. For example, eBay sellers could let friends know automatically what they have for sale via the Facebook news feed as they listed items for sale. The program came under scrutiny because of privacy concerns from groups and individual users. Zuckerberg and Facebook failed to respond to the concerns quickly, and on December 5, 2007, Zuckerberg wrote a blog post on Facebook,[71] taking responsibility for the concerns about Beacon and offering an easier way for users to opt out of the service.
In 2007, Zuckerberg was added to MIT Technology Review's TR35 list as one of the top 35 innovators in the world under the age of 35.[72] On July 23, 2008, Zuckerberg announced Facebook Connect, a version of Facebook Platform for users.[citation needed]
Internet.org
In a public Facebook post, Zuckerberg launched the Internet.org project in late August 2013. Zuckerberg explained that the primary aim of the initiative is to provide Internet access to the 5 billion people who are not connected as of the launch date. Using a three-tier strategy, Internet.org will also create new jobs and open up new markets, according to Zuckerberg. He stated in his post:

The world economy is going through a massive transition right now. The knowledge economy is the future. By bringing everyone online, we'll not only improve billions of lives, but we'll also improve our own as we benefit from the ideas and productivity they contribute to the world. Giving everyone the opportunity to connect is the foundation for enabling the knowledge economy. It is not the only thing we need to do, but it's a fundamental and necessary step.[60]

To stay proven on the efforts of bringing in the concept of net neutrality, Mark Zuckerberg met Narendra Modi, Satya Nadella and Sundar Pichai at the Silicon Valley, to discuss on how to effectively establish affordable internet access to the less developed countries.[73] As a token of initiation, Mark Zuckerberg changed his Facebook profile picture to extend his support to the Digital India to help the rural communities to stay connected to the internet.[74]
Legal controversies
Main article: Criticism of Facebook
ConnectU lawsuits
Main article: ConnectU
Harvard students Cameron Winklevoss, Tyler Winklevoss, and Divya Narendra accused Zuckerberg of intentionally making them believe he would help them build a social network called HarvardConnection.com (later called ConnectU).[75] They filed a lawsuit in 2004, but it was dismissed on a technicality on March 28, 2007. It was refiled soon thereafter in federal court in Boston. Facebook countersued in regards to Social Butterfly, a project put out by The Winklevoss Chang Group, an alleged partnership between ConnectU and i2hub. On June 25, 2008, the case settled and Facebook agreed to transfer over 1.2 million common shares and pay $20 million in cash.[76]
In November 2007, confidential court documents were posted on the website of 02138, a magazine that catered to Harvard alumni. They included Zuckerberg's Social Security number, his parents' home address, and his girlfriend's address. Facebook filed to have the documents removed, but the judge ruled in favor of 02138.[77]
Saverin lawsuit
A lawsuit filed by Eduardo Saverin against Facebook and Zuckerberg was settled out of court. Though terms of the settlement were sealed, the company affirmed Saverin's title as co-founder of Facebook. Saverin signed a non-disclosure contract after the settlement.[78]
Pakistan criminal investigation
In June 2010, Pakistani Deputy Attorney General Muhammad Azhar Sidiqque launched a criminal investigation into Zuckerberg and Facebook co-founders Dustin Moskovitz and Chris Hughes after a "Draw Muhammad" contest was hosted on Facebook. The investigation named the anonymous German woman who created the contest. Sidiqque asked the country's police to contact Interpol to have Zuckerberg and the three others arrested for blasphemy. On May 19, 2010, Facebook's website was temporarily blocked in Pakistan until Facebook removed the contest from its website at the end of May. Sidiqque also asked its UN representative to raise the issue with the United Nations General Assembly.[79][80]
Paul Ceglia
Main article: Paul Ceglia
In June 2010, Paul Ceglia, the owner of a wood pellet fuel company in Allegany County, upstate New York, filed suit against Zuckerberg, claiming 84 percent ownership of Facebook and seeking monetary damages. According to Ceglia, he and Zuckerberg signed a contract on April 28, 2003, that an initial fee of $1,000 entitled Ceglia to 50% of the website's revenue, as well as an additional 1% interest in the business per day after January 1, 2004, until website completion. Zuckerberg was developing other projects at the time, among which was Facemash, the predecessor of Facebook, but did not register the domain name thefacebook.com until January 1, 2004. Facebook management dismissed the lawsuit as "completely frivolous". Facebook spokesman Barry Schnitt told a reporter that Ceglia's counsel had unsuccessfully sought an out-of-court settlement.[81][82]
On October 26, 2012, federal authorities arrested Ceglia, charging him with mail and wire fraud and of "tampering with, destroying and fabricating evidence in a scheme to defraud the Facebook founder of billions of dollars." Ceglia is accused of fabricating emails to make it appear that he and Zuckerberg discussed details about an early version of Facebook, although after examining their emails, investigators found there was no mention of Facebook in them.[83] Some law firms withdrew from the case before it was initiated and others after Ceglia's arrest.[84][85]
Palestinian terror attacks
On July 2, 2016, Israeli cabinet minister Gilad Erdan accused Zuckerberg of having some responsibility for deadly attacks by Palestinians against Israelis.[86] According to him, the social network was not doing enough to ban posts to its platform that incite violence against Israelis.[87] "Some of the victims' blood is on Zuckerberg's hands", Erdan said.[88]
Hawaiian land ownership
In January 2017, Zuckerberg filed eight "quiet title and partition" lawsuits against hundreds of native Hawaiians to get them to sell their land to him. This land is contained within the 700 acres of land in the Hawaiian island of Kauai that Zuckerberg had purchased in 2014. When he learned that Hawaiian land ownership law differs from that of the other 49 states, he dropped the lawsuits.[89][90]
Depictions in media
The Social Network
Main article: The Social Network
A movie based on Zuckerberg and the founding years of Facebook, The Social Network was released on October 1, 2010, and stars Jesse Eisenberg as Zuckerberg. After Zuckerberg was told about the film, he responded, "I just wished that nobody made a movie of me while I was still alive."[91] Also, after the film's script was leaked on the Internet and it was apparent that the film would not portray Zuckerberg in a wholly positive light, he stated that he wanted to establish himself as a "good guy".[92] The film is based on the book The Accidental Billionaires by Ben Mezrich, which the book's publicist once described as "big juicy fun" rather than "reportage".[93] The film's screenwriter Aaron Sorkin told New York magazine, "I don't want my fidelity to be the truth; I want it to be storytelling", adding, "What is the big deal about accuracy purely for accuracy's sake, and can we not have the true be the enemy of the good?"[94]
Upon winning the Golden Globe Award for Best Picture on January 16, 2011, producer Scott Rudin thanked Facebook and Zuckerberg "for his willingness to allow us to use his life and work as a metaphor through which to tell a story about communication and the way we relate to each other.”[95] Sorkin, who won for Best Screenplay, retracted some of the impressions given in his script:[96]

"I wanted to say to Mark Zuckerberg tonight, if you're watching, Rooney Mara's character makes a prediction at the beginning of the movie. She was wrong. You turned out to be a great entrepreneur, a visionary, and an incredible altruist."

On January 29, 2011, Zuckerberg made a surprise guest appearance on Saturday Night Live, which was being hosted by Jesse Eisenberg. They both said it was the first time they ever met.[97] Eisenberg asked Zuckerberg, who had been critical of his portrayal by the film, what he thought of the movie. Zuckerberg replied, "It was interesting."[98] In a subsequent interview about their meeting, Eisenberg explains that he was "nervous to meet him, because I had spent now, a year and a half thinking about him ..." He adds, "Mark has been so gracious about something that’s really so uncomfortable ... The fact that he would do SNL and make fun of the situation is so sweet and so generous. It’s the best possible way to handle something that, I think, could otherwise be very uncomfortable."[99][100]
Disputed accuracy
Jeff Jarvis, author of the book Public Parts, interviewed Zuckerberg and believes Sorkin made up too much of the story. He states, "That's what the internet is accused of doing, making stuff up, not caring about the facts."[101]
According to David Kirkpatrick, former technology editor at Fortune magazine and author of The Facebook Effect:The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World, (2011),[102] "the film is only "40% true ... he is not snide and sarcastic in a cruel way, the way Zuckerberg is played in the movie." He says that "a lot of the factual incidents are accurate, but many are distorted and the overall impression is false", and concludes that primarily "his motivations were to try and come up with a new way to share information on the Internet".[101]
Although the film portrays Zuckerberg's creation of Facebook in order to elevate his stature after not getting into any of the elite final clubs at Harvard, Zuckerberg said he had no interest in joining the clubs.[20] Kirkpatrick agrees that the impression implied by the film is "false". Karel Baloun, a former senior engineer at Facebook, notes that the "image of Zuckerberg as a socially inept nerd is overstated ... It is fiction ..." He likewise dismisses the film's assertion that he "would deliberately betray a friend".[101]
Other depictions
Zuckerberg voiced himself on an episode of The Simpsons titled "Loan-a Lisa", which first aired on October 3, 2010. In the episode, Lisa Simpson and her friend Nelson encounter Zuckerberg at an entrepreneurs' convention. Zuckerberg tells Lisa that she does not need to graduate from college to be wildly successful, referencing Bill Gates and Richard Branson as examples.[103]
On October 9, 2010, Saturday Night Live lampooned Zuckerberg and Facebook.[104] Andy Samberg played Zuckerberg. The real Zuckerberg was reported to have been amused: "I thought this was funny."[105]
Stephen Colbert awarded a "Medal of Fear" to Zuckerberg at the Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear on October 30, 2010, "because he values his privacy much more than he values yours".[106]
Zuckerberg appears in the climax of the documentary film Terms and Conditions May Apply.[107][108][109]
Philanthropy
See also: Chan Zuckerberg Initiative




Chan and Zuckerberg in Prague (2013)


Zuckerberg donated an undisclosed amount to Diaspora, an open-source personal Web server that implements a distributed social networking service. He called it a "cool idea".[46]
Zuckerberg founded the Start-up: Education foundation.[110][111] On September 22, 2010, it was reported that Zuckerberg had donated $100 million to Newark Public Schools, the public school system of Newark, New Jersey.[112][113] Critics noted the timing of the donation as being close to the release of The Social Network, which painted a somewhat negative portrait of Zuckerberg.[114] Zuckerberg responded to the criticism, saying, "The thing that I was most sensitive about with the movie timing was, I didn't want the press about The Social Network movie to get conflated with the Newark project. I was thinking about doing this anonymously just so that the two things could be kept separate."[115] Newark Mayor Cory Booker stated that he and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie had to convince Zuckerberg's team not to make the donation anonymously.[115] The money was largely wasted, according to journalist Dale Russakoff.[116][117]
On December 9, 2010, Zuckerberg, Bill Gates, and investor Warren Buffett signed "The Giving Pledge", in which they promised to donate to charity at least half of their wealth over the course of time, and invited others among the wealthy to donate 50 percent or more of their wealth to charity.[118]
On December 19, 2013, Zuckerberg announced a donation of 18 million Facebook shares to the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, to be executed by the end of the month—based on Facebook's valuation as of then, the shares totaled $990 million in value. On December 31, 2013, the donation was recognized as the largest charitable gift on public record for 2013.[119] The Chronicle of Philanthropy placed Zuckerberg and his wife at the top of the magazine's annual list of 50 most generous Americans for 2013, having donated roughly $1 billion to charity.[120]
In October 2014, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan donated US$25 million to combat the Ebola virus disease, specifically the West African Ebola virus epidemic.[121][122]
On December 1, 2015, Zuckerberg and Chan announced the birth of their daughter Max, and in an open letter to Max, they pledged to donate 99 percent of their Facebook shares, then valued at US$45 billion, to the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, their new organization that will focus on health and education. The donation will not be given immediately, but over the course of their lives.[123][124] However, instead of forming a charitable corporation to donate the value of the stock to, as Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, Larry Page, Sergey Brin and other tech billionaires have done, Zuckerberg and Chan chose to use the structure of a limited liability company. This has drawn criticism from a number of journalists.[125][126][127][128] Chan and Zuckerberg also signed The Giving Pledge.[129]
Politics
In 2002, Zuckerberg registered to vote in Westchester County, New York, where he grew up, but did not cast a ballot until November 2008. Santa Clara County Registrar of Voters Spokeswoman, Elma Rosas, told Bloomberg that Zuckerberg is listed as "no preference" on voter rolls, and he voted in the past two general elections, in 2008 and 2012.[130][131]
Zuckerberg has never revealed his own political views: some consider him a conservative,[132][133] while others consider him liberal.[134]
On February 13, 2013, Zuckerberg hosted his first ever fundraising event for New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. Zuckerberg's particular interest on this occasion was education reform, and Christie's education reform work focused on teachers unions and the expansion of charter schools.[135][136] Later that year, Zuckerberg hosted a campaign fundraiser for Newark mayor Cory Booker, who was running in the 2013 New Jersey special Senate election.[137] In September 2010, with the support of Governor Chris Christie, Booker obtained a US$100 million pledge from Zuckerberg to Newark Public Schools.[138] In December 2012, Zuckerberg donated 18 million shares to the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, a community organization that includes education in its list of grant-making areas.[139][140]
On April 11, 2013, Zuckerberg led the launch of a 501(c)(4) lobbying group called FWD.us. The founders and contributors to the group were primarily Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and investors, and its president was Joe Green, a close friend of Zuckerberg.[141][142][143][144] The goals of the group include immigration reform, improving the state of education in the United States, and enabling more technological breakthroughs that benefit the public,[145][146] yet it has also been criticized for financing ads advocating a variety of oil and gas development initiatives, including drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and the Keystone XL pipeline.[147] In 2013, numerous liberal and progressive groups, such as The League of Conservation Voters, MoveOn.org, the Sierra Club, Democracy for America, CREDO, Daily Kos, 350.org, and Presente and Progressives United agreed to either pull their Facebook ad buys or not buy Facebook ads for at least two weeks, in protest of Zuckerberg ads funded by FWD.us that were in support of oil drilling and the Keystone XL pipeline, and in opposition to Obamacare among Republican United States senators who back immigration reform.[clarification needed][148]
A media report on June 20, 2013 revealed that Zuckerberg actively engaged with Facebook users on his own profile page after the online publication of a FWD.us video. In response to a claim that the FWD.us organization is "just about tech wanting to hire more people", the Internet entrepreneur replied: "The bigger problem we’re trying to address is ensuring the 11 million undocumented folks living in this country now and similar folks in the future are treated fairly."[149]
In June 2013, Zuckerberg joined Facebook employees in a company float as part of the annual San Francisco Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Pride Celebration. The company first participated in the event in 2011, with 70 employees, and this number increased to 700 for the 2013 march. The 2013 pride celebration was especially significant, as it followed a U.S. Supreme Court ruling that deemed the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) unconstitutional.[150][151]
When questioned about the mid-2013 PRISM scandal at the TechCrunch Disrupt conference in September 2013, Zuckerberg stated that the U.S. government "blew it." He further explained that the government performed poorly in regard to the protection of the freedoms of its citizens, the economy, and companies.[59]
Zuckerberg placed a statement on his Facebook wall on December 9, 2015 which said that he wants "to add my voice in support of Muslims in our community and around the world" in response to the aftermath of the November 2015 Paris attacks and the 2015 San Bernardino attack.[152][153][154][155] The statement also said that Muslims are "always welcome" on Facebook, and that his position was a result of the fact that "as a Jew, my parents taught me that we must stand up against attacks on all communities."[156][157]
On February 24, 2016, Zuckerberg sent out a company-wide internal memo to employees formally rebuking employees who had crossed out handwritten "Black Lives Matter" phrases on the company walls and had written "All Lives Matter" in their place. Facebook allows employees to free-write thoughts and phrases on company walls. The memo was then leaked by several employees. As Zuckerberg had previously condemned this practice at previous company meetings, and other similar requests had been issued by other leaders at Facebook, Zuckerberg wrote in the memo that he would now consider this overwriting practice not only disrespectful, but "malicious as well." According to Zuckerberg's memo, "Black Lives Matter doesn't mean other lives don't -- it's simply asking that the black community also achieves the justice they deserve." The memo also noted that the act of crossing something out in itself, "means silencing speech, or that one person's speech is more important than another's." Zuckerberg also said in the memo that he would be launching investigations into the incidents.[158][159][160] The New York Daily News interviewed Facebook employees who commented anonymously that, "Zuckerberg was genuinely angry about the incident and it really encouraged staff that Zuckerberg showed a clear understanding of why the phrase 'Black Lives Matter' must exist, as well as why writing through it is a form of harassment and erasure." [158]
In January 2017, Zuckerberg criticized Donald Trump’s executive order to severely limit immigrants and refugees from some countries.[161]
Personal life
Zuckerberg met his future wife, fellow student Priscilla Chan, at a fraternity party during his sophomore year at Harvard. They began dating in 2003.[162][163]
In September 2010, Zuckerberg invited Chan, by then a medical student at the University of California, San Francisco,[164] to move into his rented Palo Alto house. Zuckerberg studied Mandarin in preparation for the couple's visit to China in December 2010.[165][166] On May 19, 2012, Zuckerberg and Chan married in Zuckerberg's backyard in an event that also celebrated her graduation from medical school.[167][168][169] On July 31, 2015, Zuckerberg announced that he and Chan were expecting a baby girl. He said he felt confident that the risk of miscarrying was low so far into the pregnancy, after Chan had already suffered three miscarriages.[170] On December 1, Zuckerberg announced the birth of their daughter, Maxima Chan Zuckerberg ("Max").[171][172] The couple announced on their Chinese New Year video, published on February 6, 2016, that Maxima's official Chinese name is Chen Mingyu (Chinese: 陈明宇).[173] In March 2017, he announced that the two are expecting another daughter.[174]
While raised Jewish, Zuckerberg later identified as an atheist,[175][22][176] a position he has since renounced.[177] He has shown an appreciation for Buddhism.[178][179] With regard to Christianity, both Zuckerberg and his wife told Pope Francis in August 2016 "how much we admire his message of mercy and tenderness, and how he's found new ways to communicate with people of every faith around the world."[180][181][182] In December 2016, when asked "Aren't you an atheist?" in response to a Christmas Day post on Facebook, Zuckerberg responded, "No. I was raised Jewish and then I went through a period where I questioned things, but now I believe religion is very important."[177] As he closed his commencement address at Harvard University in May 2017, Zuckerberg shared the Jewish prayer Mi Shebeirach, which he stated he says when he faces challenges in life.[183][184]
See also

Criticism of Facebook
Mark Zuckerberg book club

References


^ Pilkington, Ed (March 10, 2011). "Forbes rich list: Facebook six stake their claims". The Guardian. UK. Retrieved March 30, 2011. 
^ a b "Facebook, Inc. Proxy Statement". United States Security and Exchange Commission. April 26, 2013. p. 31. Retrieved March 30, 2014. On January 1, 2013, Mr. Zuckerberg’s annual base salary was reduced to $1 and he will no longer receive annual bonus compensation under our Bonus Plan. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg - Forbes". Forbes. 
^ Napach, Bernice (July 26, 2013). "Facebook Surges and Mark Zuckerberg Pockets $3.8 Billion". Yahoo! Finance. 
^ Hiltzik, Michael (May 20, 2012). "Facebook shareholders are wedded to the whims of Mark Zuckerberg". Los Angeles Times. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg". Forbes. Retrieved April 19, 2016. 
^ "The World's Billionaires List". Forbes. Retrieved December 12, 2016. 
^ Carlson, Nicholas (March 5, 2010). "At Last – The Full Story Of How Facebook Was Founded". Business Insider. 
^ The Giving Pledge website, retrieved December 3, 2015
^ BBC News. The great Facebook giveaway - how will it work?, December 2, 2015
^ http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-34978249
^ a b Grossman, Lev (December 15, 2010). "Person of the Year 2010: Mark Zuckerberg". Time. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg". Forbes. March 2012. Retrieved May 19, 2012. 
^ "The All-Time TIME 100 of All Time". Time. April 18, 2012. Retrieved April 20, 2012. 
^ "The World's Most Powerful People". Forbes. December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg's career in 90 seconds". The Daily Telegraph. Retrieved March 3, 2017. 
^ Malone, Jasmine (Dec 15, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg wins Time person of the year: profile". The Daily Telegraph. London. 
^ "The Zuckerbergs of Dobbs Ferry", New York, no. May 14, 2012, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (Jan 27, 2017). "My great grandparents came from Germany, Austria, and Poland.". Facebook. PaloAlto. 
^ a b c d Vargas, Jose Antonio (September 20, 2010). "The Face of Facebook". The New Yorker. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Burrell, Ian (July 24, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg: He's got the whole world on his site". The Independent. UK. Retrieved November 6, 2010. 
^ a b Kirkpatrick, David (2010). The Facebook Effect: The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World. New York: Simon & Schuster. pp. 20–21. ISBN 978-1-4391-0211-4. Retrieved November 9, 2010. 
^ McDevitt, Caitlin (March 5, 2010). "What We Learned About Mark Zuckerberg This Week". The Big Money. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Grynbaum, Michael M. (June 10, 2004). "Mark E. Zuckerberg '06: The whiz behind thefacebook.com". The Harvard Crimson. 
^ "4-thing-mark-zuckerberg". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ "facebook-founder-mark-zuckerberg-child-prodigy". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ Hemos/Dan Moore (April 21, 2003). "Machine Learning and MP3s". Slashdot. Retrieved September 3, 2010. 
^ Dreier, Troy (February 8, 2005). "Synapse Media Player Review". PCMag.com. Retrieved September 3, 2010. 
^ Larson, Chase (March 25, 2011), Mark Zuckerberg speaks at BYU, calls Facebook "as much psychology and sociology as it is technology", Deseret News, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ a b "Facebook founder's roommate recounts creation of Internet giant". Haaretz. Oct 5, 2009. 
^ Hoffman, Claire (June 28, 2008). "The Battle for Facebook". Rolling Stone. New York. Archived from the original on July 3, 2008. Retrieved February 5, 2009. 
^ Seward, Zachary M. (July 25, 2007). "Judge Expresses Skepticism About Facebook Lawsuit". The Wall Street Journal. New York. Retrieved April 30, 2008. 
^ Carlson, Nicolas (March 5, 2010). "In 2004, Mark Zuckerberg Broke Into A Facebook User's Private Email Account". Business Insider. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Stone, Brad (June 28, 2008). "Judge Ends Facebook's Feud With ConnectU". New York Times blog. 
^ Rushe, Dominic (February 2, 2012). "Facebook IPO sees Winklevoss twins heading for $300m fortune". The Guardian. London. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg, Harvard dropout, returns to open arms". CS Monitor. November 9, 2011. 
^ Fell, Jason (14 May 2014). "As Mark Zuckerberg Turns 30, His 10 Best Quotes as CEO". Entrepreneur. Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Retrieved 16 May 2014. 
^ Steinbock, Anna (May 25, 2017). "Harvard awards 10 honorary degrees". Harvard Gazette. Retrieved May 25, 2017. 
^ "13 YEARS AFTER QUITTING, FACEBOOK CEO MARK ZUCKERBERG GETS HONORARY HARVARD DEGREE". PPP Focus. 28 May 2017. 
^ a b Antonas, Steffan (May 10, 2009). "Did Mark Zuckerberg's Inspiration for Facebook Come Before Harvard?". ReadWrite Social. SAY Media, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ a b "Face-to-Face with Mark Zuckerberg '02". Phillips Exeter Academy. Phillips Exeter Academy. January 24, 2007. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^

Holt, Chris (March 10, 2004). "Thefacebook.com's darker side". The Stanford Daily. 
Nguyen, Lananh (April 12, 2004). "Online network created by Harvard students flourishes". The Tufts Daily. College Media Network. Archived from the original on October 15, 2013. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
Rotberg, Emily (April 14, 2004). "Thefacebook.com opens to Duke students". The Chronicle. Duke Student Publishing Company. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
"Students flock to join college online facebook". The Daily Pennsylvanian. Archived from the original on August 25, 2011. 


^ Alice Speri (August 7, 2012). "Zuckerberg's Roomie Aims to Win for Haiti". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Teller, Sam (November 1, 2005). "Zuckerberg To Leave Harvard Indefinitely". The Harvard Crimson. The Harvard Crimson, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Kevin J. Feeney (February 24, 2005). "Business, Casual.". The Harvard Crimson. The Harvard Crimson, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ a b c Singel, Ryan (May 28, 2010). "Epicenter: Mark Zuckerberg: I Donated to Open Source, Facebook Competitor". Wired News. Condé Nast Publishing. Retrieved May 29, 2010. 
^ MacMillan, Robert (April 1, 2009). "Yu, Zuckerberg and the Facebook fallout". Reuters. Retrieved March 26, 2013. In a back-to-the-future move, former Netscape CFO Peter Currie will be the key adviser to Facebook about financial matters, until a new search for a CFO is found, sources said. 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (July 22, 2010), 500 Million Stories, The Facebook Blog, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ a b c Levy, Steven (April 19, 2010). "Geek Power: Steven Levy Revisits Tech Titans, Hackers, Idealists". Wired. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ a b McGirt, Ellen (February 17, 2010). "The World's Most Innovative Companies 2010". Fast Company. Retrieved September 24, 2010. 
^ "The Vanity Fair 100". Vanity Fair. October 2010. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "The Vanity Fair 100". Vanity Fair. September 1, 2010. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg – 50 People who matter 2010". New Statesman. UK. Retrieved September 27, 2010. 
^ "Facebook's Zuckerberg says Steve Jobs advised on company focus, management". Bloomberg. November 7, 2011. Retrieved November 12, 2011. 
^ "Zuckerberg in Moscow to boost Facebook's presence". France24.com. October 1, 2012. Archived from the original on October 3, 2012. 
^ "Russia pushes Facebook to open research center". FoxNews. October 1, 2012. 
^ Delo, Cotton (April 16, 2013). "Facebook Practices What It Preaches for 'Home' Ad Blitz". Ad Age digital. Crain Communications. Retrieved April 18, 2013. 
^ Caitlin Dewey (August 19, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg's Facebook page was hacked by an unemployed web developer". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 19, 2013. 
^ a b Edwards, Victoria (September 21, 2013). "6 Things We Learned From Marissa Mayer and Mark Zuckerberg at TechCrunch Disrupt 2013". TechCrunch. AOL Inc. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ a b Stevenson, Alastair (August 22, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg Creates Tech Justice League to Bring Internet to the Masses". Search Engine Watch. Incisive Media Incisive Interactive Marketing LLC. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^

Samuel Gibbs (February 23, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg goes to Barcelona to make mobile friends". The Guardian. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
Sven Grundberg (January 16, 2014). "Facebook's Zuckerberg to Speak at Mobile World Congress". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
Meyer, David (January 16, 2014). "Facebook's Zuckerberg to headline Mobile World Congress this year". Gigaom. Gigaom, Inc. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 


^ Mark Gregory (February 22, 2014). "Mobile World Congress: What to expect from Barcelona". BBC News. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
^ Alex Hern, Jonathan Kaiman (October 23, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg addresses Chinese university in Mandarin". The Guardian. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Maria Tadeo (December 12, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg Q&A: What we learnt about the Facebook founder". The Independent. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Sam Colt (December 12, 2014). "Facebook May Be Adding a 'Dislike' Button". Inc. Monsueto Ventures. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Kirsch, Noah (December 3, 2016). "Since Trump's Election, Mark Zuckerberg's Net Worth Has Fallen $3.7 Billion". Forbes.com. Retrieved December 4, 2016. 
^ "The top 10 business visionaries creating value for the world". Business Insider. Business Insider Inc. 
^ Martey Dodoo (August 16, 2004). "Wirehog?". Martey Dodoo. 
^ Alan J. Tabak (August 13, 2004). "Zuckerberg Programs New Website". Harvard Crimson. 
^ "80000 developers". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ "The Facebook Blog | Facebook". Blog.facebook.com. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ "2007 Young Innovators Under 35: Mark Zuckerberg, 23". MIT Technology Review. 2007. Retrieved August 14, 2011. 
^ "Meet at the Silicon Valley among the tech leaders and Indian Prime Minister-Narendra Modi". Retrieved October 9, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg supports Digital India". Retrieved October 9, 2015. 
^ Carlson, Nicholas. "In 2004, Mark Zuckerberg Broke Into A Facebook User's Private Email Account". Silicon Alley Insider. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Logged in as click here to log out (February 12, 2009). "Facebook paid up to $65m to founder Mark Zuckerberg's ex-classmates". Guardian. UK. Retrieved August 21, 2009. 
^ McCarthy, Caroline (November 30, 2007). "article about 02138". News.com. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ Hempel, Jessi (July 25, 2009). "The book that Facebook doesn't want you to read". CNN Money. Archived from the original on September 14, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ West, Jackson. "Facebook CEO Named in Pakistan Criminal Investigation". NBC Bay Area. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ "Zuckerberg faces criminal investigation in Pakistan". 
^ Anderson, John (July 29, 2010). "Facebook does not have a like button for Ceglia". WellsvilleDaily.com. Retrieved August 29, 2010. 
^ "Venture beat coverage of Ceglia lawsuit". 
^ "Feds Collar Would-Be Facebook Fraudster". E-Commerce News. October 29, 2012. 
^ "A Dubious Case Found Lawyers Eager to Make Some Money". New York Times. October 29, 2012. 
^ "Paul Ceglia's lawyer drops out of Facebook suit after arrest". San Jose Mercury News. October 30, 2012. 
^ "Israeli minister accused facebook and its founder". Newsweek. Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg is facing claims that Facebook is not helping Israel crack down on terror". Express. Retrieved July 3, 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg has terror victim's 'blood on his hands', Israeli minister says". International Business Times. Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ Mark Zuckerberg hits back at 'misleading' claims he is suing Hawaiian landowners, Wired, January 20, 2017
^ "Facebook's Zuckerberg officially drops Hawaii 'quiet title' actions", Pacific Business News, Feb. 26, 2017
^ Fried, Ina (June 2, 2010). "Zuckerberg in the hot seat at D8". CNET. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ Harlow, John (May 16, 2010). "Movie depicts seamy life of Facebook boss". The Times Online. London. Retrieved July 18, 2010. 
^ Cieply, Michael & Helft, Miguel (August 20, 2010). "Facebook Feels Unfriendly Toward Film It Inspired". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Harris, Mark (September 17, 2010). "Inventing Facebook". New York. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ "The Social Network Filmmakers Thank Zuckerberg During Golden Globes". Techland. Time. January 17, 2011. 
^ "Last Night, Aaron Sorkin Demonstrated How to Apologize Without Accepting Responsibility". NYMag. January 17, 2011. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Meets Jesse Eisenberg on Saturday Night Live". People. January 30, 2011. Retrieved January 30, 2011. 
^ "Jesse Eisenberg meets the real Mark Zuckerberg on SNL". Digital Trends. January 31, 2011. 
^ "Jesse Eisenberg Calls Mark Zuckerberg "Sweet" and "Generous" in His Funny Oscar Nominees Lunch Interview" Popsugar, February 7, 2011
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Meets Jesse Eisenberg On The 'Saturday Night Live' Stage" NPR, January 30, 2011
^ a b c Rohrer, Finlo. "Is the Facebook movie the truth about Mark Zuckerberg" BBC, September 30, 2010
^ "The Facebook Effect: The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World", release date February 1, 2011
^ "Facebook Creator Mark Zuckerberg to Get Yellow on The Simpsons". New York. July 21, 2010. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Griggs, Brandon (October 11, 2010). "Facebook, Zuckerberg spoofed on 'SNL'". CNN. Retrieved October 11, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg ‘Liked’ SNL’s Facebook Skit". New York. October 12, 2010. Retrieved January 28, 2011. 
^ Lerer, Lisa & McMillan, Traci (October 30, 2010). "Comedy Central's Stewart Says Press, Politicians Are Creating Extremism". Bloomberg. Retrieved November 4, 2010. 
^ Nina Metz Chicago Closeup 9:00 a.m. CDT, July 18, 2013 (July 18, 2013). "Terms and Conditions May Apply". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved May 25, 2014. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "'Terms and Conditions May Apply' Details Digital-Age Loss of Privacy". New York Times. Retrieved May 25, 2014.  (paid)
^ Hoback, Cullen. "Our data is our digital identity - and we need to reclaim control | Technology". theguardian.com. Retrieved May 25, 2014. 
^ "Mayor Says Newark Is 40% There in Matching Facebook Founder's Grant". The Chronicle of Philanthropy. September 27, 2010. 
^ Ng, Philiana (September 24, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg: 'The Social Network' is 'fun'". The Hollywood Reporter. 
^ Tracy, Ryan (November 23, 2010). "Can Mark Zuckerberg's Money Save Newark's Schools?". Newsweek. 
^ Reidel, David (September 22, 2010). "Facebook CEO to Gift $100M to Newark Schools". CBS News.com. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg's Well-Timed $100 million Donation to Newark Public Schools". New York Magazine. September 22, 2010. Retrieved September 28, 2010. 
^ a b Isaac, Mike (September 24, 2010). "Zuckerberg Pressured To Announce $100 million Donation To Newark". Forbes. Retrieved Sep 28, 2010. 
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mark-zuckerbergs-100-million-donation-155608055.html
^ https://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/23/books/review/the-prize-by-dale-russakoff.html
^

Gonzales, Sandra (December 8, 2010). "Zuckerberg to donate wealth". San Jose Mercury News. 
"US billionaires pledge 50% of their wealth to charity". BBC. August 4, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
Moss, Rosabeth (December 14, 2010). "Four Strategic Generosity Lessons". Business Week. Retrieved March 9, 2011. 


^

Bailey, Brandon (December 19, 2013). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg makes $1 billion donation". San Jose Mercury News. Retrieved December 20, 2013. 
Sparkes, Matthew (December 19, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg donates $1bn to charity". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved December 20, 2013. 
Wagner, Kurt (January 3, 2014). "Zuckerberg's Other Billion-Dollar Idea: 2013's Biggest Charitable Gift". Mashable. Mashable. Retrieved January 3, 2014. 


^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg biggest giver in 2013". USA Today. February 10, 2014. 
^ Phillip, Abby (October 14, 2014). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and wife Priscilla Chan donate $25 million to Ebola fight". The Washington Post. Retrieved October 25, 2014. 
^ Kroll, Luisa (October 14, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg Is Giving $25 Million To Fight Ebola". Forbes. Retrieved October 25, 2014. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Vows to Donate 99% of His Facebook Shares for Charity". The New York Times. December 1, 2015. 
^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg to give away 99% of shares". BBC News Online. December 1, 2015. Retrieved December 1, 2015. 
^ "How Mark Zuckerberg’s Altruism Helps Himself". The New York Times. December 3, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg and the Rise of Philanthrocapitalism". The New Yorker. December 2, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg’s Philanthropy Uses L.L.C. for More Control". The New York Times. December 2, 2015. 
^ "Why Mark Zuckerberg's huge new donation is going to an LLC rather than a charity". Vox. December 2, 2015. 
^ givingpledge.org/
^ Katharine Mieszkowski  (April 19, 2011). "President Obama's Facebook appearance aimed at young voters; Bay Area visit targets big donors". The Bay Citizen. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ David Cohen (February 14, 2013). "Protestors Target Mark Zuckerberg’s Fundraiser For N.J. Gov. Chris Christie". AllFacebook. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ Ben Branstetter (October 21, 2013). "Conservatives including Mark Zuckerberg, Grover Norquist urge House to pass immigration reform". UPI. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ "Why Mark Zuckerberg is a conservative (and why that matters)". The Daily Dot. October 30, 2013. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ "2013: Year of the Liberal Billionaires". Politico. November 1, 2013. 
^ Julia Boorstin (February 13, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg 'Likes' Governor Chris Christie". CNBC. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Kate Zernike (January 24, 2013). "Facebook Chief to Hold Fund-Raiser for Christie". The New York Times. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Young, Elise (June 8, 2013). "Zuckerberg Plans Fundraiser for Cory Booker’s Senate Run". Bloomberg. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ Christine Richard, "Ackman Cash for Booker Brings $240 Million Aid From Wall Street", Bloomberg, October 28, 2010
^ "Education". Silicon valley Community Foundation. 
^ Cassidy, Mike (February 15, 2013). "Cassidy: Silicon Valley needs to harness its innovative spirit to level the playing field for blacks and Hispanics". The Mercury News. Retrieved April 23, 2013. 
^ Constine, Josh (April 11, 2013). "Zuckerberg And A Team Of Tech All-Stars Launch Political Advocacy Group FWD.us". TechCrunch. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Ferenstein, Gregory (April 11, 2013). "Zuckerberg Launches A Tech Lobby, But What Will It Do Differently?". TechCrunch. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Malik, Om (April 11, 2013). "Why I have issues with Mark Zuckerberg’s FWD.us". Gigaom. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Brian, Matt (April 11, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg launches FWD.us with notable Silicon Valley execs in fight for immigration reform". The Verge. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (April 11, 2013). "Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg: Immigration and the knowledge economy". The Washington Post. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ "About Us". FWD.us. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Handley, Meg (April 30, 2013). "Facebook's Zuckerberg Takes Heat Over Keystone, Drilling Ads". U.S. News & World Report. Archived from the original on May 3, 2013. Retrieved May 3, 2013. 
^ Weiner, Rachel. "Liberal groups boycotting Facebook over immigration push". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 7, 2013. 
^ Constine, Josh (June 20, 2013). "Zuckerberg Replies To His Facebook Commenters’ Questions On Immigration". TechCrunch. Aol Tech. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Gallagher, Billy (June 30, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg ‘Likes’ SF LGBT Pride As Tech Companies Publicly Celebrate Equal Rights". TechCrunch. AOL Inc. Retrieved July 2, 2013. 
^ Evelyn M. Rusli (June 30, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg Leads 700 Facebook Employees in SF Gay Pride". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved July 2, 2013. 
^ Emery, Debbie (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Vows to ‘Fight to Protect’ Muslim Rights on Facebook". TheWrap. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ White, Daniel (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Offers Support to Muslims in Facebook Post". Time Magazine. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Griffin, Andrew (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg speaks in support of Muslims after week of ‘hate’". The Guardian. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Cenk Uygur (December 10, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Stands With Muslims". The Young Turks. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Zuckerberg Invokes Jewish Heritage in Facebook Post Supporting Muslims". Haaretz. December 10, 2015. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Tait, Robert (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg voices support for Muslims amid Donald Trump ban row". The Daily Telegraph. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ a b King, Shaun (February 25, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg forced to address racism among Facebook staff after vandals target Black Lives Matter phrases". New York Daily News. Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ Jessica, Guynn (February 25, 2016). "Zuckerberg reprimands Facebook staff defacing 'Black Lives Matter' slogan". USA Today. Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ Snyder, Benjamin (February 25, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Takes Facebook Workers to Task Over "All Lives Matter" Graffiti". Fortune (magazine). Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ theguardian.com 28 January 2017: Mark Zuckerberg challenges Trump on immigration and 'extreme vetting' order
^ O'Connor, Clare (May 20, 2012), Mark Zuckerberg's Wife Priscilla Chan: A New Brand of Billionaire Bride, Forbes, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ Status Update: Mark Zuckerberg is married to Priscilla Chan, Techstroke, May 20, 2012, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ "White Coats on a Rainbow of Students", Spotlight, UCSF School of Medicine. Cf. Priscilla Chan, 23.
^ Spiegel, Rob (December 20, 2010). "Zuckerberg Goes Searching in China". 
^ "Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg learn chinese every morning". ChineseTime.cn. September 29, 2010. 
^ Stein, Joel. "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries sweetheart". Retrieved May 19, 2012. 
^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries Priscilla Chan". cbsnews.com. Retrieved May 20, 2012. 
^ Wohlsen, Marcus (May 19, 2012). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries longtime girlfriend, Priscilla Chan: Palo Alto, Calif., ceremony caps busy week after company goes public". msnbc.com. Associated Press. Retrieved May 20, 2012. 
^ "Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg to become a father". BBC News. BBC. July 31, 2015. Retrieved August 1, 2015. 
^ "The Switch Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan to give away 99 percent of their Facebook stock, worth $45 billion". 
^ "A letter to our daughter". www.facebook.com. Retrieved December 1, 2015. 
^ Kell, John (February 8, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Reveals Daughter's Chinese Name". Fortune.com. Retrieved February 29, 2016. In a pretty adorable video shared by the tech executive over the weekend, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan said their daughter Max's Chinese name is Chen Mingyu. 
^ Heath, Alex (March 9, 2017). "Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan are expecting another baby". Business Insider. Retrieved March 9, 2017. 
^ Vara, Vauhini (November 28, 2007). "Just How Much Do We Want to Share On Social Networks?". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ Daniel Alef (October 17, 2010). Mark Zuckerberg: The Face Behind Facebook and Social Networking. Titans of Fortune Publishing. ISBN 9781608043118. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ a b Julie Zauzmer (December 30, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg says he’s no longer an atheist, believes ‘religion is very important’". The Washington Post. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ "Facebook Is Injecting Buddhism Into Its Core Business So It Can Be More Compassionate". Retrieved June 25, 2013. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg says "Buddhism is an amazing religion". Retrieved October 27, 2015. 
^ Zauzmer, Julie (29 August 2016). "Pope Francis and Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg had a meeting today - The Washington Post". The Washington Post. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Fox, Emily Jane (29 August 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Gives the Pope an Unusual Gift". Vanity Fair. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Esteves, Junno Arocho (29 August 2016). "Pope meets with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg". America. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Bailey, Sarah Pulliam (25 May 2017). "Mark Zuckerberg shares the prayer he says to his daughter every night -". The Washington Post. Retrieved 6 June 2017. Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg gave the commencement address at Harvard University on Thursday, closing his speech by sharing a Jewish prayer called the “Mi Shebeirach,” which he said he recites whenever he faces a big challenge and which he sings to his daughter, thinking of her future, when he tucks her in at night. 
^ Hallowell, Billy (26 May 2017). "After Abandoning Atheism, Facebook Founder Mark Zuckerberg Reveals the Prayer He Sings to His Daughter Every Night Before Bed". Faithwire. Retrieved 6 June 2017. It was during Zuckerberg’s commencement address at Harvard University that he shared a Jewish prayer called the “Mi Shebeirach”— an invocation that he said he recites as he copes with major challenges in life and also when he tucks his child in at night, the Washington Post reported. 


External links



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Mark Zuckerberg





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Mark Zuckerberg.



Mark Zuckerberg on Facebook 
Mark Zuckerberg on IMDb 







v
t
e


Facebook



Website



Features
Beacon
Graph Search
EdgeRank
Platform
Payments
Facebook like button
Facebookcorewwwi.onion
Facebook Live
Facebook Zero
Facebook Stories





Other
products




Current



Instagram

followed users
liked pictures


Messenger
M (virtual assistant)
MSQRD
Oculus Rift
WhatsApp
Workplace





Former



Camera
FriendFeed
Home

HTC First


Paper
Poke (app)
Riff
Slingshot
Wirehog








People




Founders



Mark Zuckerberg (28% equity)
Dustin Moskovitz (7%)
Eduardo Saverin (5%, formerly)
Chris Hughes (1%, formerly)
Andrew McCollum





Board



Mark Zuckerberg
Jim Breyer (11%)
Peter Thiel (2%)
Sheryl Sandberg
Marc Andreessen
Erskine Bowles
Susan Desmond-Hellmann
Donald E. Graham
Reed Hastings





Executive
officers




Current



Mark Zuckerberg (Chairman and CEO)
Sheryl Sandberg (COO)
David Wehner (CFO)
Mike Schroepfer (CTO)





Former



Sean Parker (4%, formerly)
Owen Van Natta
Gideon Yu
Adam D'Angelo
Chris Kelly
Bret Taylor
David Ebersman








Notable
employees




Current



Chris Cox (VP of Product)
Elliot Schrage (VP of Global Communications, Marketing and Public Policy)
Lars Rasmussen (Graph Search director)
John Carmack (CTO of Oculus VR)
Hugo Barra (VP of Oculus VR)
Naomi Gleit (VP of social good)





Former



Blake Ross (Director of Product)
Ted Ullyot (VP, General Counsel, and Secretary)
Matt Cohler
Charlie Cheever
Randi Zuckerberg
Yishan Wong
George Hotz
Joe Lockhart
Andrei Alexandrescu (research scientist)











Open source



Apache Cassandra
Apache Hive
Apache Thrift
FQL
Hack
HipHop for PHP
Phabricator
React
Scribe
Open Compute Project





Mass media



The Facebook Effect
The Accidental Billionaires
The Social Network





Concepts



Activity stream
Social graph
Friending and following
Reblogging
Fan-gating
Facebook diplomacy
Facebook like button





Business



History
Timeline
Acquisitions
f8 conference
IPO
Censorship
Criticism
Litigation





Divisions



Facebook AI Research
Facebook Creative Labs





Related



Priscilla Chan (wife of Mark Zuckerberg)
Chan Zuckerberg Initiative












v
t
e


Time Persons of the Year (2001–present)






Rudolph Giuliani (2001)
The Whistleblowers: Cynthia Cooper / Coleen Rowley / Sherron Watkins (2002)
The American Soldier (2003)
George W. Bush (2004)
The Good Samaritans: Bono / Bill Gates / Melinda Gates (2005)
You (2006)
Vladimir Putin (2007)
Barack Obama (2008)
Ben Bernanke (2009)
Mark Zuckerberg (2010)
The Protestor (2011)
Barack Obama (2012)
Pope Francis (2013)
Ebola Fighters: Dr. Jerry Brown / Dr. Kent Brantly / Ella Watson-Stryker / Foday Gollah / Salome Karmah (2014)
Angela Merkel (2015)
Donald Trump (2016)








Complete roster
1927–1950
1951–1975
1976–2000
2001–present












v
t
e


The World's Billionaires – Top ten richest people in the world as of 20 April 2017






 Bill Gates ($86.0B, United States)
 Warren Buffett ($75.6B, United States)
 Jeff Bezos ($72.8B, United States)
 Amancio Ortega ($71.3B, Spain)
 Mark Zuckerberg ($56.0B, United States)
 Carlos Slim ($54.5B, Mexico)
 Larry Ellison ($52.2B, United States)
 Charles Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 David Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 Michael Bloomberg ($47.5B, United States)












v
t
e


Wealthiest people in the United States by state







AL
Jimmy Rane


AK
Leonard Hyde and Jonathan Rubini


AZ
Bruce Halle


AR
Jim Walton


CA
Mark Zuckerberg


CO
Charlie Ergen


CT
Ray Dalio


DE
Robert W. Gore and Elizabeth Snyder


FL
Thomas Peterffy


GA
Jim Kennedy


HI
Pierre Omidyar


ID
Frank L. VanderSloot


IL
Kenneth C. Griffin


IN
Carl Cook


IA
Harry Stine


KS
Charles Koch


KY
B. Wayne Hughes


LA
Tom Benson


ME
Bill and Susan Alfond


MD
Ted Lerner


MA
Abigail Johnson


MI
Dan Gilbert


MN
Whitney MacMillan


MS
Leslie Lampton


MO
Stan Kroenke


MT
Dennis Washington


NE
Warren Buffett


NV
Sheldon Adelson


NH
Andrea Reimann-Ciardelli


NJ
Donald Newhouse


NM
Mack C. Chase


NY
Michael Bloomberg


NC
James Goodnight


ND
Gary Tharaldson


OH
Les Wexner


OK
Harold Hamm


OR
Phil Knight


PA
Mary Alice Dorrance Malone


RI
Jonathan M. Nelson


SC
Anita Zucker


SD
T. Denny Sanford


TN
Thomas F. Frist Jr.


TX
Alice Walton


UT
Gail Miller


VT
John Abele


VA
Jacqueline Mars


WA
Bill Gates


WV
Jim Justice


WI
John Menard Jr.


WY
John Mars









Biography portal
Internet portal
United States portal





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 101338851
LCCN: n2009022154
ISNI: 0000 0001 1478 8765
GND: 139618171
SUDOC: 143320165
BNF: cb16182911f (data)
BIBSYS: 10033777
NDL: 01235319










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mark_Zuckerberg&oldid=792644760"					
Categories: 1984 births21st-century American businesspeopleAmerican billionairesAmerican chairmen of corporationsAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican computer programmersAmerican Internet celebritiesAmerican JewsAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican technology company foundersBusinesspeople from New YorkBusinesspeople from the San Francisco Bay AreaDirectors of FacebookFacebook employeesLiving peopleNerd culturePeople from Dobbs Ferry, New YorkPeople from Palo Alto, CaliforniaPeople from White Plains, New YorkPhillips Exeter Academy alumniPeople with color blindnessLife extensionistsGiving PledgersHidden categories: CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected biographies of living peopleUse American English from March 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from October 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2017Articles with unsourced statements from February 2016Wikipedia articles needing clarification from May 2014Articles containing Chinese-language textWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with BIBSYS identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎BislamaБългарскиBoarischBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalegoગુજરાતી한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡKapampanganქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliKurdîКыргызчаLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiमराठीმარგალურიمصرىBahasa MelayuМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanଓଡ଼ିଆOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیភាសាខ្មែរPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitతెలుగుTetunไทยТоҷикӣTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray粵語Zazaki中文डोटेली 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 19:09.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Mark Zuckerberg - Wikipedia




















 







Mark Zuckerberg

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Marc Zuckerberg)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Zuckerberg" redirects here. For other people with the surname, see Zuckerberg (name).


Mark Zuckerberg



Zuckerberg in 2014



Born
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg
(1984-05-14) May 14, 1984 (age 33)[1]
White Plains, New York, U.S.


Residence
Palo Alto, California, U.S.


Occupation
Computer programmer, Internet entrepreneur


Years active
2004–present


Known for
Co-founder of Facebook


Home town
Dobbs Ferry, New York, U.S.


Salary
One-dollar salary[2]


Net worth
US$63.7 billion (June 2017)[3]


Title
Chairman and CEO of Facebook


Spouse(s)
Priscilla Chan (m. 2012)


Children
1


Relatives
Randi Zuckerberg (sister)


Website
facebook.com/zuck


Signature





Mark Elliot Zuckerberg (born May 14, 1984) is an American computer programmer and Internet entrepreneur. He is a co-founder of Facebook, and currently operates as its chairman and chief executive officer.[4][5] His net worth is estimated to be US$63.3 billion as of May 2017, and he is ranked by Forbes as the fifth richest person in the world.[6][7]
Zuckerberg launched Facebook from his Harvard University dormitory room on February 4, 2004. He was assisted by his college roommates and fellow Harvard students Eduardo Saverin, Andrew McCollum, Dustin Moskovitz, and Chris Hughes.[8] The group then introduced Facebook to other college campuses. Facebook expanded rapidly, reaching one billion users by 2012. Meanwhile, Zuckerberg was involved in various legal disputes brought by others in the group, who claimed a share of the company based upon their involvement during the development phase of Facebook.
In December 2012, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan announced that over the course of their lives they would give the majority of their wealth to "advancing human potential and promoting equality" in the spirit of The Giving Pledge.[9] On December 1, 2015, they announced they would eventually give 99 percent of their Facebook shares (worth about US$45 billion at the time) to the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative.[10][11]
Since 2010, Time magazine has named Zuckerberg among the 100 wealthiest and most influential people in the world as a part of its Person of the Year award.[12][13][14] In December 2016, Zuckerberg was ranked 10th on Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[15]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Software developer

2.1 Early years
2.2 College years


3 Career

3.1 Facebook
3.2 Wirehog
3.3 Platform, Beacon, and Connect
3.4 Internet.org
3.5 Legal controversies

3.5.1 ConnectU lawsuits
3.5.2 Saverin lawsuit
3.5.3 Pakistan criminal investigation
3.5.4 Paul Ceglia
3.5.5 Palestinian terror attacks
3.5.6 Hawaiian land ownership




4 Depictions in media

4.1 The Social Network

4.1.1 Disputed accuracy


4.2 Other depictions


5 Philanthropy
6 Politics
7 Personal life
8 See also
9 References
10 External links



Early life

External video




 Mark Zuckerberg's career in 90 seconds, The Daily Telegraph[16]


Zuckerberg was born in 1984 in White Plains, New York.[17] He is the son of Karen (née Kempner), a psychiatrist, and Edward Zuckerberg, a dentist.[18] His ancestors came from Germany, Austria and Poland.[19] He and his three sisters, Randi, Donna, and Arielle, were brought up in Dobbs Ferry, New York, a small Westchester County village about 21 miles north of Midtown Manhattan.[20] Zuckerberg was raised Jewish and had his Bar Mitzvah when he turned 13.[21]
At Ardsley High School, Zuckerberg excelled in classes. He transferred to the exclusive private school Phillips Exeter Academy, in New Hampshire, in his junior year, where he won prizes in science (math, astronomy, and physics) and classical studies. In his youth, he also attended the Johns Hopkins Center for Talented Youth summer camp. On his college application, Zuckerberg claimed that he could read and write French, Hebrew, Latin, and ancient Greek. He was captain of the fencing team.[22][23][24]
Software developer
Early years
Zuckerberg began using computers and writing software in middle school. His father taught him Atari BASIC Programming in the 1990s, and later hired software developer David Newman to tutor him privately. Newman calls him a "prodigy", adding that it was "tough to stay ahead of him". Zuckerberg took a graduate course in the subject at Mercy College near his home while still in high school. He enjoyed developing computer programs, especially communication tools and games. In one program, since his father's dental practice was operated from their home, he built a software program he called "ZuckNet" that allowed all the computers between the house and dental office to communicate with each other. It is considered a "primitive" version of AOL's Instant Messenger, which came out the following year.[25][26]
According to writer Jose Antonio Vargas, "some kids played computer games. Mark created them." Zuckerberg himself recalls this period: "I had a bunch of friends who were artists. They'd come over, draw stuff, and I'd build a game out of it." However, notes Vargas, Zuckerberg was not a typical "geek-klutz", as he later became captain of his prep school fencing team and earned a classics diploma. Napster co-founder Sean Parker, a close friend, notes that Zuckerberg was "really into Greek odysseys and all that stuff", recalling how he once quoted lines from the Roman epic poem Aeneid, by Virgil, during a Facebook product conference.[20]
During Zuckerberg's high school years, he worked under the company name Intelligent Media Group to build a music player called the Synapse Media Player. The device used machine learning to learn the user's listening habits, which was posted to Slashdot[27] and received a rating of 3 out of 5 from PC Magazine.[28]
College years
Vargas noted that by the time Zuckerberg began classes at Harvard, he had already achieved a "reputation as a programming prodigy". He studied psychology and computer science and belonged to Alpha Epsilon Pi and Kirkland House.[12][20][29] In his sophomore year, he wrote a program that he called CourseMatch, which allowed users to make class selection decisions based on the choices of other students and also to help them form study groups. A short time later, he created a different program he initially called Facemash that let students select the best looking person from a choice of photos. According to Arie Hasit, Zuckerberg's roommate at the time, "he built the site for fun". Hasit explains:

We had books called Face Books, which included the names and pictures of everyone who lived in the student dorms. At first, he built a site and placed two pictures, or pictures of two males and two females. Visitors to the site had to choose who was "hotter" and according to the votes there would be a ranking.[30]

The site went up over a weekend, but by Monday morning, the college shut it down, because its popularity had overwhelmed one of Harvard's network switches and prevented students from accessing the Internet. In addition, many students complained that their photos were being used without permission. Zuckerberg apologized publicly, and the student paper ran articles stating that his site was "completely improper."[30]
The following semester, in January 2004, Zuckerberg began writing code for a new Web site.[31] On February 4, 2004, Zuckerberg launched "Thefacebook", originally located at thefacebook.com.[32]
Six days after the site launched, three Harvard seniors, Cameron Winklevoss, Tyler Winklevoss, and Divya Narendra, accused Zuckerberg of intentionally misleading them into believing he would help them build a social network called HarvardConnection.com, while he was instead using their ideas to build a competing product.[33] The three complained to The Harvard Crimson, and the newspaper began an investigation in response.[citation needed]
Following the official launch of the Facebook social media platform, the three filed a lawsuit against Zuckerberg that resulted in a settlement.[34] The agreed settlement was for 1.2 million Facebook shares that were worth US$300 million at Facebook's IPO.[35]
Zuckerberg dropped out of Harvard in his sophomore year to complete his project.[36] In January 2014, he recalled:

I remember really vividly, you know, having pizza with my friends a day or two after—I opened up the first version of Facebook at the time I thought, "You know, someone needs to build a service like this for the world." But I just never thought that we'd be the ones to help do it. And I think a lot of what it comes down to is we just cared more.[37]

Zuckerberg later received an honorary degree from Harvard on 28 May 2017.[38][39]
Career




Zuckerberg listening to President Barack Obama before a private meeting where Obama dined with technology business leaders in Woodside, California, February 17, 2011.


Facebook
Main articles: Facebook and History of Facebook
On February 4, 2004, Zuckerberg launched Facebook from his Harvard dormitory room.[40][41] An earlier inspiration for Facebook may have come from Phillips Exeter Academy, the prep school from which Zuckerberg graduated in 2002. It published its own student directory, "The Photo Address Book", which students referred to as "The Facebook". Such photo directories were an important part of the student social experience at many private schools. With them, students were able to list attributes such as their class years, their friends, and their telephone numbers.[40]
Once at college, Zuckerberg's Facebook started off as just a "Harvard thing" until Zuckerberg decided to spread it to other schools, enlisting the help of roommate Dustin Moskovitz. They began with Columbia University, New York University, Stanford, Dartmouth, Cornell, University of Pennsylvania, Brown, and Yale.[42] Samyr Laine, a triple jumper representing Haiti at the 2012 Summer Olympics, shared a room with Zuckerberg during Facebook's founding. "Mark was clearly on to great things," said Laine, who was Facebook's fourteenth user.[43]
Zuckerberg, Moskovitz and some friends moved to Palo Alto, California in Silicon Valley where they leased a small house that served as an office. Over the summer, Zuckerberg met Peter Thiel, who invested in the company. They got their first office in mid-2004. According to Zuckerberg, the group planned to return to Harvard, but eventually decided to remain in California.[44][45] They had already turned down offers by major corporations to buy the company. In an interview in 2007, Zuckerberg explained his reasoning: "It's not because of the amount of money. For me and my colleagues, the most important thing is that we create an open information flow for people. Having media corporations owned by conglomerates is just not an attractive idea to me."[41]
He restated these goals to Wired magazine in 2010: "The thing I really care about is the mission, making the world open."[46] Earlier, in April 2009, Zuckerberg sought the advice of former Netscape CFO Peter Currie about financing strategies for Facebook.[47] On July 21, 2010, Zuckerberg reported that the company reached the 500 million-user mark.[48] When asked whether Facebook could earn more income from advertising as a result of its phenomenal growth, he explained:

I guess we could ... If you look at how much of our page is taken up with ads compared to the average search query. The average for us is a little less than 10 percent of the pages and the average for search is about 20 percent taken up with ads ... That's the simplest thing we could do. But we aren't like that. We make enough money. Right, I mean, we are keeping things running; we are growing at the rate we want to.[46]

In 2010, Steven Levy, who wrote the 1984 book Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution, wrote that Zuckerberg "clearly thinks of himself as a hacker". Zuckerberg said that "it's OK to break things" "to make them better".[49][50] Facebook instituted "hackathons" held every six to eight weeks where participants would have one night to conceive of and complete a project.[49] The company provided music, food, and beer at the hackathons, and many Facebook staff members, including Zuckerberg, regularly attended.[50] "The idea is that you can build something really good in a night", Zuckerberg told Levy. "And that's part of the personality of Facebook now ... It's definitely very core to my personality."[49]
Vanity Fair magazine named Zuckerberg number 1 on its 2010 list of the Top 100 "most influential people of the Information Age".[51] Zuckerberg ranked number 23 on the Vanity Fair 100 list in 2009.[52] In 2010, Zuckerberg was chosen as number 16 in New Statesman's annual survey of the world's 50 most influential figures.[53]
In a 2011 interview with PBS shortly after the death of Steve Jobs, Zuckerberg said that Jobs had advised him on how to create a management team at Facebook that was "focused on building as high quality and good things as you are".[54]
On October 1, 2012, Zuckerberg visited Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev in Moscow to stimulate social media innovation in Russia and to boost Facebook's position in the Russian market.[55] Russia's communications minister tweeted that Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev urged the social media giant's founder to abandon plans to lure away Russian programmers and instead consider opening a research center in Moscow. In 2012, Facebook had roughly 9 million users in Russia, while domestic clone VK had around 34 million.[56] Rebecca Van Dyck, Facebook's head of consumer marketing, claimed that 85 million American Facebook users were exposed to the first day of the Home promotional campaign on April 6, 2013.[57]
On August 19, 2013, The Washington Post reported that Zuckerberg's Facebook profile was hacked by an unemployed web developer.[58]
At the 2013 TechCrunch Disrupt conference, held in September, Zuckerberg stated that he is working towards registering the 5 billion humans who were not connected to the Internet as of the conference on Facebook. Zuckerberg then explained that this is intertwined with the aim of the Internet.org project, whereby Facebook, with the support of other technology companies, seeks to increase the number of people connected to the internet.[59][60]
Zuckerberg was the keynote speaker at the 2014 Mobile World Congress (MWC), held in Barcelona, Spain, in March 2014, which was attended by 75,000 delegates. Various media sources highlighted the connection between Facebook's focus on mobile technology and Zuckerberg's speech, claiming that mobile represents the future of the company.[61] Zuckerberg's speech expands upon the goal that he raised at the TechCrunch conference in September 2013, whereby he is working towards expanding Internet coverage into developing countries.[62]
Alongside other American technology figures like Jeff Bezos and Tim Cook, Zuckerberg hosted visiting Chinese politician Lu Wei, known as the "Internet czar" for his influence in the enforcement of China's online policy, at Facebook's headquarters on December 8, 2014. The meeting occurred after Zuckerberg participated in a Q&A session at Tsinghua University in Beijing, China, on October 23, 2014, where he attempted to converse in Mandarin Chinese; although Facebook is banned in China, Zuckerberg is highly regarded among the people and was at the university to help fuel the nation's burgeoning entrepreneur sector.[63]
Zuckerberg fielded questions during a live Q&A session at the company's headquarters in Menlo Park on December 11, 2014. The founder and CEO explained that he does not believe Facebook is a waste of time, because it facilitates social engagement, and participating in a public session was so that he could "learn how to better serve the community".[64][65]
Zuckerberg receives a one-dollar salary as CEO of Facebook.[2] On December 3, 2016, Forbes reported Facebook shares had declined 7% since November 8, 2016, reducing Zuckerberg's net worth by $3.7 billion.[66] In June 2016, Business Insider named Zuckerberg one of the "Top 10 Business Visionaries Creating Value for the World" along with Elon Musk and Sal Khan, due to the fact that he and his wife "pledged to give away 99% of their wealth — which is estimated at over $52.1 billion."[67]
Wirehog
Main article: Wirehog
A month after Zuckerberg launched Facebook in February 2004, i2hub, another campus-only service, created by Wayne Chang, was launched. i2hub focused on peer-to-peer file sharing. At the time, both i2hub and Facebook were gaining the attention of the press and growing rapidly in users and publicity. In August 2004, Zuckerberg, Andrew McCollum, Adam D'Angelo, and Sean Parker launched a competing peer-to-peer file sharing service called Wirehog, a precursor to Facebook Platform applications.[68][69]
Platform, Beacon, and Connect




Zuckerberg at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland (January 2009).


On May 24, 2007, Zuckerberg announced Facebook Platform, a development platform for programmers to create social applications within Facebook. Within weeks, many applications had been built and some already had millions of users. It grew to more than 800,000 developers around the world building applications for Facebook Platform.[70]
On November 6, 2007, Zuckerberg announced Beacon, a social advertising system that enabled people to share information with their Facebook friends based on their browsing activities on other sites. For example, eBay sellers could let friends know automatically what they have for sale via the Facebook news feed as they listed items for sale. The program came under scrutiny because of privacy concerns from groups and individual users. Zuckerberg and Facebook failed to respond to the concerns quickly, and on December 5, 2007, Zuckerberg wrote a blog post on Facebook,[71] taking responsibility for the concerns about Beacon and offering an easier way for users to opt out of the service.
In 2007, Zuckerberg was added to MIT Technology Review's TR35 list as one of the top 35 innovators in the world under the age of 35.[72] On July 23, 2008, Zuckerberg announced Facebook Connect, a version of Facebook Platform for users.[citation needed]
Internet.org
In a public Facebook post, Zuckerberg launched the Internet.org project in late August 2013. Zuckerberg explained that the primary aim of the initiative is to provide Internet access to the 5 billion people who are not connected as of the launch date. Using a three-tier strategy, Internet.org will also create new jobs and open up new markets, according to Zuckerberg. He stated in his post:

The world economy is going through a massive transition right now. The knowledge economy is the future. By bringing everyone online, we'll not only improve billions of lives, but we'll also improve our own as we benefit from the ideas and productivity they contribute to the world. Giving everyone the opportunity to connect is the foundation for enabling the knowledge economy. It is not the only thing we need to do, but it's a fundamental and necessary step.[60]

To stay proven on the efforts of bringing in the concept of net neutrality, Mark Zuckerberg met Narendra Modi, Satya Nadella and Sundar Pichai at the Silicon Valley, to discuss on how to effectively establish affordable internet access to the less developed countries.[73] As a token of initiation, Mark Zuckerberg changed his Facebook profile picture to extend his support to the Digital India to help the rural communities to stay connected to the internet.[74]
Legal controversies
Main article: Criticism of Facebook
ConnectU lawsuits
Main article: ConnectU
Harvard students Cameron Winklevoss, Tyler Winklevoss, and Divya Narendra accused Zuckerberg of intentionally making them believe he would help them build a social network called HarvardConnection.com (later called ConnectU).[75] They filed a lawsuit in 2004, but it was dismissed on a technicality on March 28, 2007. It was refiled soon thereafter in federal court in Boston. Facebook countersued in regards to Social Butterfly, a project put out by The Winklevoss Chang Group, an alleged partnership between ConnectU and i2hub. On June 25, 2008, the case settled and Facebook agreed to transfer over 1.2 million common shares and pay $20 million in cash.[76]
In November 2007, confidential court documents were posted on the website of 02138, a magazine that catered to Harvard alumni. They included Zuckerberg's Social Security number, his parents' home address, and his girlfriend's address. Facebook filed to have the documents removed, but the judge ruled in favor of 02138.[77]
Saverin lawsuit
A lawsuit filed by Eduardo Saverin against Facebook and Zuckerberg was settled out of court. Though terms of the settlement were sealed, the company affirmed Saverin's title as co-founder of Facebook. Saverin signed a non-disclosure contract after the settlement.[78]
Pakistan criminal investigation
In June 2010, Pakistani Deputy Attorney General Muhammad Azhar Sidiqque launched a criminal investigation into Zuckerberg and Facebook co-founders Dustin Moskovitz and Chris Hughes after a "Draw Muhammad" contest was hosted on Facebook. The investigation named the anonymous German woman who created the contest. Sidiqque asked the country's police to contact Interpol to have Zuckerberg and the three others arrested for blasphemy. On May 19, 2010, Facebook's website was temporarily blocked in Pakistan until Facebook removed the contest from its website at the end of May. Sidiqque also asked its UN representative to raise the issue with the United Nations General Assembly.[79][80]
Paul Ceglia
Main article: Paul Ceglia
In June 2010, Paul Ceglia, the owner of a wood pellet fuel company in Allegany County, upstate New York, filed suit against Zuckerberg, claiming 84 percent ownership of Facebook and seeking monetary damages. According to Ceglia, he and Zuckerberg signed a contract on April 28, 2003, that an initial fee of $1,000 entitled Ceglia to 50% of the website's revenue, as well as an additional 1% interest in the business per day after January 1, 2004, until website completion. Zuckerberg was developing other projects at the time, among which was Facemash, the predecessor of Facebook, but did not register the domain name thefacebook.com until January 1, 2004. Facebook management dismissed the lawsuit as "completely frivolous". Facebook spokesman Barry Schnitt told a reporter that Ceglia's counsel had unsuccessfully sought an out-of-court settlement.[81][82]
On October 26, 2012, federal authorities arrested Ceglia, charging him with mail and wire fraud and of "tampering with, destroying and fabricating evidence in a scheme to defraud the Facebook founder of billions of dollars." Ceglia is accused of fabricating emails to make it appear that he and Zuckerberg discussed details about an early version of Facebook, although after examining their emails, investigators found there was no mention of Facebook in them.[83] Some law firms withdrew from the case before it was initiated and others after Ceglia's arrest.[84][85]
Palestinian terror attacks
On July 2, 2016, Israeli cabinet minister Gilad Erdan accused Zuckerberg of having some responsibility for deadly attacks by Palestinians against Israelis.[86] According to him, the social network was not doing enough to ban posts to its platform that incite violence against Israelis.[87] "Some of the victims' blood is on Zuckerberg's hands", Erdan said.[88]
Hawaiian land ownership
In January 2017, Zuckerberg filed eight "quiet title and partition" lawsuits against hundreds of native Hawaiians to get them to sell their land to him. This land is contained within the 700 acres of land in the Hawaiian island of Kauai that Zuckerberg had purchased in 2014. When he learned that Hawaiian land ownership law differs from that of the other 49 states, he dropped the lawsuits.[89][90]
Depictions in media
The Social Network
Main article: The Social Network
A movie based on Zuckerberg and the founding years of Facebook, The Social Network was released on October 1, 2010, and stars Jesse Eisenberg as Zuckerberg. After Zuckerberg was told about the film, he responded, "I just wished that nobody made a movie of me while I was still alive."[91] Also, after the film's script was leaked on the Internet and it was apparent that the film would not portray Zuckerberg in a wholly positive light, he stated that he wanted to establish himself as a "good guy".[92] The film is based on the book The Accidental Billionaires by Ben Mezrich, which the book's publicist once described as "big juicy fun" rather than "reportage".[93] The film's screenwriter Aaron Sorkin told New York magazine, "I don't want my fidelity to be the truth; I want it to be storytelling", adding, "What is the big deal about accuracy purely for accuracy's sake, and can we not have the true be the enemy of the good?"[94]
Upon winning the Golden Globe Award for Best Picture on January 16, 2011, producer Scott Rudin thanked Facebook and Zuckerberg "for his willingness to allow us to use his life and work as a metaphor through which to tell a story about communication and the way we relate to each other.”[95] Sorkin, who won for Best Screenplay, retracted some of the impressions given in his script:[96]

"I wanted to say to Mark Zuckerberg tonight, if you're watching, Rooney Mara's character makes a prediction at the beginning of the movie. She was wrong. You turned out to be a great entrepreneur, a visionary, and an incredible altruist."

On January 29, 2011, Zuckerberg made a surprise guest appearance on Saturday Night Live, which was being hosted by Jesse Eisenberg. They both said it was the first time they ever met.[97] Eisenberg asked Zuckerberg, who had been critical of his portrayal by the film, what he thought of the movie. Zuckerberg replied, "It was interesting."[98] In a subsequent interview about their meeting, Eisenberg explains that he was "nervous to meet him, because I had spent now, a year and a half thinking about him ..." He adds, "Mark has been so gracious about something that’s really so uncomfortable ... The fact that he would do SNL and make fun of the situation is so sweet and so generous. It’s the best possible way to handle something that, I think, could otherwise be very uncomfortable."[99][100]
Disputed accuracy
Jeff Jarvis, author of the book Public Parts, interviewed Zuckerberg and believes Sorkin made up too much of the story. He states, "That's what the internet is accused of doing, making stuff up, not caring about the facts."[101]
According to David Kirkpatrick, former technology editor at Fortune magazine and author of The Facebook Effect:The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World, (2011),[102] "the film is only "40% true ... he is not snide and sarcastic in a cruel way, the way Zuckerberg is played in the movie." He says that "a lot of the factual incidents are accurate, but many are distorted and the overall impression is false", and concludes that primarily "his motivations were to try and come up with a new way to share information on the Internet".[101]
Although the film portrays Zuckerberg's creation of Facebook in order to elevate his stature after not getting into any of the elite final clubs at Harvard, Zuckerberg said he had no interest in joining the clubs.[20] Kirkpatrick agrees that the impression implied by the film is "false". Karel Baloun, a former senior engineer at Facebook, notes that the "image of Zuckerberg as a socially inept nerd is overstated ... It is fiction ..." He likewise dismisses the film's assertion that he "would deliberately betray a friend".[101]
Other depictions
Zuckerberg voiced himself on an episode of The Simpsons titled "Loan-a Lisa", which first aired on October 3, 2010. In the episode, Lisa Simpson and her friend Nelson encounter Zuckerberg at an entrepreneurs' convention. Zuckerberg tells Lisa that she does not need to graduate from college to be wildly successful, referencing Bill Gates and Richard Branson as examples.[103]
On October 9, 2010, Saturday Night Live lampooned Zuckerberg and Facebook.[104] Andy Samberg played Zuckerberg. The real Zuckerberg was reported to have been amused: "I thought this was funny."[105]
Stephen Colbert awarded a "Medal of Fear" to Zuckerberg at the Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear on October 30, 2010, "because he values his privacy much more than he values yours".[106]
Zuckerberg appears in the climax of the documentary film Terms and Conditions May Apply.[107][108][109]
Philanthropy
See also: Chan Zuckerberg Initiative




Chan and Zuckerberg in Prague (2013)


Zuckerberg donated an undisclosed amount to Diaspora, an open-source personal Web server that implements a distributed social networking service. He called it a "cool idea".[46]
Zuckerberg founded the Start-up: Education foundation.[110][111] On September 22, 2010, it was reported that Zuckerberg had donated $100 million to Newark Public Schools, the public school system of Newark, New Jersey.[112][113] Critics noted the timing of the donation as being close to the release of The Social Network, which painted a somewhat negative portrait of Zuckerberg.[114] Zuckerberg responded to the criticism, saying, "The thing that I was most sensitive about with the movie timing was, I didn't want the press about The Social Network movie to get conflated with the Newark project. I was thinking about doing this anonymously just so that the two things could be kept separate."[115] Newark Mayor Cory Booker stated that he and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie had to convince Zuckerberg's team not to make the donation anonymously.[115] The money was largely wasted, according to journalist Dale Russakoff.[116][117]
On December 9, 2010, Zuckerberg, Bill Gates, and investor Warren Buffett signed "The Giving Pledge", in which they promised to donate to charity at least half of their wealth over the course of time, and invited others among the wealthy to donate 50 percent or more of their wealth to charity.[118]
On December 19, 2013, Zuckerberg announced a donation of 18 million Facebook shares to the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, to be executed by the end of the month—based on Facebook's valuation as of then, the shares totaled $990 million in value. On December 31, 2013, the donation was recognized as the largest charitable gift on public record for 2013.[119] The Chronicle of Philanthropy placed Zuckerberg and his wife at the top of the magazine's annual list of 50 most generous Americans for 2013, having donated roughly $1 billion to charity.[120]
In October 2014, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan donated US$25 million to combat the Ebola virus disease, specifically the West African Ebola virus epidemic.[121][122]
On December 1, 2015, Zuckerberg and Chan announced the birth of their daughter Max, and in an open letter to Max, they pledged to donate 99 percent of their Facebook shares, then valued at US$45 billion, to the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, their new organization that will focus on health and education. The donation will not be given immediately, but over the course of their lives.[123][124] However, instead of forming a charitable corporation to donate the value of the stock to, as Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, Larry Page, Sergey Brin and other tech billionaires have done, Zuckerberg and Chan chose to use the structure of a limited liability company. This has drawn criticism from a number of journalists.[125][126][127][128] Chan and Zuckerberg also signed The Giving Pledge.[129]
Politics
In 2002, Zuckerberg registered to vote in Westchester County, New York, where he grew up, but did not cast a ballot until November 2008. Santa Clara County Registrar of Voters Spokeswoman, Elma Rosas, told Bloomberg that Zuckerberg is listed as "no preference" on voter rolls, and he voted in the past two general elections, in 2008 and 2012.[130][131]
Zuckerberg has never revealed his own political views: some consider him a conservative,[132][133] while others consider him liberal.[134]
On February 13, 2013, Zuckerberg hosted his first ever fundraising event for New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. Zuckerberg's particular interest on this occasion was education reform, and Christie's education reform work focused on teachers unions and the expansion of charter schools.[135][136] Later that year, Zuckerberg hosted a campaign fundraiser for Newark mayor Cory Booker, who was running in the 2013 New Jersey special Senate election.[137] In September 2010, with the support of Governor Chris Christie, Booker obtained a US$100 million pledge from Zuckerberg to Newark Public Schools.[138] In December 2012, Zuckerberg donated 18 million shares to the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, a community organization that includes education in its list of grant-making areas.[139][140]
On April 11, 2013, Zuckerberg led the launch of a 501(c)(4) lobbying group called FWD.us. The founders and contributors to the group were primarily Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and investors, and its president was Joe Green, a close friend of Zuckerberg.[141][142][143][144] The goals of the group include immigration reform, improving the state of education in the United States, and enabling more technological breakthroughs that benefit the public,[145][146] yet it has also been criticized for financing ads advocating a variety of oil and gas development initiatives, including drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and the Keystone XL pipeline.[147] In 2013, numerous liberal and progressive groups, such as The League of Conservation Voters, MoveOn.org, the Sierra Club, Democracy for America, CREDO, Daily Kos, 350.org, and Presente and Progressives United agreed to either pull their Facebook ad buys or not buy Facebook ads for at least two weeks, in protest of Zuckerberg ads funded by FWD.us that were in support of oil drilling and the Keystone XL pipeline, and in opposition to Obamacare among Republican United States senators who back immigration reform.[clarification needed][148]
A media report on June 20, 2013 revealed that Zuckerberg actively engaged with Facebook users on his own profile page after the online publication of a FWD.us video. In response to a claim that the FWD.us organization is "just about tech wanting to hire more people", the Internet entrepreneur replied: "The bigger problem we’re trying to address is ensuring the 11 million undocumented folks living in this country now and similar folks in the future are treated fairly."[149]
In June 2013, Zuckerberg joined Facebook employees in a company float as part of the annual San Francisco Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Pride Celebration. The company first participated in the event in 2011, with 70 employees, and this number increased to 700 for the 2013 march. The 2013 pride celebration was especially significant, as it followed a U.S. Supreme Court ruling that deemed the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) unconstitutional.[150][151]
When questioned about the mid-2013 PRISM scandal at the TechCrunch Disrupt conference in September 2013, Zuckerberg stated that the U.S. government "blew it." He further explained that the government performed poorly in regard to the protection of the freedoms of its citizens, the economy, and companies.[59]
Zuckerberg placed a statement on his Facebook wall on December 9, 2015 which said that he wants "to add my voice in support of Muslims in our community and around the world" in response to the aftermath of the November 2015 Paris attacks and the 2015 San Bernardino attack.[152][153][154][155] The statement also said that Muslims are "always welcome" on Facebook, and that his position was a result of the fact that "as a Jew, my parents taught me that we must stand up against attacks on all communities."[156][157]
On February 24, 2016, Zuckerberg sent out a company-wide internal memo to employees formally rebuking employees who had crossed out handwritten "Black Lives Matter" phrases on the company walls and had written "All Lives Matter" in their place. Facebook allows employees to free-write thoughts and phrases on company walls. The memo was then leaked by several employees. As Zuckerberg had previously condemned this practice at previous company meetings, and other similar requests had been issued by other leaders at Facebook, Zuckerberg wrote in the memo that he would now consider this overwriting practice not only disrespectful, but "malicious as well." According to Zuckerberg's memo, "Black Lives Matter doesn't mean other lives don't -- it's simply asking that the black community also achieves the justice they deserve." The memo also noted that the act of crossing something out in itself, "means silencing speech, or that one person's speech is more important than another's." Zuckerberg also said in the memo that he would be launching investigations into the incidents.[158][159][160] The New York Daily News interviewed Facebook employees who commented anonymously that, "Zuckerberg was genuinely angry about the incident and it really encouraged staff that Zuckerberg showed a clear understanding of why the phrase 'Black Lives Matter' must exist, as well as why writing through it is a form of harassment and erasure." [158]
In January 2017, Zuckerberg criticized Donald Trump’s executive order to severely limit immigrants and refugees from some countries.[161]
Personal life
Zuckerberg met his future wife, fellow student Priscilla Chan, at a fraternity party during his sophomore year at Harvard. They began dating in 2003.[162][163]
In September 2010, Zuckerberg invited Chan, by then a medical student at the University of California, San Francisco,[164] to move into his rented Palo Alto house. Zuckerberg studied Mandarin in preparation for the couple's visit to China in December 2010.[165][166] On May 19, 2012, Zuckerberg and Chan married in Zuckerberg's backyard in an event that also celebrated her graduation from medical school.[167][168][169] On July 31, 2015, Zuckerberg announced that he and Chan were expecting a baby girl. He said he felt confident that the risk of miscarrying was low so far into the pregnancy, after Chan had already suffered three miscarriages.[170] On December 1, Zuckerberg announced the birth of their daughter, Maxima Chan Zuckerberg ("Max").[171][172] The couple announced on their Chinese New Year video, published on February 6, 2016, that Maxima's official Chinese name is Chen Mingyu (Chinese: 陈明宇).[173] In March 2017, he announced that the two are expecting another daughter.[174]
While raised Jewish, Zuckerberg later identified as an atheist,[175][22][176] a position he has since renounced.[177] He has shown an appreciation for Buddhism.[178][179] With regard to Christianity, both Zuckerberg and his wife told Pope Francis in August 2016 "how much we admire his message of mercy and tenderness, and how he's found new ways to communicate with people of every faith around the world."[180][181][182] In December 2016, when asked "Aren't you an atheist?" in response to a Christmas Day post on Facebook, Zuckerberg responded, "No. I was raised Jewish and then I went through a period where I questioned things, but now I believe religion is very important."[177] As he closed his commencement address at Harvard University in May 2017, Zuckerberg shared the Jewish prayer Mi Shebeirach, which he stated he says when he faces challenges in life.[183][184]
See also

Criticism of Facebook
Mark Zuckerberg book club

References


^ Pilkington, Ed (March 10, 2011). "Forbes rich list: Facebook six stake their claims". The Guardian. UK. Retrieved March 30, 2011. 
^ a b "Facebook, Inc. Proxy Statement". United States Security and Exchange Commission. April 26, 2013. p. 31. Retrieved March 30, 2014. On January 1, 2013, Mr. Zuckerberg’s annual base salary was reduced to $1 and he will no longer receive annual bonus compensation under our Bonus Plan. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg - Forbes". Forbes. 
^ Napach, Bernice (July 26, 2013). "Facebook Surges and Mark Zuckerberg Pockets $3.8 Billion". Yahoo! Finance. 
^ Hiltzik, Michael (May 20, 2012). "Facebook shareholders are wedded to the whims of Mark Zuckerberg". Los Angeles Times. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg". Forbes. Retrieved April 19, 2016. 
^ "The World's Billionaires List". Forbes. Retrieved December 12, 2016. 
^ Carlson, Nicholas (March 5, 2010). "At Last – The Full Story Of How Facebook Was Founded". Business Insider. 
^ The Giving Pledge website, retrieved December 3, 2015
^ BBC News. The great Facebook giveaway - how will it work?, December 2, 2015
^ http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-34978249
^ a b Grossman, Lev (December 15, 2010). "Person of the Year 2010: Mark Zuckerberg". Time. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg". Forbes. March 2012. Retrieved May 19, 2012. 
^ "The All-Time TIME 100 of All Time". Time. April 18, 2012. Retrieved April 20, 2012. 
^ "The World's Most Powerful People". Forbes. December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg's career in 90 seconds". The Daily Telegraph. Retrieved March 3, 2017. 
^ Malone, Jasmine (Dec 15, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg wins Time person of the year: profile". The Daily Telegraph. London. 
^ "The Zuckerbergs of Dobbs Ferry", New York, no. May 14, 2012, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (Jan 27, 2017). "My great grandparents came from Germany, Austria, and Poland.". Facebook. PaloAlto. 
^ a b c d Vargas, Jose Antonio (September 20, 2010). "The Face of Facebook". The New Yorker. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Burrell, Ian (July 24, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg: He's got the whole world on his site". The Independent. UK. Retrieved November 6, 2010. 
^ a b Kirkpatrick, David (2010). The Facebook Effect: The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World. New York: Simon & Schuster. pp. 20–21. ISBN 978-1-4391-0211-4. Retrieved November 9, 2010. 
^ McDevitt, Caitlin (March 5, 2010). "What We Learned About Mark Zuckerberg This Week". The Big Money. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Grynbaum, Michael M. (June 10, 2004). "Mark E. Zuckerberg '06: The whiz behind thefacebook.com". The Harvard Crimson. 
^ "4-thing-mark-zuckerberg". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ "facebook-founder-mark-zuckerberg-child-prodigy". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ Hemos/Dan Moore (April 21, 2003). "Machine Learning and MP3s". Slashdot. Retrieved September 3, 2010. 
^ Dreier, Troy (February 8, 2005). "Synapse Media Player Review". PCMag.com. Retrieved September 3, 2010. 
^ Larson, Chase (March 25, 2011), Mark Zuckerberg speaks at BYU, calls Facebook "as much psychology and sociology as it is technology", Deseret News, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ a b "Facebook founder's roommate recounts creation of Internet giant". Haaretz. Oct 5, 2009. 
^ Hoffman, Claire (June 28, 2008). "The Battle for Facebook". Rolling Stone. New York. Archived from the original on July 3, 2008. Retrieved February 5, 2009. 
^ Seward, Zachary M. (July 25, 2007). "Judge Expresses Skepticism About Facebook Lawsuit". The Wall Street Journal. New York. Retrieved April 30, 2008. 
^ Carlson, Nicolas (March 5, 2010). "In 2004, Mark Zuckerberg Broke Into A Facebook User's Private Email Account". Business Insider. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Stone, Brad (June 28, 2008). "Judge Ends Facebook's Feud With ConnectU". New York Times blog. 
^ Rushe, Dominic (February 2, 2012). "Facebook IPO sees Winklevoss twins heading for $300m fortune". The Guardian. London. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg, Harvard dropout, returns to open arms". CS Monitor. November 9, 2011. 
^ Fell, Jason (14 May 2014). "As Mark Zuckerberg Turns 30, His 10 Best Quotes as CEO". Entrepreneur. Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Retrieved 16 May 2014. 
^ Steinbock, Anna (May 25, 2017). "Harvard awards 10 honorary degrees". Harvard Gazette. Retrieved May 25, 2017. 
^ "13 YEARS AFTER QUITTING, FACEBOOK CEO MARK ZUCKERBERG GETS HONORARY HARVARD DEGREE". PPP Focus. 28 May 2017. 
^ a b Antonas, Steffan (May 10, 2009). "Did Mark Zuckerberg's Inspiration for Facebook Come Before Harvard?". ReadWrite Social. SAY Media, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ a b "Face-to-Face with Mark Zuckerberg '02". Phillips Exeter Academy. Phillips Exeter Academy. January 24, 2007. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^

Holt, Chris (March 10, 2004). "Thefacebook.com's darker side". The Stanford Daily. 
Nguyen, Lananh (April 12, 2004). "Online network created by Harvard students flourishes". The Tufts Daily. College Media Network. Archived from the original on October 15, 2013. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
Rotberg, Emily (April 14, 2004). "Thefacebook.com opens to Duke students". The Chronicle. Duke Student Publishing Company. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
"Students flock to join college online facebook". The Daily Pennsylvanian. Archived from the original on August 25, 2011. 


^ Alice Speri (August 7, 2012). "Zuckerberg's Roomie Aims to Win for Haiti". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Teller, Sam (November 1, 2005). "Zuckerberg To Leave Harvard Indefinitely". The Harvard Crimson. The Harvard Crimson, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Kevin J. Feeney (February 24, 2005). "Business, Casual.". The Harvard Crimson. The Harvard Crimson, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ a b c Singel, Ryan (May 28, 2010). "Epicenter: Mark Zuckerberg: I Donated to Open Source, Facebook Competitor". Wired News. Condé Nast Publishing. Retrieved May 29, 2010. 
^ MacMillan, Robert (April 1, 2009). "Yu, Zuckerberg and the Facebook fallout". Reuters. Retrieved March 26, 2013. In a back-to-the-future move, former Netscape CFO Peter Currie will be the key adviser to Facebook about financial matters, until a new search for a CFO is found, sources said. 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (July 22, 2010), 500 Million Stories, The Facebook Blog, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ a b c Levy, Steven (April 19, 2010). "Geek Power: Steven Levy Revisits Tech Titans, Hackers, Idealists". Wired. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ a b McGirt, Ellen (February 17, 2010). "The World's Most Innovative Companies 2010". Fast Company. Retrieved September 24, 2010. 
^ "The Vanity Fair 100". Vanity Fair. October 2010. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "The Vanity Fair 100". Vanity Fair. September 1, 2010. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg – 50 People who matter 2010". New Statesman. UK. Retrieved September 27, 2010. 
^ "Facebook's Zuckerberg says Steve Jobs advised on company focus, management". Bloomberg. November 7, 2011. Retrieved November 12, 2011. 
^ "Zuckerberg in Moscow to boost Facebook's presence". France24.com. October 1, 2012. Archived from the original on October 3, 2012. 
^ "Russia pushes Facebook to open research center". FoxNews. October 1, 2012. 
^ Delo, Cotton (April 16, 2013). "Facebook Practices What It Preaches for 'Home' Ad Blitz". Ad Age digital. Crain Communications. Retrieved April 18, 2013. 
^ Caitlin Dewey (August 19, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg's Facebook page was hacked by an unemployed web developer". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 19, 2013. 
^ a b Edwards, Victoria (September 21, 2013). "6 Things We Learned From Marissa Mayer and Mark Zuckerberg at TechCrunch Disrupt 2013". TechCrunch. AOL Inc. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ a b Stevenson, Alastair (August 22, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg Creates Tech Justice League to Bring Internet to the Masses". Search Engine Watch. Incisive Media Incisive Interactive Marketing LLC. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^

Samuel Gibbs (February 23, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg goes to Barcelona to make mobile friends". The Guardian. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
Sven Grundberg (January 16, 2014). "Facebook's Zuckerberg to Speak at Mobile World Congress". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
Meyer, David (January 16, 2014). "Facebook's Zuckerberg to headline Mobile World Congress this year". Gigaom. Gigaom, Inc. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 


^ Mark Gregory (February 22, 2014). "Mobile World Congress: What to expect from Barcelona". BBC News. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
^ Alex Hern, Jonathan Kaiman (October 23, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg addresses Chinese university in Mandarin". The Guardian. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Maria Tadeo (December 12, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg Q&A: What we learnt about the Facebook founder". The Independent. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Sam Colt (December 12, 2014). "Facebook May Be Adding a 'Dislike' Button". Inc. Monsueto Ventures. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Kirsch, Noah (December 3, 2016). "Since Trump's Election, Mark Zuckerberg's Net Worth Has Fallen $3.7 Billion". Forbes.com. Retrieved December 4, 2016. 
^ "The top 10 business visionaries creating value for the world". Business Insider. Business Insider Inc. 
^ Martey Dodoo (August 16, 2004). "Wirehog?". Martey Dodoo. 
^ Alan J. Tabak (August 13, 2004). "Zuckerberg Programs New Website". Harvard Crimson. 
^ "80000 developers". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ "The Facebook Blog | Facebook". Blog.facebook.com. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ "2007 Young Innovators Under 35: Mark Zuckerberg, 23". MIT Technology Review. 2007. Retrieved August 14, 2011. 
^ "Meet at the Silicon Valley among the tech leaders and Indian Prime Minister-Narendra Modi". Retrieved October 9, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg supports Digital India". Retrieved October 9, 2015. 
^ Carlson, Nicholas. "In 2004, Mark Zuckerberg Broke Into A Facebook User's Private Email Account". Silicon Alley Insider. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Logged in as click here to log out (February 12, 2009). "Facebook paid up to $65m to founder Mark Zuckerberg's ex-classmates". Guardian. UK. Retrieved August 21, 2009. 
^ McCarthy, Caroline (November 30, 2007). "article about 02138". News.com. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ Hempel, Jessi (July 25, 2009). "The book that Facebook doesn't want you to read". CNN Money. Archived from the original on September 14, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ West, Jackson. "Facebook CEO Named in Pakistan Criminal Investigation". NBC Bay Area. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ "Zuckerberg faces criminal investigation in Pakistan". 
^ Anderson, John (July 29, 2010). "Facebook does not have a like button for Ceglia". WellsvilleDaily.com. Retrieved August 29, 2010. 
^ "Venture beat coverage of Ceglia lawsuit". 
^ "Feds Collar Would-Be Facebook Fraudster". E-Commerce News. October 29, 2012. 
^ "A Dubious Case Found Lawyers Eager to Make Some Money". New York Times. October 29, 2012. 
^ "Paul Ceglia's lawyer drops out of Facebook suit after arrest". San Jose Mercury News. October 30, 2012. 
^ "Israeli minister accused facebook and its founder". Newsweek. Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg is facing claims that Facebook is not helping Israel crack down on terror". Express. Retrieved July 3, 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg has terror victim's 'blood on his hands', Israeli minister says". International Business Times. Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ Mark Zuckerberg hits back at 'misleading' claims he is suing Hawaiian landowners, Wired, January 20, 2017
^ "Facebook's Zuckerberg officially drops Hawaii 'quiet title' actions", Pacific Business News, Feb. 26, 2017
^ Fried, Ina (June 2, 2010). "Zuckerberg in the hot seat at D8". CNET. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ Harlow, John (May 16, 2010). "Movie depicts seamy life of Facebook boss". The Times Online. London. Retrieved July 18, 2010. 
^ Cieply, Michael & Helft, Miguel (August 20, 2010). "Facebook Feels Unfriendly Toward Film It Inspired". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Harris, Mark (September 17, 2010). "Inventing Facebook". New York. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ "The Social Network Filmmakers Thank Zuckerberg During Golden Globes". Techland. Time. January 17, 2011. 
^ "Last Night, Aaron Sorkin Demonstrated How to Apologize Without Accepting Responsibility". NYMag. January 17, 2011. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Meets Jesse Eisenberg on Saturday Night Live". People. January 30, 2011. Retrieved January 30, 2011. 
^ "Jesse Eisenberg meets the real Mark Zuckerberg on SNL". Digital Trends. January 31, 2011. 
^ "Jesse Eisenberg Calls Mark Zuckerberg "Sweet" and "Generous" in His Funny Oscar Nominees Lunch Interview" Popsugar, February 7, 2011
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Meets Jesse Eisenberg On The 'Saturday Night Live' Stage" NPR, January 30, 2011
^ a b c Rohrer, Finlo. "Is the Facebook movie the truth about Mark Zuckerberg" BBC, September 30, 2010
^ "The Facebook Effect: The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World", release date February 1, 2011
^ "Facebook Creator Mark Zuckerberg to Get Yellow on The Simpsons". New York. July 21, 2010. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Griggs, Brandon (October 11, 2010). "Facebook, Zuckerberg spoofed on 'SNL'". CNN. Retrieved October 11, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg ‘Liked’ SNL’s Facebook Skit". New York. October 12, 2010. Retrieved January 28, 2011. 
^ Lerer, Lisa & McMillan, Traci (October 30, 2010). "Comedy Central's Stewart Says Press, Politicians Are Creating Extremism". Bloomberg. Retrieved November 4, 2010. 
^ Nina Metz Chicago Closeup 9:00 a.m. CDT, July 18, 2013 (July 18, 2013). "Terms and Conditions May Apply". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved May 25, 2014. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "'Terms and Conditions May Apply' Details Digital-Age Loss of Privacy". New York Times. Retrieved May 25, 2014.  (paid)
^ Hoback, Cullen. "Our data is our digital identity - and we need to reclaim control | Technology". theguardian.com. Retrieved May 25, 2014. 
^ "Mayor Says Newark Is 40% There in Matching Facebook Founder's Grant". The Chronicle of Philanthropy. September 27, 2010. 
^ Ng, Philiana (September 24, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg: 'The Social Network' is 'fun'". The Hollywood Reporter. 
^ Tracy, Ryan (November 23, 2010). "Can Mark Zuckerberg's Money Save Newark's Schools?". Newsweek. 
^ Reidel, David (September 22, 2010). "Facebook CEO to Gift $100M to Newark Schools". CBS News.com. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg's Well-Timed $100 million Donation to Newark Public Schools". New York Magazine. September 22, 2010. Retrieved September 28, 2010. 
^ a b Isaac, Mike (September 24, 2010). "Zuckerberg Pressured To Announce $100 million Donation To Newark". Forbes. Retrieved Sep 28, 2010. 
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mark-zuckerbergs-100-million-donation-155608055.html
^ https://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/23/books/review/the-prize-by-dale-russakoff.html
^

Gonzales, Sandra (December 8, 2010). "Zuckerberg to donate wealth". San Jose Mercury News. 
"US billionaires pledge 50% of their wealth to charity". BBC. August 4, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
Moss, Rosabeth (December 14, 2010). "Four Strategic Generosity Lessons". Business Week. Retrieved March 9, 2011. 


^

Bailey, Brandon (December 19, 2013). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg makes $1 billion donation". San Jose Mercury News. Retrieved December 20, 2013. 
Sparkes, Matthew (December 19, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg donates $1bn to charity". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved December 20, 2013. 
Wagner, Kurt (January 3, 2014). "Zuckerberg's Other Billion-Dollar Idea: 2013's Biggest Charitable Gift". Mashable. Mashable. Retrieved January 3, 2014. 


^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg biggest giver in 2013". USA Today. February 10, 2014. 
^ Phillip, Abby (October 14, 2014). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and wife Priscilla Chan donate $25 million to Ebola fight". The Washington Post. Retrieved October 25, 2014. 
^ Kroll, Luisa (October 14, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg Is Giving $25 Million To Fight Ebola". Forbes. Retrieved October 25, 2014. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Vows to Donate 99% of His Facebook Shares for Charity". The New York Times. December 1, 2015. 
^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg to give away 99% of shares". BBC News Online. December 1, 2015. Retrieved December 1, 2015. 
^ "How Mark Zuckerberg’s Altruism Helps Himself". The New York Times. December 3, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg and the Rise of Philanthrocapitalism". The New Yorker. December 2, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg’s Philanthropy Uses L.L.C. for More Control". The New York Times. December 2, 2015. 
^ "Why Mark Zuckerberg's huge new donation is going to an LLC rather than a charity". Vox. December 2, 2015. 
^ givingpledge.org/
^ Katharine Mieszkowski  (April 19, 2011). "President Obama's Facebook appearance aimed at young voters; Bay Area visit targets big donors". The Bay Citizen. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ David Cohen (February 14, 2013). "Protestors Target Mark Zuckerberg’s Fundraiser For N.J. Gov. Chris Christie". AllFacebook. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ Ben Branstetter (October 21, 2013). "Conservatives including Mark Zuckerberg, Grover Norquist urge House to pass immigration reform". UPI. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ "Why Mark Zuckerberg is a conservative (and why that matters)". The Daily Dot. October 30, 2013. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ "2013: Year of the Liberal Billionaires". Politico. November 1, 2013. 
^ Julia Boorstin (February 13, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg 'Likes' Governor Chris Christie". CNBC. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Kate Zernike (January 24, 2013). "Facebook Chief to Hold Fund-Raiser for Christie". The New York Times. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Young, Elise (June 8, 2013). "Zuckerberg Plans Fundraiser for Cory Booker’s Senate Run". Bloomberg. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ Christine Richard, "Ackman Cash for Booker Brings $240 Million Aid From Wall Street", Bloomberg, October 28, 2010
^ "Education". Silicon valley Community Foundation. 
^ Cassidy, Mike (February 15, 2013). "Cassidy: Silicon Valley needs to harness its innovative spirit to level the playing field for blacks and Hispanics". The Mercury News. Retrieved April 23, 2013. 
^ Constine, Josh (April 11, 2013). "Zuckerberg And A Team Of Tech All-Stars Launch Political Advocacy Group FWD.us". TechCrunch. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Ferenstein, Gregory (April 11, 2013). "Zuckerberg Launches A Tech Lobby, But What Will It Do Differently?". TechCrunch. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Malik, Om (April 11, 2013). "Why I have issues with Mark Zuckerberg’s FWD.us". Gigaom. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Brian, Matt (April 11, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg launches FWD.us with notable Silicon Valley execs in fight for immigration reform". The Verge. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (April 11, 2013). "Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg: Immigration and the knowledge economy". The Washington Post. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ "About Us". FWD.us. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Handley, Meg (April 30, 2013). "Facebook's Zuckerberg Takes Heat Over Keystone, Drilling Ads". U.S. News & World Report. Archived from the original on May 3, 2013. Retrieved May 3, 2013. 
^ Weiner, Rachel. "Liberal groups boycotting Facebook over immigration push". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 7, 2013. 
^ Constine, Josh (June 20, 2013). "Zuckerberg Replies To His Facebook Commenters’ Questions On Immigration". TechCrunch. Aol Tech. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Gallagher, Billy (June 30, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg ‘Likes’ SF LGBT Pride As Tech Companies Publicly Celebrate Equal Rights". TechCrunch. AOL Inc. Retrieved July 2, 2013. 
^ Evelyn M. Rusli (June 30, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg Leads 700 Facebook Employees in SF Gay Pride". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved July 2, 2013. 
^ Emery, Debbie (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Vows to ‘Fight to Protect’ Muslim Rights on Facebook". TheWrap. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ White, Daniel (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Offers Support to Muslims in Facebook Post". Time Magazine. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Griffin, Andrew (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg speaks in support of Muslims after week of ‘hate’". The Guardian. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Cenk Uygur (December 10, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Stands With Muslims". The Young Turks. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Zuckerberg Invokes Jewish Heritage in Facebook Post Supporting Muslims". Haaretz. December 10, 2015. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Tait, Robert (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg voices support for Muslims amid Donald Trump ban row". The Daily Telegraph. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ a b King, Shaun (February 25, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg forced to address racism among Facebook staff after vandals target Black Lives Matter phrases". New York Daily News. Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ Jessica, Guynn (February 25, 2016). "Zuckerberg reprimands Facebook staff defacing 'Black Lives Matter' slogan". USA Today. Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ Snyder, Benjamin (February 25, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Takes Facebook Workers to Task Over "All Lives Matter" Graffiti". Fortune (magazine). Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ theguardian.com 28 January 2017: Mark Zuckerberg challenges Trump on immigration and 'extreme vetting' order
^ O'Connor, Clare (May 20, 2012), Mark Zuckerberg's Wife Priscilla Chan: A New Brand of Billionaire Bride, Forbes, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ Status Update: Mark Zuckerberg is married to Priscilla Chan, Techstroke, May 20, 2012, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ "White Coats on a Rainbow of Students", Spotlight, UCSF School of Medicine. Cf. Priscilla Chan, 23.
^ Spiegel, Rob (December 20, 2010). "Zuckerberg Goes Searching in China". 
^ "Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg learn chinese every morning". ChineseTime.cn. September 29, 2010. 
^ Stein, Joel. "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries sweetheart". Retrieved May 19, 2012. 
^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries Priscilla Chan". cbsnews.com. Retrieved May 20, 2012. 
^ Wohlsen, Marcus (May 19, 2012). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries longtime girlfriend, Priscilla Chan: Palo Alto, Calif., ceremony caps busy week after company goes public". msnbc.com. Associated Press. Retrieved May 20, 2012. 
^ "Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg to become a father". BBC News. BBC. July 31, 2015. Retrieved August 1, 2015. 
^ "The Switch Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan to give away 99 percent of their Facebook stock, worth $45 billion". 
^ "A letter to our daughter". www.facebook.com. Retrieved December 1, 2015. 
^ Kell, John (February 8, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Reveals Daughter's Chinese Name". Fortune.com. Retrieved February 29, 2016. In a pretty adorable video shared by the tech executive over the weekend, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan said their daughter Max's Chinese name is Chen Mingyu. 
^ Heath, Alex (March 9, 2017). "Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan are expecting another baby". Business Insider. Retrieved March 9, 2017. 
^ Vara, Vauhini (November 28, 2007). "Just How Much Do We Want to Share On Social Networks?". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ Daniel Alef (October 17, 2010). Mark Zuckerberg: The Face Behind Facebook and Social Networking. Titans of Fortune Publishing. ISBN 9781608043118. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ a b Julie Zauzmer (December 30, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg says he’s no longer an atheist, believes ‘religion is very important’". The Washington Post. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ "Facebook Is Injecting Buddhism Into Its Core Business So It Can Be More Compassionate". Retrieved June 25, 2013. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg says "Buddhism is an amazing religion". Retrieved October 27, 2015. 
^ Zauzmer, Julie (29 August 2016). "Pope Francis and Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg had a meeting today - The Washington Post". The Washington Post. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Fox, Emily Jane (29 August 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Gives the Pope an Unusual Gift". Vanity Fair. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Esteves, Junno Arocho (29 August 2016). "Pope meets with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg". America. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Bailey, Sarah Pulliam (25 May 2017). "Mark Zuckerberg shares the prayer he says to his daughter every night -". The Washington Post. Retrieved 6 June 2017. Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg gave the commencement address at Harvard University on Thursday, closing his speech by sharing a Jewish prayer called the “Mi Shebeirach,” which he said he recites whenever he faces a big challenge and which he sings to his daughter, thinking of her future, when he tucks her in at night. 
^ Hallowell, Billy (26 May 2017). "After Abandoning Atheism, Facebook Founder Mark Zuckerberg Reveals the Prayer He Sings to His Daughter Every Night Before Bed". Faithwire. Retrieved 6 June 2017. It was during Zuckerberg’s commencement address at Harvard University that he shared a Jewish prayer called the “Mi Shebeirach”— an invocation that he said he recites as he copes with major challenges in life and also when he tucks his child in at night, the Washington Post reported. 


External links



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Mark Zuckerberg





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Mark Zuckerberg.



Mark Zuckerberg on Facebook 
Mark Zuckerberg on IMDb 







v
t
e


Facebook



Website



Features
Beacon
Graph Search
EdgeRank
Platform
Payments
Facebook like button
Facebookcorewwwi.onion
Facebook Live
Facebook Zero
Facebook Stories





Other
products




Current



Instagram

followed users
liked pictures


Messenger
M (virtual assistant)
MSQRD
Oculus Rift
WhatsApp
Workplace





Former



Camera
FriendFeed
Home

HTC First


Paper
Poke (app)
Riff
Slingshot
Wirehog








People




Founders



Mark Zuckerberg (28% equity)
Dustin Moskovitz (7%)
Eduardo Saverin (5%, formerly)
Chris Hughes (1%, formerly)
Andrew McCollum





Board



Mark Zuckerberg
Jim Breyer (11%)
Peter Thiel (2%)
Sheryl Sandberg
Marc Andreessen
Erskine Bowles
Susan Desmond-Hellmann
Donald E. Graham
Reed Hastings





Executive
officers




Current



Mark Zuckerberg (Chairman and CEO)
Sheryl Sandberg (COO)
David Wehner (CFO)
Mike Schroepfer (CTO)





Former



Sean Parker (4%, formerly)
Owen Van Natta
Gideon Yu
Adam D'Angelo
Chris Kelly
Bret Taylor
David Ebersman








Notable
employees




Current



Chris Cox (VP of Product)
Elliot Schrage (VP of Global Communications, Marketing and Public Policy)
Lars Rasmussen (Graph Search director)
John Carmack (CTO of Oculus VR)
Hugo Barra (VP of Oculus VR)
Naomi Gleit (VP of social good)





Former



Blake Ross (Director of Product)
Ted Ullyot (VP, General Counsel, and Secretary)
Matt Cohler
Charlie Cheever
Randi Zuckerberg
Yishan Wong
George Hotz
Joe Lockhart
Andrei Alexandrescu (research scientist)











Open source



Apache Cassandra
Apache Hive
Apache Thrift
FQL
Hack
HipHop for PHP
Phabricator
React
Scribe
Open Compute Project





Mass media



The Facebook Effect
The Accidental Billionaires
The Social Network





Concepts



Activity stream
Social graph
Friending and following
Reblogging
Fan-gating
Facebook diplomacy
Facebook like button





Business



History
Timeline
Acquisitions
f8 conference
IPO
Censorship
Criticism
Litigation





Divisions



Facebook AI Research
Facebook Creative Labs





Related



Priscilla Chan (wife of Mark Zuckerberg)
Chan Zuckerberg Initiative












v
t
e


Time Persons of the Year (2001–present)






Rudolph Giuliani (2001)
The Whistleblowers: Cynthia Cooper / Coleen Rowley / Sherron Watkins (2002)
The American Soldier (2003)
George W. Bush (2004)
The Good Samaritans: Bono / Bill Gates / Melinda Gates (2005)
You (2006)
Vladimir Putin (2007)
Barack Obama (2008)
Ben Bernanke (2009)
Mark Zuckerberg (2010)
The Protestor (2011)
Barack Obama (2012)
Pope Francis (2013)
Ebola Fighters: Dr. Jerry Brown / Dr. Kent Brantly / Ella Watson-Stryker / Foday Gollah / Salome Karmah (2014)
Angela Merkel (2015)
Donald Trump (2016)








Complete roster
1927–1950
1951–1975
1976–2000
2001–present












v
t
e


The World's Billionaires – Top ten richest people in the world as of 20 April 2017






 Bill Gates ($86.0B, United States)
 Warren Buffett ($75.6B, United States)
 Jeff Bezos ($72.8B, United States)
 Amancio Ortega ($71.3B, Spain)
 Mark Zuckerberg ($56.0B, United States)
 Carlos Slim ($54.5B, Mexico)
 Larry Ellison ($52.2B, United States)
 Charles Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 David Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 Michael Bloomberg ($47.5B, United States)












v
t
e


Wealthiest people in the United States by state







AL
Jimmy Rane


AK
Leonard Hyde and Jonathan Rubini


AZ
Bruce Halle


AR
Jim Walton


CA
Mark Zuckerberg


CO
Charlie Ergen


CT
Ray Dalio


DE
Robert W. Gore and Elizabeth Snyder


FL
Thomas Peterffy


GA
Jim Kennedy


HI
Pierre Omidyar


ID
Frank L. VanderSloot


IL
Kenneth C. Griffin


IN
Carl Cook


IA
Harry Stine


KS
Charles Koch


KY
B. Wayne Hughes


LA
Tom Benson


ME
Bill and Susan Alfond


MD
Ted Lerner


MA
Abigail Johnson


MI
Dan Gilbert


MN
Whitney MacMillan


MS
Leslie Lampton


MO
Stan Kroenke


MT
Dennis Washington


NE
Warren Buffett


NV
Sheldon Adelson


NH
Andrea Reimann-Ciardelli


NJ
Donald Newhouse


NM
Mack C. Chase


NY
Michael Bloomberg


NC
James Goodnight


ND
Gary Tharaldson


OH
Les Wexner


OK
Harold Hamm


OR
Phil Knight


PA
Mary Alice Dorrance Malone


RI
Jonathan M. Nelson


SC
Anita Zucker


SD
T. Denny Sanford


TN
Thomas F. Frist Jr.


TX
Alice Walton


UT
Gail Miller


VT
John Abele


VA
Jacqueline Mars


WA
Bill Gates


WV
Jim Justice


WI
John Menard Jr.


WY
John Mars









Biography portal
Internet portal
United States portal





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 101338851
LCCN: n2009022154
ISNI: 0000 0001 1478 8765
GND: 139618171
SUDOC: 143320165
BNF: cb16182911f (data)
BIBSYS: 10033777
NDL: 01235319










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mark_Zuckerberg&oldid=792644760"					
Categories: 1984 births21st-century American businesspeopleAmerican billionairesAmerican chairmen of corporationsAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican computer programmersAmerican Internet celebritiesAmerican JewsAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican technology company foundersBusinesspeople from New YorkBusinesspeople from the San Francisco Bay AreaDirectors of FacebookFacebook employeesLiving peopleNerd culturePeople from Dobbs Ferry, New YorkPeople from Palo Alto, CaliforniaPeople from White Plains, New YorkPhillips Exeter Academy alumniPeople with color blindnessLife extensionistsGiving PledgersHidden categories: CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected biographies of living peopleUse American English from March 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from October 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2017Articles with unsourced statements from February 2016Wikipedia articles needing clarification from May 2014Articles containing Chinese-language textWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with BIBSYS identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎BislamaБългарскиBoarischBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalegoગુજરાતી한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡKapampanganქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliKurdîКыргызчаLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiमराठीმარგალურიمصرىBahasa MelayuМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanଓଡ଼ିଆOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیភាសាខ្មែរPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitతెలుగుTetunไทยТоҷикӣTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray粵語Zazaki中文डोटेली 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 19:09.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Mark Zuckerberg - Wikipedia




















 







Mark Zuckerberg

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Marc Zuckerberg)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Zuckerberg" redirects here. For other people with the surname, see Zuckerberg (name).


Mark Zuckerberg



Zuckerberg in 2014



Born
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg
(1984-05-14) May 14, 1984 (age 33)[1]
White Plains, New York, U.S.


Residence
Palo Alto, California, U.S.


Occupation
Computer programmer, Internet entrepreneur


Years active
2004–present


Known for
Co-founder of Facebook


Home town
Dobbs Ferry, New York, U.S.


Salary
One-dollar salary[2]


Net worth
US$63.7 billion (June 2017)[3]


Title
Chairman and CEO of Facebook


Spouse(s)
Priscilla Chan (m. 2012)


Children
1


Relatives
Randi Zuckerberg (sister)


Website
facebook.com/zuck


Signature





Mark Elliot Zuckerberg (born May 14, 1984) is an American computer programmer and Internet entrepreneur. He is a co-founder of Facebook, and currently operates as its chairman and chief executive officer.[4][5] His net worth is estimated to be US$63.3 billion as of May 2017, and he is ranked by Forbes as the fifth richest person in the world.[6][7]
Zuckerberg launched Facebook from his Harvard University dormitory room on February 4, 2004. He was assisted by his college roommates and fellow Harvard students Eduardo Saverin, Andrew McCollum, Dustin Moskovitz, and Chris Hughes.[8] The group then introduced Facebook to other college campuses. Facebook expanded rapidly, reaching one billion users by 2012. Meanwhile, Zuckerberg was involved in various legal disputes brought by others in the group, who claimed a share of the company based upon their involvement during the development phase of Facebook.
In December 2012, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan announced that over the course of their lives they would give the majority of their wealth to "advancing human potential and promoting equality" in the spirit of The Giving Pledge.[9] On December 1, 2015, they announced they would eventually give 99 percent of their Facebook shares (worth about US$45 billion at the time) to the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative.[10][11]
Since 2010, Time magazine has named Zuckerberg among the 100 wealthiest and most influential people in the world as a part of its Person of the Year award.[12][13][14] In December 2016, Zuckerberg was ranked 10th on Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[15]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Software developer

2.1 Early years
2.2 College years


3 Career

3.1 Facebook
3.2 Wirehog
3.3 Platform, Beacon, and Connect
3.4 Internet.org
3.5 Legal controversies

3.5.1 ConnectU lawsuits
3.5.2 Saverin lawsuit
3.5.3 Pakistan criminal investigation
3.5.4 Paul Ceglia
3.5.5 Palestinian terror attacks
3.5.6 Hawaiian land ownership




4 Depictions in media

4.1 The Social Network

4.1.1 Disputed accuracy


4.2 Other depictions


5 Philanthropy
6 Politics
7 Personal life
8 See also
9 References
10 External links



Early life

External video




 Mark Zuckerberg's career in 90 seconds, The Daily Telegraph[16]


Zuckerberg was born in 1984 in White Plains, New York.[17] He is the son of Karen (née Kempner), a psychiatrist, and Edward Zuckerberg, a dentist.[18] His ancestors came from Germany, Austria and Poland.[19] He and his three sisters, Randi, Donna, and Arielle, were brought up in Dobbs Ferry, New York, a small Westchester County village about 21 miles north of Midtown Manhattan.[20] Zuckerberg was raised Jewish and had his Bar Mitzvah when he turned 13.[21]
At Ardsley High School, Zuckerberg excelled in classes. He transferred to the exclusive private school Phillips Exeter Academy, in New Hampshire, in his junior year, where he won prizes in science (math, astronomy, and physics) and classical studies. In his youth, he also attended the Johns Hopkins Center for Talented Youth summer camp. On his college application, Zuckerberg claimed that he could read and write French, Hebrew, Latin, and ancient Greek. He was captain of the fencing team.[22][23][24]
Software developer
Early years
Zuckerberg began using computers and writing software in middle school. His father taught him Atari BASIC Programming in the 1990s, and later hired software developer David Newman to tutor him privately. Newman calls him a "prodigy", adding that it was "tough to stay ahead of him". Zuckerberg took a graduate course in the subject at Mercy College near his home while still in high school. He enjoyed developing computer programs, especially communication tools and games. In one program, since his father's dental practice was operated from their home, he built a software program he called "ZuckNet" that allowed all the computers between the house and dental office to communicate with each other. It is considered a "primitive" version of AOL's Instant Messenger, which came out the following year.[25][26]
According to writer Jose Antonio Vargas, "some kids played computer games. Mark created them." Zuckerberg himself recalls this period: "I had a bunch of friends who were artists. They'd come over, draw stuff, and I'd build a game out of it." However, notes Vargas, Zuckerberg was not a typical "geek-klutz", as he later became captain of his prep school fencing team and earned a classics diploma. Napster co-founder Sean Parker, a close friend, notes that Zuckerberg was "really into Greek odysseys and all that stuff", recalling how he once quoted lines from the Roman epic poem Aeneid, by Virgil, during a Facebook product conference.[20]
During Zuckerberg's high school years, he worked under the company name Intelligent Media Group to build a music player called the Synapse Media Player. The device used machine learning to learn the user's listening habits, which was posted to Slashdot[27] and received a rating of 3 out of 5 from PC Magazine.[28]
College years
Vargas noted that by the time Zuckerberg began classes at Harvard, he had already achieved a "reputation as a programming prodigy". He studied psychology and computer science and belonged to Alpha Epsilon Pi and Kirkland House.[12][20][29] In his sophomore year, he wrote a program that he called CourseMatch, which allowed users to make class selection decisions based on the choices of other students and also to help them form study groups. A short time later, he created a different program he initially called Facemash that let students select the best looking person from a choice of photos. According to Arie Hasit, Zuckerberg's roommate at the time, "he built the site for fun". Hasit explains:

We had books called Face Books, which included the names and pictures of everyone who lived in the student dorms. At first, he built a site and placed two pictures, or pictures of two males and two females. Visitors to the site had to choose who was "hotter" and according to the votes there would be a ranking.[30]

The site went up over a weekend, but by Monday morning, the college shut it down, because its popularity had overwhelmed one of Harvard's network switches and prevented students from accessing the Internet. In addition, many students complained that their photos were being used without permission. Zuckerberg apologized publicly, and the student paper ran articles stating that his site was "completely improper."[30]
The following semester, in January 2004, Zuckerberg began writing code for a new Web site.[31] On February 4, 2004, Zuckerberg launched "Thefacebook", originally located at thefacebook.com.[32]
Six days after the site launched, three Harvard seniors, Cameron Winklevoss, Tyler Winklevoss, and Divya Narendra, accused Zuckerberg of intentionally misleading them into believing he would help them build a social network called HarvardConnection.com, while he was instead using their ideas to build a competing product.[33] The three complained to The Harvard Crimson, and the newspaper began an investigation in response.[citation needed]
Following the official launch of the Facebook social media platform, the three filed a lawsuit against Zuckerberg that resulted in a settlement.[34] The agreed settlement was for 1.2 million Facebook shares that were worth US$300 million at Facebook's IPO.[35]
Zuckerberg dropped out of Harvard in his sophomore year to complete his project.[36] In January 2014, he recalled:

I remember really vividly, you know, having pizza with my friends a day or two after—I opened up the first version of Facebook at the time I thought, "You know, someone needs to build a service like this for the world." But I just never thought that we'd be the ones to help do it. And I think a lot of what it comes down to is we just cared more.[37]

Zuckerberg later received an honorary degree from Harvard on 28 May 2017.[38][39]
Career




Zuckerberg listening to President Barack Obama before a private meeting where Obama dined with technology business leaders in Woodside, California, February 17, 2011.


Facebook
Main articles: Facebook and History of Facebook
On February 4, 2004, Zuckerberg launched Facebook from his Harvard dormitory room.[40][41] An earlier inspiration for Facebook may have come from Phillips Exeter Academy, the prep school from which Zuckerberg graduated in 2002. It published its own student directory, "The Photo Address Book", which students referred to as "The Facebook". Such photo directories were an important part of the student social experience at many private schools. With them, students were able to list attributes such as their class years, their friends, and their telephone numbers.[40]
Once at college, Zuckerberg's Facebook started off as just a "Harvard thing" until Zuckerberg decided to spread it to other schools, enlisting the help of roommate Dustin Moskovitz. They began with Columbia University, New York University, Stanford, Dartmouth, Cornell, University of Pennsylvania, Brown, and Yale.[42] Samyr Laine, a triple jumper representing Haiti at the 2012 Summer Olympics, shared a room with Zuckerberg during Facebook's founding. "Mark was clearly on to great things," said Laine, who was Facebook's fourteenth user.[43]
Zuckerberg, Moskovitz and some friends moved to Palo Alto, California in Silicon Valley where they leased a small house that served as an office. Over the summer, Zuckerberg met Peter Thiel, who invested in the company. They got their first office in mid-2004. According to Zuckerberg, the group planned to return to Harvard, but eventually decided to remain in California.[44][45] They had already turned down offers by major corporations to buy the company. In an interview in 2007, Zuckerberg explained his reasoning: "It's not because of the amount of money. For me and my colleagues, the most important thing is that we create an open information flow for people. Having media corporations owned by conglomerates is just not an attractive idea to me."[41]
He restated these goals to Wired magazine in 2010: "The thing I really care about is the mission, making the world open."[46] Earlier, in April 2009, Zuckerberg sought the advice of former Netscape CFO Peter Currie about financing strategies for Facebook.[47] On July 21, 2010, Zuckerberg reported that the company reached the 500 million-user mark.[48] When asked whether Facebook could earn more income from advertising as a result of its phenomenal growth, he explained:

I guess we could ... If you look at how much of our page is taken up with ads compared to the average search query. The average for us is a little less than 10 percent of the pages and the average for search is about 20 percent taken up with ads ... That's the simplest thing we could do. But we aren't like that. We make enough money. Right, I mean, we are keeping things running; we are growing at the rate we want to.[46]

In 2010, Steven Levy, who wrote the 1984 book Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution, wrote that Zuckerberg "clearly thinks of himself as a hacker". Zuckerberg said that "it's OK to break things" "to make them better".[49][50] Facebook instituted "hackathons" held every six to eight weeks where participants would have one night to conceive of and complete a project.[49] The company provided music, food, and beer at the hackathons, and many Facebook staff members, including Zuckerberg, regularly attended.[50] "The idea is that you can build something really good in a night", Zuckerberg told Levy. "And that's part of the personality of Facebook now ... It's definitely very core to my personality."[49]
Vanity Fair magazine named Zuckerberg number 1 on its 2010 list of the Top 100 "most influential people of the Information Age".[51] Zuckerberg ranked number 23 on the Vanity Fair 100 list in 2009.[52] In 2010, Zuckerberg was chosen as number 16 in New Statesman's annual survey of the world's 50 most influential figures.[53]
In a 2011 interview with PBS shortly after the death of Steve Jobs, Zuckerberg said that Jobs had advised him on how to create a management team at Facebook that was "focused on building as high quality and good things as you are".[54]
On October 1, 2012, Zuckerberg visited Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev in Moscow to stimulate social media innovation in Russia and to boost Facebook's position in the Russian market.[55] Russia's communications minister tweeted that Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev urged the social media giant's founder to abandon plans to lure away Russian programmers and instead consider opening a research center in Moscow. In 2012, Facebook had roughly 9 million users in Russia, while domestic clone VK had around 34 million.[56] Rebecca Van Dyck, Facebook's head of consumer marketing, claimed that 85 million American Facebook users were exposed to the first day of the Home promotional campaign on April 6, 2013.[57]
On August 19, 2013, The Washington Post reported that Zuckerberg's Facebook profile was hacked by an unemployed web developer.[58]
At the 2013 TechCrunch Disrupt conference, held in September, Zuckerberg stated that he is working towards registering the 5 billion humans who were not connected to the Internet as of the conference on Facebook. Zuckerberg then explained that this is intertwined with the aim of the Internet.org project, whereby Facebook, with the support of other technology companies, seeks to increase the number of people connected to the internet.[59][60]
Zuckerberg was the keynote speaker at the 2014 Mobile World Congress (MWC), held in Barcelona, Spain, in March 2014, which was attended by 75,000 delegates. Various media sources highlighted the connection between Facebook's focus on mobile technology and Zuckerberg's speech, claiming that mobile represents the future of the company.[61] Zuckerberg's speech expands upon the goal that he raised at the TechCrunch conference in September 2013, whereby he is working towards expanding Internet coverage into developing countries.[62]
Alongside other American technology figures like Jeff Bezos and Tim Cook, Zuckerberg hosted visiting Chinese politician Lu Wei, known as the "Internet czar" for his influence in the enforcement of China's online policy, at Facebook's headquarters on December 8, 2014. The meeting occurred after Zuckerberg participated in a Q&A session at Tsinghua University in Beijing, China, on October 23, 2014, where he attempted to converse in Mandarin Chinese; although Facebook is banned in China, Zuckerberg is highly regarded among the people and was at the university to help fuel the nation's burgeoning entrepreneur sector.[63]
Zuckerberg fielded questions during a live Q&A session at the company's headquarters in Menlo Park on December 11, 2014. The founder and CEO explained that he does not believe Facebook is a waste of time, because it facilitates social engagement, and participating in a public session was so that he could "learn how to better serve the community".[64][65]
Zuckerberg receives a one-dollar salary as CEO of Facebook.[2] On December 3, 2016, Forbes reported Facebook shares had declined 7% since November 8, 2016, reducing Zuckerberg's net worth by $3.7 billion.[66] In June 2016, Business Insider named Zuckerberg one of the "Top 10 Business Visionaries Creating Value for the World" along with Elon Musk and Sal Khan, due to the fact that he and his wife "pledged to give away 99% of their wealth — which is estimated at over $52.1 billion."[67]
Wirehog
Main article: Wirehog
A month after Zuckerberg launched Facebook in February 2004, i2hub, another campus-only service, created by Wayne Chang, was launched. i2hub focused on peer-to-peer file sharing. At the time, both i2hub and Facebook were gaining the attention of the press and growing rapidly in users and publicity. In August 2004, Zuckerberg, Andrew McCollum, Adam D'Angelo, and Sean Parker launched a competing peer-to-peer file sharing service called Wirehog, a precursor to Facebook Platform applications.[68][69]
Platform, Beacon, and Connect




Zuckerberg at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland (January 2009).


On May 24, 2007, Zuckerberg announced Facebook Platform, a development platform for programmers to create social applications within Facebook. Within weeks, many applications had been built and some already had millions of users. It grew to more than 800,000 developers around the world building applications for Facebook Platform.[70]
On November 6, 2007, Zuckerberg announced Beacon, a social advertising system that enabled people to share information with their Facebook friends based on their browsing activities on other sites. For example, eBay sellers could let friends know automatically what they have for sale via the Facebook news feed as they listed items for sale. The program came under scrutiny because of privacy concerns from groups and individual users. Zuckerberg and Facebook failed to respond to the concerns quickly, and on December 5, 2007, Zuckerberg wrote a blog post on Facebook,[71] taking responsibility for the concerns about Beacon and offering an easier way for users to opt out of the service.
In 2007, Zuckerberg was added to MIT Technology Review's TR35 list as one of the top 35 innovators in the world under the age of 35.[72] On July 23, 2008, Zuckerberg announced Facebook Connect, a version of Facebook Platform for users.[citation needed]
Internet.org
In a public Facebook post, Zuckerberg launched the Internet.org project in late August 2013. Zuckerberg explained that the primary aim of the initiative is to provide Internet access to the 5 billion people who are not connected as of the launch date. Using a three-tier strategy, Internet.org will also create new jobs and open up new markets, according to Zuckerberg. He stated in his post:

The world economy is going through a massive transition right now. The knowledge economy is the future. By bringing everyone online, we'll not only improve billions of lives, but we'll also improve our own as we benefit from the ideas and productivity they contribute to the world. Giving everyone the opportunity to connect is the foundation for enabling the knowledge economy. It is not the only thing we need to do, but it's a fundamental and necessary step.[60]

To stay proven on the efforts of bringing in the concept of net neutrality, Mark Zuckerberg met Narendra Modi, Satya Nadella and Sundar Pichai at the Silicon Valley, to discuss on how to effectively establish affordable internet access to the less developed countries.[73] As a token of initiation, Mark Zuckerberg changed his Facebook profile picture to extend his support to the Digital India to help the rural communities to stay connected to the internet.[74]
Legal controversies
Main article: Criticism of Facebook
ConnectU lawsuits
Main article: ConnectU
Harvard students Cameron Winklevoss, Tyler Winklevoss, and Divya Narendra accused Zuckerberg of intentionally making them believe he would help them build a social network called HarvardConnection.com (later called ConnectU).[75] They filed a lawsuit in 2004, but it was dismissed on a technicality on March 28, 2007. It was refiled soon thereafter in federal court in Boston. Facebook countersued in regards to Social Butterfly, a project put out by The Winklevoss Chang Group, an alleged partnership between ConnectU and i2hub. On June 25, 2008, the case settled and Facebook agreed to transfer over 1.2 million common shares and pay $20 million in cash.[76]
In November 2007, confidential court documents were posted on the website of 02138, a magazine that catered to Harvard alumni. They included Zuckerberg's Social Security number, his parents' home address, and his girlfriend's address. Facebook filed to have the documents removed, but the judge ruled in favor of 02138.[77]
Saverin lawsuit
A lawsuit filed by Eduardo Saverin against Facebook and Zuckerberg was settled out of court. Though terms of the settlement were sealed, the company affirmed Saverin's title as co-founder of Facebook. Saverin signed a non-disclosure contract after the settlement.[78]
Pakistan criminal investigation
In June 2010, Pakistani Deputy Attorney General Muhammad Azhar Sidiqque launched a criminal investigation into Zuckerberg and Facebook co-founders Dustin Moskovitz and Chris Hughes after a "Draw Muhammad" contest was hosted on Facebook. The investigation named the anonymous German woman who created the contest. Sidiqque asked the country's police to contact Interpol to have Zuckerberg and the three others arrested for blasphemy. On May 19, 2010, Facebook's website was temporarily blocked in Pakistan until Facebook removed the contest from its website at the end of May. Sidiqque also asked its UN representative to raise the issue with the United Nations General Assembly.[79][80]
Paul Ceglia
Main article: Paul Ceglia
In June 2010, Paul Ceglia, the owner of a wood pellet fuel company in Allegany County, upstate New York, filed suit against Zuckerberg, claiming 84 percent ownership of Facebook and seeking monetary damages. According to Ceglia, he and Zuckerberg signed a contract on April 28, 2003, that an initial fee of $1,000 entitled Ceglia to 50% of the website's revenue, as well as an additional 1% interest in the business per day after January 1, 2004, until website completion. Zuckerberg was developing other projects at the time, among which was Facemash, the predecessor of Facebook, but did not register the domain name thefacebook.com until January 1, 2004. Facebook management dismissed the lawsuit as "completely frivolous". Facebook spokesman Barry Schnitt told a reporter that Ceglia's counsel had unsuccessfully sought an out-of-court settlement.[81][82]
On October 26, 2012, federal authorities arrested Ceglia, charging him with mail and wire fraud and of "tampering with, destroying and fabricating evidence in a scheme to defraud the Facebook founder of billions of dollars." Ceglia is accused of fabricating emails to make it appear that he and Zuckerberg discussed details about an early version of Facebook, although after examining their emails, investigators found there was no mention of Facebook in them.[83] Some law firms withdrew from the case before it was initiated and others after Ceglia's arrest.[84][85]
Palestinian terror attacks
On July 2, 2016, Israeli cabinet minister Gilad Erdan accused Zuckerberg of having some responsibility for deadly attacks by Palestinians against Israelis.[86] According to him, the social network was not doing enough to ban posts to its platform that incite violence against Israelis.[87] "Some of the victims' blood is on Zuckerberg's hands", Erdan said.[88]
Hawaiian land ownership
In January 2017, Zuckerberg filed eight "quiet title and partition" lawsuits against hundreds of native Hawaiians to get them to sell their land to him. This land is contained within the 700 acres of land in the Hawaiian island of Kauai that Zuckerberg had purchased in 2014. When he learned that Hawaiian land ownership law differs from that of the other 49 states, he dropped the lawsuits.[89][90]
Depictions in media
The Social Network
Main article: The Social Network
A movie based on Zuckerberg and the founding years of Facebook, The Social Network was released on October 1, 2010, and stars Jesse Eisenberg as Zuckerberg. After Zuckerberg was told about the film, he responded, "I just wished that nobody made a movie of me while I was still alive."[91] Also, after the film's script was leaked on the Internet and it was apparent that the film would not portray Zuckerberg in a wholly positive light, he stated that he wanted to establish himself as a "good guy".[92] The film is based on the book The Accidental Billionaires by Ben Mezrich, which the book's publicist once described as "big juicy fun" rather than "reportage".[93] The film's screenwriter Aaron Sorkin told New York magazine, "I don't want my fidelity to be the truth; I want it to be storytelling", adding, "What is the big deal about accuracy purely for accuracy's sake, and can we not have the true be the enemy of the good?"[94]
Upon winning the Golden Globe Award for Best Picture on January 16, 2011, producer Scott Rudin thanked Facebook and Zuckerberg "for his willingness to allow us to use his life and work as a metaphor through which to tell a story about communication and the way we relate to each other.”[95] Sorkin, who won for Best Screenplay, retracted some of the impressions given in his script:[96]

"I wanted to say to Mark Zuckerberg tonight, if you're watching, Rooney Mara's character makes a prediction at the beginning of the movie. She was wrong. You turned out to be a great entrepreneur, a visionary, and an incredible altruist."

On January 29, 2011, Zuckerberg made a surprise guest appearance on Saturday Night Live, which was being hosted by Jesse Eisenberg. They both said it was the first time they ever met.[97] Eisenberg asked Zuckerberg, who had been critical of his portrayal by the film, what he thought of the movie. Zuckerberg replied, "It was interesting."[98] In a subsequent interview about their meeting, Eisenberg explains that he was "nervous to meet him, because I had spent now, a year and a half thinking about him ..." He adds, "Mark has been so gracious about something that’s really so uncomfortable ... The fact that he would do SNL and make fun of the situation is so sweet and so generous. It’s the best possible way to handle something that, I think, could otherwise be very uncomfortable."[99][100]
Disputed accuracy
Jeff Jarvis, author of the book Public Parts, interviewed Zuckerberg and believes Sorkin made up too much of the story. He states, "That's what the internet is accused of doing, making stuff up, not caring about the facts."[101]
According to David Kirkpatrick, former technology editor at Fortune magazine and author of The Facebook Effect:The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World, (2011),[102] "the film is only "40% true ... he is not snide and sarcastic in a cruel way, the way Zuckerberg is played in the movie." He says that "a lot of the factual incidents are accurate, but many are distorted and the overall impression is false", and concludes that primarily "his motivations were to try and come up with a new way to share information on the Internet".[101]
Although the film portrays Zuckerberg's creation of Facebook in order to elevate his stature after not getting into any of the elite final clubs at Harvard, Zuckerberg said he had no interest in joining the clubs.[20] Kirkpatrick agrees that the impression implied by the film is "false". Karel Baloun, a former senior engineer at Facebook, notes that the "image of Zuckerberg as a socially inept nerd is overstated ... It is fiction ..." He likewise dismisses the film's assertion that he "would deliberately betray a friend".[101]
Other depictions
Zuckerberg voiced himself on an episode of The Simpsons titled "Loan-a Lisa", which first aired on October 3, 2010. In the episode, Lisa Simpson and her friend Nelson encounter Zuckerberg at an entrepreneurs' convention. Zuckerberg tells Lisa that she does not need to graduate from college to be wildly successful, referencing Bill Gates and Richard Branson as examples.[103]
On October 9, 2010, Saturday Night Live lampooned Zuckerberg and Facebook.[104] Andy Samberg played Zuckerberg. The real Zuckerberg was reported to have been amused: "I thought this was funny."[105]
Stephen Colbert awarded a "Medal of Fear" to Zuckerberg at the Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear on October 30, 2010, "because he values his privacy much more than he values yours".[106]
Zuckerberg appears in the climax of the documentary film Terms and Conditions May Apply.[107][108][109]
Philanthropy
See also: Chan Zuckerberg Initiative




Chan and Zuckerberg in Prague (2013)


Zuckerberg donated an undisclosed amount to Diaspora, an open-source personal Web server that implements a distributed social networking service. He called it a "cool idea".[46]
Zuckerberg founded the Start-up: Education foundation.[110][111] On September 22, 2010, it was reported that Zuckerberg had donated $100 million to Newark Public Schools, the public school system of Newark, New Jersey.[112][113] Critics noted the timing of the donation as being close to the release of The Social Network, which painted a somewhat negative portrait of Zuckerberg.[114] Zuckerberg responded to the criticism, saying, "The thing that I was most sensitive about with the movie timing was, I didn't want the press about The Social Network movie to get conflated with the Newark project. I was thinking about doing this anonymously just so that the two things could be kept separate."[115] Newark Mayor Cory Booker stated that he and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie had to convince Zuckerberg's team not to make the donation anonymously.[115] The money was largely wasted, according to journalist Dale Russakoff.[116][117]
On December 9, 2010, Zuckerberg, Bill Gates, and investor Warren Buffett signed "The Giving Pledge", in which they promised to donate to charity at least half of their wealth over the course of time, and invited others among the wealthy to donate 50 percent or more of their wealth to charity.[118]
On December 19, 2013, Zuckerberg announced a donation of 18 million Facebook shares to the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, to be executed by the end of the month—based on Facebook's valuation as of then, the shares totaled $990 million in value. On December 31, 2013, the donation was recognized as the largest charitable gift on public record for 2013.[119] The Chronicle of Philanthropy placed Zuckerberg and his wife at the top of the magazine's annual list of 50 most generous Americans for 2013, having donated roughly $1 billion to charity.[120]
In October 2014, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan donated US$25 million to combat the Ebola virus disease, specifically the West African Ebola virus epidemic.[121][122]
On December 1, 2015, Zuckerberg and Chan announced the birth of their daughter Max, and in an open letter to Max, they pledged to donate 99 percent of their Facebook shares, then valued at US$45 billion, to the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, their new organization that will focus on health and education. The donation will not be given immediately, but over the course of their lives.[123][124] However, instead of forming a charitable corporation to donate the value of the stock to, as Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, Larry Page, Sergey Brin and other tech billionaires have done, Zuckerberg and Chan chose to use the structure of a limited liability company. This has drawn criticism from a number of journalists.[125][126][127][128] Chan and Zuckerberg also signed The Giving Pledge.[129]
Politics
In 2002, Zuckerberg registered to vote in Westchester County, New York, where he grew up, but did not cast a ballot until November 2008. Santa Clara County Registrar of Voters Spokeswoman, Elma Rosas, told Bloomberg that Zuckerberg is listed as "no preference" on voter rolls, and he voted in the past two general elections, in 2008 and 2012.[130][131]
Zuckerberg has never revealed his own political views: some consider him a conservative,[132][133] while others consider him liberal.[134]
On February 13, 2013, Zuckerberg hosted his first ever fundraising event for New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. Zuckerberg's particular interest on this occasion was education reform, and Christie's education reform work focused on teachers unions and the expansion of charter schools.[135][136] Later that year, Zuckerberg hosted a campaign fundraiser for Newark mayor Cory Booker, who was running in the 2013 New Jersey special Senate election.[137] In September 2010, with the support of Governor Chris Christie, Booker obtained a US$100 million pledge from Zuckerberg to Newark Public Schools.[138] In December 2012, Zuckerberg donated 18 million shares to the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, a community organization that includes education in its list of grant-making areas.[139][140]
On April 11, 2013, Zuckerberg led the launch of a 501(c)(4) lobbying group called FWD.us. The founders and contributors to the group were primarily Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and investors, and its president was Joe Green, a close friend of Zuckerberg.[141][142][143][144] The goals of the group include immigration reform, improving the state of education in the United States, and enabling more technological breakthroughs that benefit the public,[145][146] yet it has also been criticized for financing ads advocating a variety of oil and gas development initiatives, including drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and the Keystone XL pipeline.[147] In 2013, numerous liberal and progressive groups, such as The League of Conservation Voters, MoveOn.org, the Sierra Club, Democracy for America, CREDO, Daily Kos, 350.org, and Presente and Progressives United agreed to either pull their Facebook ad buys or not buy Facebook ads for at least two weeks, in protest of Zuckerberg ads funded by FWD.us that were in support of oil drilling and the Keystone XL pipeline, and in opposition to Obamacare among Republican United States senators who back immigration reform.[clarification needed][148]
A media report on June 20, 2013 revealed that Zuckerberg actively engaged with Facebook users on his own profile page after the online publication of a FWD.us video. In response to a claim that the FWD.us organization is "just about tech wanting to hire more people", the Internet entrepreneur replied: "The bigger problem we’re trying to address is ensuring the 11 million undocumented folks living in this country now and similar folks in the future are treated fairly."[149]
In June 2013, Zuckerberg joined Facebook employees in a company float as part of the annual San Francisco Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Pride Celebration. The company first participated in the event in 2011, with 70 employees, and this number increased to 700 for the 2013 march. The 2013 pride celebration was especially significant, as it followed a U.S. Supreme Court ruling that deemed the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) unconstitutional.[150][151]
When questioned about the mid-2013 PRISM scandal at the TechCrunch Disrupt conference in September 2013, Zuckerberg stated that the U.S. government "blew it." He further explained that the government performed poorly in regard to the protection of the freedoms of its citizens, the economy, and companies.[59]
Zuckerberg placed a statement on his Facebook wall on December 9, 2015 which said that he wants "to add my voice in support of Muslims in our community and around the world" in response to the aftermath of the November 2015 Paris attacks and the 2015 San Bernardino attack.[152][153][154][155] The statement also said that Muslims are "always welcome" on Facebook, and that his position was a result of the fact that "as a Jew, my parents taught me that we must stand up against attacks on all communities."[156][157]
On February 24, 2016, Zuckerberg sent out a company-wide internal memo to employees formally rebuking employees who had crossed out handwritten "Black Lives Matter" phrases on the company walls and had written "All Lives Matter" in their place. Facebook allows employees to free-write thoughts and phrases on company walls. The memo was then leaked by several employees. As Zuckerberg had previously condemned this practice at previous company meetings, and other similar requests had been issued by other leaders at Facebook, Zuckerberg wrote in the memo that he would now consider this overwriting practice not only disrespectful, but "malicious as well." According to Zuckerberg's memo, "Black Lives Matter doesn't mean other lives don't -- it's simply asking that the black community also achieves the justice they deserve." The memo also noted that the act of crossing something out in itself, "means silencing speech, or that one person's speech is more important than another's." Zuckerberg also said in the memo that he would be launching investigations into the incidents.[158][159][160] The New York Daily News interviewed Facebook employees who commented anonymously that, "Zuckerberg was genuinely angry about the incident and it really encouraged staff that Zuckerberg showed a clear understanding of why the phrase 'Black Lives Matter' must exist, as well as why writing through it is a form of harassment and erasure." [158]
In January 2017, Zuckerberg criticized Donald Trump’s executive order to severely limit immigrants and refugees from some countries.[161]
Personal life
Zuckerberg met his future wife, fellow student Priscilla Chan, at a fraternity party during his sophomore year at Harvard. They began dating in 2003.[162][163]
In September 2010, Zuckerberg invited Chan, by then a medical student at the University of California, San Francisco,[164] to move into his rented Palo Alto house. Zuckerberg studied Mandarin in preparation for the couple's visit to China in December 2010.[165][166] On May 19, 2012, Zuckerberg and Chan married in Zuckerberg's backyard in an event that also celebrated her graduation from medical school.[167][168][169] On July 31, 2015, Zuckerberg announced that he and Chan were expecting a baby girl. He said he felt confident that the risk of miscarrying was low so far into the pregnancy, after Chan had already suffered three miscarriages.[170] On December 1, Zuckerberg announced the birth of their daughter, Maxima Chan Zuckerberg ("Max").[171][172] The couple announced on their Chinese New Year video, published on February 6, 2016, that Maxima's official Chinese name is Chen Mingyu (Chinese: 陈明宇).[173] In March 2017, he announced that the two are expecting another daughter.[174]
While raised Jewish, Zuckerberg later identified as an atheist,[175][22][176] a position he has since renounced.[177] He has shown an appreciation for Buddhism.[178][179] With regard to Christianity, both Zuckerberg and his wife told Pope Francis in August 2016 "how much we admire his message of mercy and tenderness, and how he's found new ways to communicate with people of every faith around the world."[180][181][182] In December 2016, when asked "Aren't you an atheist?" in response to a Christmas Day post on Facebook, Zuckerberg responded, "No. I was raised Jewish and then I went through a period where I questioned things, but now I believe religion is very important."[177] As he closed his commencement address at Harvard University in May 2017, Zuckerberg shared the Jewish prayer Mi Shebeirach, which he stated he says when he faces challenges in life.[183][184]
See also

Criticism of Facebook
Mark Zuckerberg book club

References


^ Pilkington, Ed (March 10, 2011). "Forbes rich list: Facebook six stake their claims". The Guardian. UK. Retrieved March 30, 2011. 
^ a b "Facebook, Inc. Proxy Statement". United States Security and Exchange Commission. April 26, 2013. p. 31. Retrieved March 30, 2014. On January 1, 2013, Mr. Zuckerberg’s annual base salary was reduced to $1 and he will no longer receive annual bonus compensation under our Bonus Plan. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg - Forbes". Forbes. 
^ Napach, Bernice (July 26, 2013). "Facebook Surges and Mark Zuckerberg Pockets $3.8 Billion". Yahoo! Finance. 
^ Hiltzik, Michael (May 20, 2012). "Facebook shareholders are wedded to the whims of Mark Zuckerberg". Los Angeles Times. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg". Forbes. Retrieved April 19, 2016. 
^ "The World's Billionaires List". Forbes. Retrieved December 12, 2016. 
^ Carlson, Nicholas (March 5, 2010). "At Last – The Full Story Of How Facebook Was Founded". Business Insider. 
^ The Giving Pledge website, retrieved December 3, 2015
^ BBC News. The great Facebook giveaway - how will it work?, December 2, 2015
^ http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-34978249
^ a b Grossman, Lev (December 15, 2010). "Person of the Year 2010: Mark Zuckerberg". Time. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg". Forbes. March 2012. Retrieved May 19, 2012. 
^ "The All-Time TIME 100 of All Time". Time. April 18, 2012. Retrieved April 20, 2012. 
^ "The World's Most Powerful People". Forbes. December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg's career in 90 seconds". The Daily Telegraph. Retrieved March 3, 2017. 
^ Malone, Jasmine (Dec 15, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg wins Time person of the year: profile". The Daily Telegraph. London. 
^ "The Zuckerbergs of Dobbs Ferry", New York, no. May 14, 2012, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (Jan 27, 2017). "My great grandparents came from Germany, Austria, and Poland.". Facebook. PaloAlto. 
^ a b c d Vargas, Jose Antonio (September 20, 2010). "The Face of Facebook". The New Yorker. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Burrell, Ian (July 24, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg: He's got the whole world on his site". The Independent. UK. Retrieved November 6, 2010. 
^ a b Kirkpatrick, David (2010). The Facebook Effect: The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World. New York: Simon & Schuster. pp. 20–21. ISBN 978-1-4391-0211-4. Retrieved November 9, 2010. 
^ McDevitt, Caitlin (March 5, 2010). "What We Learned About Mark Zuckerberg This Week". The Big Money. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Grynbaum, Michael M. (June 10, 2004). "Mark E. Zuckerberg '06: The whiz behind thefacebook.com". The Harvard Crimson. 
^ "4-thing-mark-zuckerberg". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ "facebook-founder-mark-zuckerberg-child-prodigy". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ Hemos/Dan Moore (April 21, 2003). "Machine Learning and MP3s". Slashdot. Retrieved September 3, 2010. 
^ Dreier, Troy (February 8, 2005). "Synapse Media Player Review". PCMag.com. Retrieved September 3, 2010. 
^ Larson, Chase (March 25, 2011), Mark Zuckerberg speaks at BYU, calls Facebook "as much psychology and sociology as it is technology", Deseret News, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ a b "Facebook founder's roommate recounts creation of Internet giant". Haaretz. Oct 5, 2009. 
^ Hoffman, Claire (June 28, 2008). "The Battle for Facebook". Rolling Stone. New York. Archived from the original on July 3, 2008. Retrieved February 5, 2009. 
^ Seward, Zachary M. (July 25, 2007). "Judge Expresses Skepticism About Facebook Lawsuit". The Wall Street Journal. New York. Retrieved April 30, 2008. 
^ Carlson, Nicolas (March 5, 2010). "In 2004, Mark Zuckerberg Broke Into A Facebook User's Private Email Account". Business Insider. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Stone, Brad (June 28, 2008). "Judge Ends Facebook's Feud With ConnectU". New York Times blog. 
^ Rushe, Dominic (February 2, 2012). "Facebook IPO sees Winklevoss twins heading for $300m fortune". The Guardian. London. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg, Harvard dropout, returns to open arms". CS Monitor. November 9, 2011. 
^ Fell, Jason (14 May 2014). "As Mark Zuckerberg Turns 30, His 10 Best Quotes as CEO". Entrepreneur. Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Retrieved 16 May 2014. 
^ Steinbock, Anna (May 25, 2017). "Harvard awards 10 honorary degrees". Harvard Gazette. Retrieved May 25, 2017. 
^ "13 YEARS AFTER QUITTING, FACEBOOK CEO MARK ZUCKERBERG GETS HONORARY HARVARD DEGREE". PPP Focus. 28 May 2017. 
^ a b Antonas, Steffan (May 10, 2009). "Did Mark Zuckerberg's Inspiration for Facebook Come Before Harvard?". ReadWrite Social. SAY Media, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ a b "Face-to-Face with Mark Zuckerberg '02". Phillips Exeter Academy. Phillips Exeter Academy. January 24, 2007. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^

Holt, Chris (March 10, 2004). "Thefacebook.com's darker side". The Stanford Daily. 
Nguyen, Lananh (April 12, 2004). "Online network created by Harvard students flourishes". The Tufts Daily. College Media Network. Archived from the original on October 15, 2013. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
Rotberg, Emily (April 14, 2004). "Thefacebook.com opens to Duke students". The Chronicle. Duke Student Publishing Company. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
"Students flock to join college online facebook". The Daily Pennsylvanian. Archived from the original on August 25, 2011. 


^ Alice Speri (August 7, 2012). "Zuckerberg's Roomie Aims to Win for Haiti". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Teller, Sam (November 1, 2005). "Zuckerberg To Leave Harvard Indefinitely". The Harvard Crimson. The Harvard Crimson, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Kevin J. Feeney (February 24, 2005). "Business, Casual.". The Harvard Crimson. The Harvard Crimson, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ a b c Singel, Ryan (May 28, 2010). "Epicenter: Mark Zuckerberg: I Donated to Open Source, Facebook Competitor". Wired News. Condé Nast Publishing. Retrieved May 29, 2010. 
^ MacMillan, Robert (April 1, 2009). "Yu, Zuckerberg and the Facebook fallout". Reuters. Retrieved March 26, 2013. In a back-to-the-future move, former Netscape CFO Peter Currie will be the key adviser to Facebook about financial matters, until a new search for a CFO is found, sources said. 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (July 22, 2010), 500 Million Stories, The Facebook Blog, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ a b c Levy, Steven (April 19, 2010). "Geek Power: Steven Levy Revisits Tech Titans, Hackers, Idealists". Wired. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ a b McGirt, Ellen (February 17, 2010). "The World's Most Innovative Companies 2010". Fast Company. Retrieved September 24, 2010. 
^ "The Vanity Fair 100". Vanity Fair. October 2010. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "The Vanity Fair 100". Vanity Fair. September 1, 2010. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg – 50 People who matter 2010". New Statesman. UK. Retrieved September 27, 2010. 
^ "Facebook's Zuckerberg says Steve Jobs advised on company focus, management". Bloomberg. November 7, 2011. Retrieved November 12, 2011. 
^ "Zuckerberg in Moscow to boost Facebook's presence". France24.com. October 1, 2012. Archived from the original on October 3, 2012. 
^ "Russia pushes Facebook to open research center". FoxNews. October 1, 2012. 
^ Delo, Cotton (April 16, 2013). "Facebook Practices What It Preaches for 'Home' Ad Blitz". Ad Age digital. Crain Communications. Retrieved April 18, 2013. 
^ Caitlin Dewey (August 19, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg's Facebook page was hacked by an unemployed web developer". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 19, 2013. 
^ a b Edwards, Victoria (September 21, 2013). "6 Things We Learned From Marissa Mayer and Mark Zuckerberg at TechCrunch Disrupt 2013". TechCrunch. AOL Inc. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ a b Stevenson, Alastair (August 22, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg Creates Tech Justice League to Bring Internet to the Masses". Search Engine Watch. Incisive Media Incisive Interactive Marketing LLC. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^

Samuel Gibbs (February 23, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg goes to Barcelona to make mobile friends". The Guardian. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
Sven Grundberg (January 16, 2014). "Facebook's Zuckerberg to Speak at Mobile World Congress". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
Meyer, David (January 16, 2014). "Facebook's Zuckerberg to headline Mobile World Congress this year". Gigaom. Gigaom, Inc. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 


^ Mark Gregory (February 22, 2014). "Mobile World Congress: What to expect from Barcelona". BBC News. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
^ Alex Hern, Jonathan Kaiman (October 23, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg addresses Chinese university in Mandarin". The Guardian. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Maria Tadeo (December 12, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg Q&A: What we learnt about the Facebook founder". The Independent. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Sam Colt (December 12, 2014). "Facebook May Be Adding a 'Dislike' Button". Inc. Monsueto Ventures. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Kirsch, Noah (December 3, 2016). "Since Trump's Election, Mark Zuckerberg's Net Worth Has Fallen $3.7 Billion". Forbes.com. Retrieved December 4, 2016. 
^ "The top 10 business visionaries creating value for the world". Business Insider. Business Insider Inc. 
^ Martey Dodoo (August 16, 2004). "Wirehog?". Martey Dodoo. 
^ Alan J. Tabak (August 13, 2004). "Zuckerberg Programs New Website". Harvard Crimson. 
^ "80000 developers". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ "The Facebook Blog | Facebook". Blog.facebook.com. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ "2007 Young Innovators Under 35: Mark Zuckerberg, 23". MIT Technology Review. 2007. Retrieved August 14, 2011. 
^ "Meet at the Silicon Valley among the tech leaders and Indian Prime Minister-Narendra Modi". Retrieved October 9, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg supports Digital India". Retrieved October 9, 2015. 
^ Carlson, Nicholas. "In 2004, Mark Zuckerberg Broke Into A Facebook User's Private Email Account". Silicon Alley Insider. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Logged in as click here to log out (February 12, 2009). "Facebook paid up to $65m to founder Mark Zuckerberg's ex-classmates". Guardian. UK. Retrieved August 21, 2009. 
^ McCarthy, Caroline (November 30, 2007). "article about 02138". News.com. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ Hempel, Jessi (July 25, 2009). "The book that Facebook doesn't want you to read". CNN Money. Archived from the original on September 14, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ West, Jackson. "Facebook CEO Named in Pakistan Criminal Investigation". NBC Bay Area. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ "Zuckerberg faces criminal investigation in Pakistan". 
^ Anderson, John (July 29, 2010). "Facebook does not have a like button for Ceglia". WellsvilleDaily.com. Retrieved August 29, 2010. 
^ "Venture beat coverage of Ceglia lawsuit". 
^ "Feds Collar Would-Be Facebook Fraudster". E-Commerce News. October 29, 2012. 
^ "A Dubious Case Found Lawyers Eager to Make Some Money". New York Times. October 29, 2012. 
^ "Paul Ceglia's lawyer drops out of Facebook suit after arrest". San Jose Mercury News. October 30, 2012. 
^ "Israeli minister accused facebook and its founder". Newsweek. Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg is facing claims that Facebook is not helping Israel crack down on terror". Express. Retrieved July 3, 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg has terror victim's 'blood on his hands', Israeli minister says". International Business Times. Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ Mark Zuckerberg hits back at 'misleading' claims he is suing Hawaiian landowners, Wired, January 20, 2017
^ "Facebook's Zuckerberg officially drops Hawaii 'quiet title' actions", Pacific Business News, Feb. 26, 2017
^ Fried, Ina (June 2, 2010). "Zuckerberg in the hot seat at D8". CNET. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ Harlow, John (May 16, 2010). "Movie depicts seamy life of Facebook boss". The Times Online. London. Retrieved July 18, 2010. 
^ Cieply, Michael & Helft, Miguel (August 20, 2010). "Facebook Feels Unfriendly Toward Film It Inspired". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Harris, Mark (September 17, 2010). "Inventing Facebook". New York. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ "The Social Network Filmmakers Thank Zuckerberg During Golden Globes". Techland. Time. January 17, 2011. 
^ "Last Night, Aaron Sorkin Demonstrated How to Apologize Without Accepting Responsibility". NYMag. January 17, 2011. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Meets Jesse Eisenberg on Saturday Night Live". People. January 30, 2011. Retrieved January 30, 2011. 
^ "Jesse Eisenberg meets the real Mark Zuckerberg on SNL". Digital Trends. January 31, 2011. 
^ "Jesse Eisenberg Calls Mark Zuckerberg "Sweet" and "Generous" in His Funny Oscar Nominees Lunch Interview" Popsugar, February 7, 2011
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Meets Jesse Eisenberg On The 'Saturday Night Live' Stage" NPR, January 30, 2011
^ a b c Rohrer, Finlo. "Is the Facebook movie the truth about Mark Zuckerberg" BBC, September 30, 2010
^ "The Facebook Effect: The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World", release date February 1, 2011
^ "Facebook Creator Mark Zuckerberg to Get Yellow on The Simpsons". New York. July 21, 2010. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Griggs, Brandon (October 11, 2010). "Facebook, Zuckerberg spoofed on 'SNL'". CNN. Retrieved October 11, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg ‘Liked’ SNL’s Facebook Skit". New York. October 12, 2010. Retrieved January 28, 2011. 
^ Lerer, Lisa & McMillan, Traci (October 30, 2010). "Comedy Central's Stewart Says Press, Politicians Are Creating Extremism". Bloomberg. Retrieved November 4, 2010. 
^ Nina Metz Chicago Closeup 9:00 a.m. CDT, July 18, 2013 (July 18, 2013). "Terms and Conditions May Apply". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved May 25, 2014. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "'Terms and Conditions May Apply' Details Digital-Age Loss of Privacy". New York Times. Retrieved May 25, 2014.  (paid)
^ Hoback, Cullen. "Our data is our digital identity - and we need to reclaim control | Technology". theguardian.com. Retrieved May 25, 2014. 
^ "Mayor Says Newark Is 40% There in Matching Facebook Founder's Grant". The Chronicle of Philanthropy. September 27, 2010. 
^ Ng, Philiana (September 24, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg: 'The Social Network' is 'fun'". The Hollywood Reporter. 
^ Tracy, Ryan (November 23, 2010). "Can Mark Zuckerberg's Money Save Newark's Schools?". Newsweek. 
^ Reidel, David (September 22, 2010). "Facebook CEO to Gift $100M to Newark Schools". CBS News.com. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg's Well-Timed $100 million Donation to Newark Public Schools". New York Magazine. September 22, 2010. Retrieved September 28, 2010. 
^ a b Isaac, Mike (September 24, 2010). "Zuckerberg Pressured To Announce $100 million Donation To Newark". Forbes. Retrieved Sep 28, 2010. 
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mark-zuckerbergs-100-million-donation-155608055.html
^ https://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/23/books/review/the-prize-by-dale-russakoff.html
^

Gonzales, Sandra (December 8, 2010). "Zuckerberg to donate wealth". San Jose Mercury News. 
"US billionaires pledge 50% of their wealth to charity". BBC. August 4, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
Moss, Rosabeth (December 14, 2010). "Four Strategic Generosity Lessons". Business Week. Retrieved March 9, 2011. 


^

Bailey, Brandon (December 19, 2013). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg makes $1 billion donation". San Jose Mercury News. Retrieved December 20, 2013. 
Sparkes, Matthew (December 19, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg donates $1bn to charity". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved December 20, 2013. 
Wagner, Kurt (January 3, 2014). "Zuckerberg's Other Billion-Dollar Idea: 2013's Biggest Charitable Gift". Mashable. Mashable. Retrieved January 3, 2014. 


^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg biggest giver in 2013". USA Today. February 10, 2014. 
^ Phillip, Abby (October 14, 2014). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and wife Priscilla Chan donate $25 million to Ebola fight". The Washington Post. Retrieved October 25, 2014. 
^ Kroll, Luisa (October 14, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg Is Giving $25 Million To Fight Ebola". Forbes. Retrieved October 25, 2014. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Vows to Donate 99% of His Facebook Shares for Charity". The New York Times. December 1, 2015. 
^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg to give away 99% of shares". BBC News Online. December 1, 2015. Retrieved December 1, 2015. 
^ "How Mark Zuckerberg’s Altruism Helps Himself". The New York Times. December 3, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg and the Rise of Philanthrocapitalism". The New Yorker. December 2, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg’s Philanthropy Uses L.L.C. for More Control". The New York Times. December 2, 2015. 
^ "Why Mark Zuckerberg's huge new donation is going to an LLC rather than a charity". Vox. December 2, 2015. 
^ givingpledge.org/
^ Katharine Mieszkowski  (April 19, 2011). "President Obama's Facebook appearance aimed at young voters; Bay Area visit targets big donors". The Bay Citizen. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ David Cohen (February 14, 2013). "Protestors Target Mark Zuckerberg’s Fundraiser For N.J. Gov. Chris Christie". AllFacebook. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ Ben Branstetter (October 21, 2013). "Conservatives including Mark Zuckerberg, Grover Norquist urge House to pass immigration reform". UPI. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ "Why Mark Zuckerberg is a conservative (and why that matters)". The Daily Dot. October 30, 2013. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ "2013: Year of the Liberal Billionaires". Politico. November 1, 2013. 
^ Julia Boorstin (February 13, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg 'Likes' Governor Chris Christie". CNBC. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Kate Zernike (January 24, 2013). "Facebook Chief to Hold Fund-Raiser for Christie". The New York Times. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Young, Elise (June 8, 2013). "Zuckerberg Plans Fundraiser for Cory Booker’s Senate Run". Bloomberg. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ Christine Richard, "Ackman Cash for Booker Brings $240 Million Aid From Wall Street", Bloomberg, October 28, 2010
^ "Education". Silicon valley Community Foundation. 
^ Cassidy, Mike (February 15, 2013). "Cassidy: Silicon Valley needs to harness its innovative spirit to level the playing field for blacks and Hispanics". The Mercury News. Retrieved April 23, 2013. 
^ Constine, Josh (April 11, 2013). "Zuckerberg And A Team Of Tech All-Stars Launch Political Advocacy Group FWD.us". TechCrunch. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Ferenstein, Gregory (April 11, 2013). "Zuckerberg Launches A Tech Lobby, But What Will It Do Differently?". TechCrunch. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Malik, Om (April 11, 2013). "Why I have issues with Mark Zuckerberg’s FWD.us". Gigaom. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Brian, Matt (April 11, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg launches FWD.us with notable Silicon Valley execs in fight for immigration reform". The Verge. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (April 11, 2013). "Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg: Immigration and the knowledge economy". The Washington Post. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ "About Us". FWD.us. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Handley, Meg (April 30, 2013). "Facebook's Zuckerberg Takes Heat Over Keystone, Drilling Ads". U.S. News & World Report. Archived from the original on May 3, 2013. Retrieved May 3, 2013. 
^ Weiner, Rachel. "Liberal groups boycotting Facebook over immigration push". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 7, 2013. 
^ Constine, Josh (June 20, 2013). "Zuckerberg Replies To His Facebook Commenters’ Questions On Immigration". TechCrunch. Aol Tech. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Gallagher, Billy (June 30, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg ‘Likes’ SF LGBT Pride As Tech Companies Publicly Celebrate Equal Rights". TechCrunch. AOL Inc. Retrieved July 2, 2013. 
^ Evelyn M. Rusli (June 30, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg Leads 700 Facebook Employees in SF Gay Pride". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved July 2, 2013. 
^ Emery, Debbie (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Vows to ‘Fight to Protect’ Muslim Rights on Facebook". TheWrap. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ White, Daniel (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Offers Support to Muslims in Facebook Post". Time Magazine. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Griffin, Andrew (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg speaks in support of Muslims after week of ‘hate’". The Guardian. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Cenk Uygur (December 10, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Stands With Muslims". The Young Turks. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Zuckerberg Invokes Jewish Heritage in Facebook Post Supporting Muslims". Haaretz. December 10, 2015. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Tait, Robert (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg voices support for Muslims amid Donald Trump ban row". The Daily Telegraph. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ a b King, Shaun (February 25, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg forced to address racism among Facebook staff after vandals target Black Lives Matter phrases". New York Daily News. Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ Jessica, Guynn (February 25, 2016). "Zuckerberg reprimands Facebook staff defacing 'Black Lives Matter' slogan". USA Today. Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ Snyder, Benjamin (February 25, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Takes Facebook Workers to Task Over "All Lives Matter" Graffiti". Fortune (magazine). Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ theguardian.com 28 January 2017: Mark Zuckerberg challenges Trump on immigration and 'extreme vetting' order
^ O'Connor, Clare (May 20, 2012), Mark Zuckerberg's Wife Priscilla Chan: A New Brand of Billionaire Bride, Forbes, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ Status Update: Mark Zuckerberg is married to Priscilla Chan, Techstroke, May 20, 2012, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ "White Coats on a Rainbow of Students", Spotlight, UCSF School of Medicine. Cf. Priscilla Chan, 23.
^ Spiegel, Rob (December 20, 2010). "Zuckerberg Goes Searching in China". 
^ "Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg learn chinese every morning". ChineseTime.cn. September 29, 2010. 
^ Stein, Joel. "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries sweetheart". Retrieved May 19, 2012. 
^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries Priscilla Chan". cbsnews.com. Retrieved May 20, 2012. 
^ Wohlsen, Marcus (May 19, 2012). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries longtime girlfriend, Priscilla Chan: Palo Alto, Calif., ceremony caps busy week after company goes public". msnbc.com. Associated Press. Retrieved May 20, 2012. 
^ "Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg to become a father". BBC News. BBC. July 31, 2015. Retrieved August 1, 2015. 
^ "The Switch Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan to give away 99 percent of their Facebook stock, worth $45 billion". 
^ "A letter to our daughter". www.facebook.com. Retrieved December 1, 2015. 
^ Kell, John (February 8, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Reveals Daughter's Chinese Name". Fortune.com. Retrieved February 29, 2016. In a pretty adorable video shared by the tech executive over the weekend, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan said their daughter Max's Chinese name is Chen Mingyu. 
^ Heath, Alex (March 9, 2017). "Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan are expecting another baby". Business Insider. Retrieved March 9, 2017. 
^ Vara, Vauhini (November 28, 2007). "Just How Much Do We Want to Share On Social Networks?". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ Daniel Alef (October 17, 2010). Mark Zuckerberg: The Face Behind Facebook and Social Networking. Titans of Fortune Publishing. ISBN 9781608043118. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ a b Julie Zauzmer (December 30, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg says he’s no longer an atheist, believes ‘religion is very important’". The Washington Post. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ "Facebook Is Injecting Buddhism Into Its Core Business So It Can Be More Compassionate". Retrieved June 25, 2013. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg says "Buddhism is an amazing religion". Retrieved October 27, 2015. 
^ Zauzmer, Julie (29 August 2016). "Pope Francis and Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg had a meeting today - The Washington Post". The Washington Post. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Fox, Emily Jane (29 August 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Gives the Pope an Unusual Gift". Vanity Fair. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Esteves, Junno Arocho (29 August 2016). "Pope meets with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg". America. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Bailey, Sarah Pulliam (25 May 2017). "Mark Zuckerberg shares the prayer he says to his daughter every night -". The Washington Post. Retrieved 6 June 2017. Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg gave the commencement address at Harvard University on Thursday, closing his speech by sharing a Jewish prayer called the “Mi Shebeirach,” which he said he recites whenever he faces a big challenge and which he sings to his daughter, thinking of her future, when he tucks her in at night. 
^ Hallowell, Billy (26 May 2017). "After Abandoning Atheism, Facebook Founder Mark Zuckerberg Reveals the Prayer He Sings to His Daughter Every Night Before Bed". Faithwire. Retrieved 6 June 2017. It was during Zuckerberg’s commencement address at Harvard University that he shared a Jewish prayer called the “Mi Shebeirach”— an invocation that he said he recites as he copes with major challenges in life and also when he tucks his child in at night, the Washington Post reported. 


External links



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Mark Zuckerberg





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Mark Zuckerberg.



Mark Zuckerberg on Facebook 
Mark Zuckerberg on IMDb 







v
t
e


Facebook



Website



Features
Beacon
Graph Search
EdgeRank
Platform
Payments
Facebook like button
Facebookcorewwwi.onion
Facebook Live
Facebook Zero
Facebook Stories





Other
products




Current



Instagram

followed users
liked pictures


Messenger
M (virtual assistant)
MSQRD
Oculus Rift
WhatsApp
Workplace





Former



Camera
FriendFeed
Home

HTC First


Paper
Poke (app)
Riff
Slingshot
Wirehog








People




Founders



Mark Zuckerberg (28% equity)
Dustin Moskovitz (7%)
Eduardo Saverin (5%, formerly)
Chris Hughes (1%, formerly)
Andrew McCollum





Board



Mark Zuckerberg
Jim Breyer (11%)
Peter Thiel (2%)
Sheryl Sandberg
Marc Andreessen
Erskine Bowles
Susan Desmond-Hellmann
Donald E. Graham
Reed Hastings





Executive
officers




Current



Mark Zuckerberg (Chairman and CEO)
Sheryl Sandberg (COO)
David Wehner (CFO)
Mike Schroepfer (CTO)





Former



Sean Parker (4%, formerly)
Owen Van Natta
Gideon Yu
Adam D'Angelo
Chris Kelly
Bret Taylor
David Ebersman








Notable
employees




Current



Chris Cox (VP of Product)
Elliot Schrage (VP of Global Communications, Marketing and Public Policy)
Lars Rasmussen (Graph Search director)
John Carmack (CTO of Oculus VR)
Hugo Barra (VP of Oculus VR)
Naomi Gleit (VP of social good)





Former



Blake Ross (Director of Product)
Ted Ullyot (VP, General Counsel, and Secretary)
Matt Cohler
Charlie Cheever
Randi Zuckerberg
Yishan Wong
George Hotz
Joe Lockhart
Andrei Alexandrescu (research scientist)











Open source



Apache Cassandra
Apache Hive
Apache Thrift
FQL
Hack
HipHop for PHP
Phabricator
React
Scribe
Open Compute Project





Mass media



The Facebook Effect
The Accidental Billionaires
The Social Network





Concepts



Activity stream
Social graph
Friending and following
Reblogging
Fan-gating
Facebook diplomacy
Facebook like button





Business



History
Timeline
Acquisitions
f8 conference
IPO
Censorship
Criticism
Litigation





Divisions



Facebook AI Research
Facebook Creative Labs





Related



Priscilla Chan (wife of Mark Zuckerberg)
Chan Zuckerberg Initiative












v
t
e


Time Persons of the Year (2001–present)






Rudolph Giuliani (2001)
The Whistleblowers: Cynthia Cooper / Coleen Rowley / Sherron Watkins (2002)
The American Soldier (2003)
George W. Bush (2004)
The Good Samaritans: Bono / Bill Gates / Melinda Gates (2005)
You (2006)
Vladimir Putin (2007)
Barack Obama (2008)
Ben Bernanke (2009)
Mark Zuckerberg (2010)
The Protestor (2011)
Barack Obama (2012)
Pope Francis (2013)
Ebola Fighters: Dr. Jerry Brown / Dr. Kent Brantly / Ella Watson-Stryker / Foday Gollah / Salome Karmah (2014)
Angela Merkel (2015)
Donald Trump (2016)








Complete roster
1927–1950
1951–1975
1976–2000
2001–present












v
t
e


The World's Billionaires – Top ten richest people in the world as of 20 April 2017






 Bill Gates ($86.0B, United States)
 Warren Buffett ($75.6B, United States)
 Jeff Bezos ($72.8B, United States)
 Amancio Ortega ($71.3B, Spain)
 Mark Zuckerberg ($56.0B, United States)
 Carlos Slim ($54.5B, Mexico)
 Larry Ellison ($52.2B, United States)
 Charles Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 David Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 Michael Bloomberg ($47.5B, United States)












v
t
e


Wealthiest people in the United States by state







AL
Jimmy Rane


AK
Leonard Hyde and Jonathan Rubini


AZ
Bruce Halle


AR
Jim Walton


CA
Mark Zuckerberg


CO
Charlie Ergen


CT
Ray Dalio


DE
Robert W. Gore and Elizabeth Snyder


FL
Thomas Peterffy


GA
Jim Kennedy


HI
Pierre Omidyar


ID
Frank L. VanderSloot


IL
Kenneth C. Griffin


IN
Carl Cook


IA
Harry Stine


KS
Charles Koch


KY
B. Wayne Hughes


LA
Tom Benson


ME
Bill and Susan Alfond


MD
Ted Lerner


MA
Abigail Johnson


MI
Dan Gilbert


MN
Whitney MacMillan


MS
Leslie Lampton


MO
Stan Kroenke


MT
Dennis Washington


NE
Warren Buffett


NV
Sheldon Adelson


NH
Andrea Reimann-Ciardelli


NJ
Donald Newhouse


NM
Mack C. Chase


NY
Michael Bloomberg


NC
James Goodnight


ND
Gary Tharaldson


OH
Les Wexner


OK
Harold Hamm


OR
Phil Knight


PA
Mary Alice Dorrance Malone


RI
Jonathan M. Nelson


SC
Anita Zucker


SD
T. Denny Sanford


TN
Thomas F. Frist Jr.


TX
Alice Walton


UT
Gail Miller


VT
John Abele


VA
Jacqueline Mars


WA
Bill Gates


WV
Jim Justice


WI
John Menard Jr.


WY
John Mars









Biography portal
Internet portal
United States portal





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 101338851
LCCN: n2009022154
ISNI: 0000 0001 1478 8765
GND: 139618171
SUDOC: 143320165
BNF: cb16182911f (data)
BIBSYS: 10033777
NDL: 01235319










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mark_Zuckerberg&oldid=792644760"					
Categories: 1984 births21st-century American businesspeopleAmerican billionairesAmerican chairmen of corporationsAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican computer programmersAmerican Internet celebritiesAmerican JewsAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican technology company foundersBusinesspeople from New YorkBusinesspeople from the San Francisco Bay AreaDirectors of FacebookFacebook employeesLiving peopleNerd culturePeople from Dobbs Ferry, New YorkPeople from Palo Alto, CaliforniaPeople from White Plains, New YorkPhillips Exeter Academy alumniPeople with color blindnessLife extensionistsGiving PledgersHidden categories: CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected biographies of living peopleUse American English from March 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from October 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2017Articles with unsourced statements from February 2016Wikipedia articles needing clarification from May 2014Articles containing Chinese-language textWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with BIBSYS identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎BislamaБългарскиBoarischBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalegoગુજરાતી한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡKapampanganქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliKurdîКыргызчаLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiमराठीმარგალურიمصرىBahasa MelayuМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanଓଡ଼ିଆOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیភាសាខ្មែរPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitతెలుగుTetunไทยТоҷикӣTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray粵語Zazaki中文डोटेली 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 19:09.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Mark Zuckerberg - Wikipedia




















 







Mark Zuckerberg

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Marc Zuckerberg)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Zuckerberg" redirects here. For other people with the surname, see Zuckerberg (name).


Mark Zuckerberg



Zuckerberg in 2014



Born
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg
(1984-05-14) May 14, 1984 (age 33)[1]
White Plains, New York, U.S.


Residence
Palo Alto, California, U.S.


Occupation
Computer programmer, Internet entrepreneur


Years active
2004–present


Known for
Co-founder of Facebook


Home town
Dobbs Ferry, New York, U.S.


Salary
One-dollar salary[2]


Net worth
US$63.7 billion (June 2017)[3]


Title
Chairman and CEO of Facebook


Spouse(s)
Priscilla Chan (m. 2012)


Children
1


Relatives
Randi Zuckerberg (sister)


Website
facebook.com/zuck


Signature





Mark Elliot Zuckerberg (born May 14, 1984) is an American computer programmer and Internet entrepreneur. He is a co-founder of Facebook, and currently operates as its chairman and chief executive officer.[4][5] His net worth is estimated to be US$63.3 billion as of May 2017, and he is ranked by Forbes as the fifth richest person in the world.[6][7]
Zuckerberg launched Facebook from his Harvard University dormitory room on February 4, 2004. He was assisted by his college roommates and fellow Harvard students Eduardo Saverin, Andrew McCollum, Dustin Moskovitz, and Chris Hughes.[8] The group then introduced Facebook to other college campuses. Facebook expanded rapidly, reaching one billion users by 2012. Meanwhile, Zuckerberg was involved in various legal disputes brought by others in the group, who claimed a share of the company based upon their involvement during the development phase of Facebook.
In December 2012, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan announced that over the course of their lives they would give the majority of their wealth to "advancing human potential and promoting equality" in the spirit of The Giving Pledge.[9] On December 1, 2015, they announced they would eventually give 99 percent of their Facebook shares (worth about US$45 billion at the time) to the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative.[10][11]
Since 2010, Time magazine has named Zuckerberg among the 100 wealthiest and most influential people in the world as a part of its Person of the Year award.[12][13][14] In December 2016, Zuckerberg was ranked 10th on Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[15]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Software developer

2.1 Early years
2.2 College years


3 Career

3.1 Facebook
3.2 Wirehog
3.3 Platform, Beacon, and Connect
3.4 Internet.org
3.5 Legal controversies

3.5.1 ConnectU lawsuits
3.5.2 Saverin lawsuit
3.5.3 Pakistan criminal investigation
3.5.4 Paul Ceglia
3.5.5 Palestinian terror attacks
3.5.6 Hawaiian land ownership




4 Depictions in media

4.1 The Social Network

4.1.1 Disputed accuracy


4.2 Other depictions


5 Philanthropy
6 Politics
7 Personal life
8 See also
9 References
10 External links



Early life

External video




 Mark Zuckerberg's career in 90 seconds, The Daily Telegraph[16]


Zuckerberg was born in 1984 in White Plains, New York.[17] He is the son of Karen (née Kempner), a psychiatrist, and Edward Zuckerberg, a dentist.[18] His ancestors came from Germany, Austria and Poland.[19] He and his three sisters, Randi, Donna, and Arielle, were brought up in Dobbs Ferry, New York, a small Westchester County village about 21 miles north of Midtown Manhattan.[20] Zuckerberg was raised Jewish and had his Bar Mitzvah when he turned 13.[21]
At Ardsley High School, Zuckerberg excelled in classes. He transferred to the exclusive private school Phillips Exeter Academy, in New Hampshire, in his junior year, where he won prizes in science (math, astronomy, and physics) and classical studies. In his youth, he also attended the Johns Hopkins Center for Talented Youth summer camp. On his college application, Zuckerberg claimed that he could read and write French, Hebrew, Latin, and ancient Greek. He was captain of the fencing team.[22][23][24]
Software developer
Early years
Zuckerberg began using computers and writing software in middle school. His father taught him Atari BASIC Programming in the 1990s, and later hired software developer David Newman to tutor him privately. Newman calls him a "prodigy", adding that it was "tough to stay ahead of him". Zuckerberg took a graduate course in the subject at Mercy College near his home while still in high school. He enjoyed developing computer programs, especially communication tools and games. In one program, since his father's dental practice was operated from their home, he built a software program he called "ZuckNet" that allowed all the computers between the house and dental office to communicate with each other. It is considered a "primitive" version of AOL's Instant Messenger, which came out the following year.[25][26]
According to writer Jose Antonio Vargas, "some kids played computer games. Mark created them." Zuckerberg himself recalls this period: "I had a bunch of friends who were artists. They'd come over, draw stuff, and I'd build a game out of it." However, notes Vargas, Zuckerberg was not a typical "geek-klutz", as he later became captain of his prep school fencing team and earned a classics diploma. Napster co-founder Sean Parker, a close friend, notes that Zuckerberg was "really into Greek odysseys and all that stuff", recalling how he once quoted lines from the Roman epic poem Aeneid, by Virgil, during a Facebook product conference.[20]
During Zuckerberg's high school years, he worked under the company name Intelligent Media Group to build a music player called the Synapse Media Player. The device used machine learning to learn the user's listening habits, which was posted to Slashdot[27] and received a rating of 3 out of 5 from PC Magazine.[28]
College years
Vargas noted that by the time Zuckerberg began classes at Harvard, he had already achieved a "reputation as a programming prodigy". He studied psychology and computer science and belonged to Alpha Epsilon Pi and Kirkland House.[12][20][29] In his sophomore year, he wrote a program that he called CourseMatch, which allowed users to make class selection decisions based on the choices of other students and also to help them form study groups. A short time later, he created a different program he initially called Facemash that let students select the best looking person from a choice of photos. According to Arie Hasit, Zuckerberg's roommate at the time, "he built the site for fun". Hasit explains:

We had books called Face Books, which included the names and pictures of everyone who lived in the student dorms. At first, he built a site and placed two pictures, or pictures of two males and two females. Visitors to the site had to choose who was "hotter" and according to the votes there would be a ranking.[30]

The site went up over a weekend, but by Monday morning, the college shut it down, because its popularity had overwhelmed one of Harvard's network switches and prevented students from accessing the Internet. In addition, many students complained that their photos were being used without permission. Zuckerberg apologized publicly, and the student paper ran articles stating that his site was "completely improper."[30]
The following semester, in January 2004, Zuckerberg began writing code for a new Web site.[31] On February 4, 2004, Zuckerberg launched "Thefacebook", originally located at thefacebook.com.[32]
Six days after the site launched, three Harvard seniors, Cameron Winklevoss, Tyler Winklevoss, and Divya Narendra, accused Zuckerberg of intentionally misleading them into believing he would help them build a social network called HarvardConnection.com, while he was instead using their ideas to build a competing product.[33] The three complained to The Harvard Crimson, and the newspaper began an investigation in response.[citation needed]
Following the official launch of the Facebook social media platform, the three filed a lawsuit against Zuckerberg that resulted in a settlement.[34] The agreed settlement was for 1.2 million Facebook shares that were worth US$300 million at Facebook's IPO.[35]
Zuckerberg dropped out of Harvard in his sophomore year to complete his project.[36] In January 2014, he recalled:

I remember really vividly, you know, having pizza with my friends a day or two after—I opened up the first version of Facebook at the time I thought, "You know, someone needs to build a service like this for the world." But I just never thought that we'd be the ones to help do it. And I think a lot of what it comes down to is we just cared more.[37]

Zuckerberg later received an honorary degree from Harvard on 28 May 2017.[38][39]
Career




Zuckerberg listening to President Barack Obama before a private meeting where Obama dined with technology business leaders in Woodside, California, February 17, 2011.


Facebook
Main articles: Facebook and History of Facebook
On February 4, 2004, Zuckerberg launched Facebook from his Harvard dormitory room.[40][41] An earlier inspiration for Facebook may have come from Phillips Exeter Academy, the prep school from which Zuckerberg graduated in 2002. It published its own student directory, "The Photo Address Book", which students referred to as "The Facebook". Such photo directories were an important part of the student social experience at many private schools. With them, students were able to list attributes such as their class years, their friends, and their telephone numbers.[40]
Once at college, Zuckerberg's Facebook started off as just a "Harvard thing" until Zuckerberg decided to spread it to other schools, enlisting the help of roommate Dustin Moskovitz. They began with Columbia University, New York University, Stanford, Dartmouth, Cornell, University of Pennsylvania, Brown, and Yale.[42] Samyr Laine, a triple jumper representing Haiti at the 2012 Summer Olympics, shared a room with Zuckerberg during Facebook's founding. "Mark was clearly on to great things," said Laine, who was Facebook's fourteenth user.[43]
Zuckerberg, Moskovitz and some friends moved to Palo Alto, California in Silicon Valley where they leased a small house that served as an office. Over the summer, Zuckerberg met Peter Thiel, who invested in the company. They got their first office in mid-2004. According to Zuckerberg, the group planned to return to Harvard, but eventually decided to remain in California.[44][45] They had already turned down offers by major corporations to buy the company. In an interview in 2007, Zuckerberg explained his reasoning: "It's not because of the amount of money. For me and my colleagues, the most important thing is that we create an open information flow for people. Having media corporations owned by conglomerates is just not an attractive idea to me."[41]
He restated these goals to Wired magazine in 2010: "The thing I really care about is the mission, making the world open."[46] Earlier, in April 2009, Zuckerberg sought the advice of former Netscape CFO Peter Currie about financing strategies for Facebook.[47] On July 21, 2010, Zuckerberg reported that the company reached the 500 million-user mark.[48] When asked whether Facebook could earn more income from advertising as a result of its phenomenal growth, he explained:

I guess we could ... If you look at how much of our page is taken up with ads compared to the average search query. The average for us is a little less than 10 percent of the pages and the average for search is about 20 percent taken up with ads ... That's the simplest thing we could do. But we aren't like that. We make enough money. Right, I mean, we are keeping things running; we are growing at the rate we want to.[46]

In 2010, Steven Levy, who wrote the 1984 book Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution, wrote that Zuckerberg "clearly thinks of himself as a hacker". Zuckerberg said that "it's OK to break things" "to make them better".[49][50] Facebook instituted "hackathons" held every six to eight weeks where participants would have one night to conceive of and complete a project.[49] The company provided music, food, and beer at the hackathons, and many Facebook staff members, including Zuckerberg, regularly attended.[50] "The idea is that you can build something really good in a night", Zuckerberg told Levy. "And that's part of the personality of Facebook now ... It's definitely very core to my personality."[49]
Vanity Fair magazine named Zuckerberg number 1 on its 2010 list of the Top 100 "most influential people of the Information Age".[51] Zuckerberg ranked number 23 on the Vanity Fair 100 list in 2009.[52] In 2010, Zuckerberg was chosen as number 16 in New Statesman's annual survey of the world's 50 most influential figures.[53]
In a 2011 interview with PBS shortly after the death of Steve Jobs, Zuckerberg said that Jobs had advised him on how to create a management team at Facebook that was "focused on building as high quality and good things as you are".[54]
On October 1, 2012, Zuckerberg visited Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev in Moscow to stimulate social media innovation in Russia and to boost Facebook's position in the Russian market.[55] Russia's communications minister tweeted that Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev urged the social media giant's founder to abandon plans to lure away Russian programmers and instead consider opening a research center in Moscow. In 2012, Facebook had roughly 9 million users in Russia, while domestic clone VK had around 34 million.[56] Rebecca Van Dyck, Facebook's head of consumer marketing, claimed that 85 million American Facebook users were exposed to the first day of the Home promotional campaign on April 6, 2013.[57]
On August 19, 2013, The Washington Post reported that Zuckerberg's Facebook profile was hacked by an unemployed web developer.[58]
At the 2013 TechCrunch Disrupt conference, held in September, Zuckerberg stated that he is working towards registering the 5 billion humans who were not connected to the Internet as of the conference on Facebook. Zuckerberg then explained that this is intertwined with the aim of the Internet.org project, whereby Facebook, with the support of other technology companies, seeks to increase the number of people connected to the internet.[59][60]
Zuckerberg was the keynote speaker at the 2014 Mobile World Congress (MWC), held in Barcelona, Spain, in March 2014, which was attended by 75,000 delegates. Various media sources highlighted the connection between Facebook's focus on mobile technology and Zuckerberg's speech, claiming that mobile represents the future of the company.[61] Zuckerberg's speech expands upon the goal that he raised at the TechCrunch conference in September 2013, whereby he is working towards expanding Internet coverage into developing countries.[62]
Alongside other American technology figures like Jeff Bezos and Tim Cook, Zuckerberg hosted visiting Chinese politician Lu Wei, known as the "Internet czar" for his influence in the enforcement of China's online policy, at Facebook's headquarters on December 8, 2014. The meeting occurred after Zuckerberg participated in a Q&A session at Tsinghua University in Beijing, China, on October 23, 2014, where he attempted to converse in Mandarin Chinese; although Facebook is banned in China, Zuckerberg is highly regarded among the people and was at the university to help fuel the nation's burgeoning entrepreneur sector.[63]
Zuckerberg fielded questions during a live Q&A session at the company's headquarters in Menlo Park on December 11, 2014. The founder and CEO explained that he does not believe Facebook is a waste of time, because it facilitates social engagement, and participating in a public session was so that he could "learn how to better serve the community".[64][65]
Zuckerberg receives a one-dollar salary as CEO of Facebook.[2] On December 3, 2016, Forbes reported Facebook shares had declined 7% since November 8, 2016, reducing Zuckerberg's net worth by $3.7 billion.[66] In June 2016, Business Insider named Zuckerberg one of the "Top 10 Business Visionaries Creating Value for the World" along with Elon Musk and Sal Khan, due to the fact that he and his wife "pledged to give away 99% of their wealth — which is estimated at over $52.1 billion."[67]
Wirehog
Main article: Wirehog
A month after Zuckerberg launched Facebook in February 2004, i2hub, another campus-only service, created by Wayne Chang, was launched. i2hub focused on peer-to-peer file sharing. At the time, both i2hub and Facebook were gaining the attention of the press and growing rapidly in users and publicity. In August 2004, Zuckerberg, Andrew McCollum, Adam D'Angelo, and Sean Parker launched a competing peer-to-peer file sharing service called Wirehog, a precursor to Facebook Platform applications.[68][69]
Platform, Beacon, and Connect




Zuckerberg at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland (January 2009).


On May 24, 2007, Zuckerberg announced Facebook Platform, a development platform for programmers to create social applications within Facebook. Within weeks, many applications had been built and some already had millions of users. It grew to more than 800,000 developers around the world building applications for Facebook Platform.[70]
On November 6, 2007, Zuckerberg announced Beacon, a social advertising system that enabled people to share information with their Facebook friends based on their browsing activities on other sites. For example, eBay sellers could let friends know automatically what they have for sale via the Facebook news feed as they listed items for sale. The program came under scrutiny because of privacy concerns from groups and individual users. Zuckerberg and Facebook failed to respond to the concerns quickly, and on December 5, 2007, Zuckerberg wrote a blog post on Facebook,[71] taking responsibility for the concerns about Beacon and offering an easier way for users to opt out of the service.
In 2007, Zuckerberg was added to MIT Technology Review's TR35 list as one of the top 35 innovators in the world under the age of 35.[72] On July 23, 2008, Zuckerberg announced Facebook Connect, a version of Facebook Platform for users.[citation needed]
Internet.org
In a public Facebook post, Zuckerberg launched the Internet.org project in late August 2013. Zuckerberg explained that the primary aim of the initiative is to provide Internet access to the 5 billion people who are not connected as of the launch date. Using a three-tier strategy, Internet.org will also create new jobs and open up new markets, according to Zuckerberg. He stated in his post:

The world economy is going through a massive transition right now. The knowledge economy is the future. By bringing everyone online, we'll not only improve billions of lives, but we'll also improve our own as we benefit from the ideas and productivity they contribute to the world. Giving everyone the opportunity to connect is the foundation for enabling the knowledge economy. It is not the only thing we need to do, but it's a fundamental and necessary step.[60]

To stay proven on the efforts of bringing in the concept of net neutrality, Mark Zuckerberg met Narendra Modi, Satya Nadella and Sundar Pichai at the Silicon Valley, to discuss on how to effectively establish affordable internet access to the less developed countries.[73] As a token of initiation, Mark Zuckerberg changed his Facebook profile picture to extend his support to the Digital India to help the rural communities to stay connected to the internet.[74]
Legal controversies
Main article: Criticism of Facebook
ConnectU lawsuits
Main article: ConnectU
Harvard students Cameron Winklevoss, Tyler Winklevoss, and Divya Narendra accused Zuckerberg of intentionally making them believe he would help them build a social network called HarvardConnection.com (later called ConnectU).[75] They filed a lawsuit in 2004, but it was dismissed on a technicality on March 28, 2007. It was refiled soon thereafter in federal court in Boston. Facebook countersued in regards to Social Butterfly, a project put out by The Winklevoss Chang Group, an alleged partnership between ConnectU and i2hub. On June 25, 2008, the case settled and Facebook agreed to transfer over 1.2 million common shares and pay $20 million in cash.[76]
In November 2007, confidential court documents were posted on the website of 02138, a magazine that catered to Harvard alumni. They included Zuckerberg's Social Security number, his parents' home address, and his girlfriend's address. Facebook filed to have the documents removed, but the judge ruled in favor of 02138.[77]
Saverin lawsuit
A lawsuit filed by Eduardo Saverin against Facebook and Zuckerberg was settled out of court. Though terms of the settlement were sealed, the company affirmed Saverin's title as co-founder of Facebook. Saverin signed a non-disclosure contract after the settlement.[78]
Pakistan criminal investigation
In June 2010, Pakistani Deputy Attorney General Muhammad Azhar Sidiqque launched a criminal investigation into Zuckerberg and Facebook co-founders Dustin Moskovitz and Chris Hughes after a "Draw Muhammad" contest was hosted on Facebook. The investigation named the anonymous German woman who created the contest. Sidiqque asked the country's police to contact Interpol to have Zuckerberg and the three others arrested for blasphemy. On May 19, 2010, Facebook's website was temporarily blocked in Pakistan until Facebook removed the contest from its website at the end of May. Sidiqque also asked its UN representative to raise the issue with the United Nations General Assembly.[79][80]
Paul Ceglia
Main article: Paul Ceglia
In June 2010, Paul Ceglia, the owner of a wood pellet fuel company in Allegany County, upstate New York, filed suit against Zuckerberg, claiming 84 percent ownership of Facebook and seeking monetary damages. According to Ceglia, he and Zuckerberg signed a contract on April 28, 2003, that an initial fee of $1,000 entitled Ceglia to 50% of the website's revenue, as well as an additional 1% interest in the business per day after January 1, 2004, until website completion. Zuckerberg was developing other projects at the time, among which was Facemash, the predecessor of Facebook, but did not register the domain name thefacebook.com until January 1, 2004. Facebook management dismissed the lawsuit as "completely frivolous". Facebook spokesman Barry Schnitt told a reporter that Ceglia's counsel had unsuccessfully sought an out-of-court settlement.[81][82]
On October 26, 2012, federal authorities arrested Ceglia, charging him with mail and wire fraud and of "tampering with, destroying and fabricating evidence in a scheme to defraud the Facebook founder of billions of dollars." Ceglia is accused of fabricating emails to make it appear that he and Zuckerberg discussed details about an early version of Facebook, although after examining their emails, investigators found there was no mention of Facebook in them.[83] Some law firms withdrew from the case before it was initiated and others after Ceglia's arrest.[84][85]
Palestinian terror attacks
On July 2, 2016, Israeli cabinet minister Gilad Erdan accused Zuckerberg of having some responsibility for deadly attacks by Palestinians against Israelis.[86] According to him, the social network was not doing enough to ban posts to its platform that incite violence against Israelis.[87] "Some of the victims' blood is on Zuckerberg's hands", Erdan said.[88]
Hawaiian land ownership
In January 2017, Zuckerberg filed eight "quiet title and partition" lawsuits against hundreds of native Hawaiians to get them to sell their land to him. This land is contained within the 700 acres of land in the Hawaiian island of Kauai that Zuckerberg had purchased in 2014. When he learned that Hawaiian land ownership law differs from that of the other 49 states, he dropped the lawsuits.[89][90]
Depictions in media
The Social Network
Main article: The Social Network
A movie based on Zuckerberg and the founding years of Facebook, The Social Network was released on October 1, 2010, and stars Jesse Eisenberg as Zuckerberg. After Zuckerberg was told about the film, he responded, "I just wished that nobody made a movie of me while I was still alive."[91] Also, after the film's script was leaked on the Internet and it was apparent that the film would not portray Zuckerberg in a wholly positive light, he stated that he wanted to establish himself as a "good guy".[92] The film is based on the book The Accidental Billionaires by Ben Mezrich, which the book's publicist once described as "big juicy fun" rather than "reportage".[93] The film's screenwriter Aaron Sorkin told New York magazine, "I don't want my fidelity to be the truth; I want it to be storytelling", adding, "What is the big deal about accuracy purely for accuracy's sake, and can we not have the true be the enemy of the good?"[94]
Upon winning the Golden Globe Award for Best Picture on January 16, 2011, producer Scott Rudin thanked Facebook and Zuckerberg "for his willingness to allow us to use his life and work as a metaphor through which to tell a story about communication and the way we relate to each other.”[95] Sorkin, who won for Best Screenplay, retracted some of the impressions given in his script:[96]

"I wanted to say to Mark Zuckerberg tonight, if you're watching, Rooney Mara's character makes a prediction at the beginning of the movie. She was wrong. You turned out to be a great entrepreneur, a visionary, and an incredible altruist."

On January 29, 2011, Zuckerberg made a surprise guest appearance on Saturday Night Live, which was being hosted by Jesse Eisenberg. They both said it was the first time they ever met.[97] Eisenberg asked Zuckerberg, who had been critical of his portrayal by the film, what he thought of the movie. Zuckerberg replied, "It was interesting."[98] In a subsequent interview about their meeting, Eisenberg explains that he was "nervous to meet him, because I had spent now, a year and a half thinking about him ..." He adds, "Mark has been so gracious about something that’s really so uncomfortable ... The fact that he would do SNL and make fun of the situation is so sweet and so generous. It’s the best possible way to handle something that, I think, could otherwise be very uncomfortable."[99][100]
Disputed accuracy
Jeff Jarvis, author of the book Public Parts, interviewed Zuckerberg and believes Sorkin made up too much of the story. He states, "That's what the internet is accused of doing, making stuff up, not caring about the facts."[101]
According to David Kirkpatrick, former technology editor at Fortune magazine and author of The Facebook Effect:The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World, (2011),[102] "the film is only "40% true ... he is not snide and sarcastic in a cruel way, the way Zuckerberg is played in the movie." He says that "a lot of the factual incidents are accurate, but many are distorted and the overall impression is false", and concludes that primarily "his motivations were to try and come up with a new way to share information on the Internet".[101]
Although the film portrays Zuckerberg's creation of Facebook in order to elevate his stature after not getting into any of the elite final clubs at Harvard, Zuckerberg said he had no interest in joining the clubs.[20] Kirkpatrick agrees that the impression implied by the film is "false". Karel Baloun, a former senior engineer at Facebook, notes that the "image of Zuckerberg as a socially inept nerd is overstated ... It is fiction ..." He likewise dismisses the film's assertion that he "would deliberately betray a friend".[101]
Other depictions
Zuckerberg voiced himself on an episode of The Simpsons titled "Loan-a Lisa", which first aired on October 3, 2010. In the episode, Lisa Simpson and her friend Nelson encounter Zuckerberg at an entrepreneurs' convention. Zuckerberg tells Lisa that she does not need to graduate from college to be wildly successful, referencing Bill Gates and Richard Branson as examples.[103]
On October 9, 2010, Saturday Night Live lampooned Zuckerberg and Facebook.[104] Andy Samberg played Zuckerberg. The real Zuckerberg was reported to have been amused: "I thought this was funny."[105]
Stephen Colbert awarded a "Medal of Fear" to Zuckerberg at the Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear on October 30, 2010, "because he values his privacy much more than he values yours".[106]
Zuckerberg appears in the climax of the documentary film Terms and Conditions May Apply.[107][108][109]
Philanthropy
See also: Chan Zuckerberg Initiative




Chan and Zuckerberg in Prague (2013)


Zuckerberg donated an undisclosed amount to Diaspora, an open-source personal Web server that implements a distributed social networking service. He called it a "cool idea".[46]
Zuckerberg founded the Start-up: Education foundation.[110][111] On September 22, 2010, it was reported that Zuckerberg had donated $100 million to Newark Public Schools, the public school system of Newark, New Jersey.[112][113] Critics noted the timing of the donation as being close to the release of The Social Network, which painted a somewhat negative portrait of Zuckerberg.[114] Zuckerberg responded to the criticism, saying, "The thing that I was most sensitive about with the movie timing was, I didn't want the press about The Social Network movie to get conflated with the Newark project. I was thinking about doing this anonymously just so that the two things could be kept separate."[115] Newark Mayor Cory Booker stated that he and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie had to convince Zuckerberg's team not to make the donation anonymously.[115] The money was largely wasted, according to journalist Dale Russakoff.[116][117]
On December 9, 2010, Zuckerberg, Bill Gates, and investor Warren Buffett signed "The Giving Pledge", in which they promised to donate to charity at least half of their wealth over the course of time, and invited others among the wealthy to donate 50 percent or more of their wealth to charity.[118]
On December 19, 2013, Zuckerberg announced a donation of 18 million Facebook shares to the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, to be executed by the end of the month—based on Facebook's valuation as of then, the shares totaled $990 million in value. On December 31, 2013, the donation was recognized as the largest charitable gift on public record for 2013.[119] The Chronicle of Philanthropy placed Zuckerberg and his wife at the top of the magazine's annual list of 50 most generous Americans for 2013, having donated roughly $1 billion to charity.[120]
In October 2014, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan donated US$25 million to combat the Ebola virus disease, specifically the West African Ebola virus epidemic.[121][122]
On December 1, 2015, Zuckerberg and Chan announced the birth of their daughter Max, and in an open letter to Max, they pledged to donate 99 percent of their Facebook shares, then valued at US$45 billion, to the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, their new organization that will focus on health and education. The donation will not be given immediately, but over the course of their lives.[123][124] However, instead of forming a charitable corporation to donate the value of the stock to, as Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, Larry Page, Sergey Brin and other tech billionaires have done, Zuckerberg and Chan chose to use the structure of a limited liability company. This has drawn criticism from a number of journalists.[125][126][127][128] Chan and Zuckerberg also signed The Giving Pledge.[129]
Politics
In 2002, Zuckerberg registered to vote in Westchester County, New York, where he grew up, but did not cast a ballot until November 2008. Santa Clara County Registrar of Voters Spokeswoman, Elma Rosas, told Bloomberg that Zuckerberg is listed as "no preference" on voter rolls, and he voted in the past two general elections, in 2008 and 2012.[130][131]
Zuckerberg has never revealed his own political views: some consider him a conservative,[132][133] while others consider him liberal.[134]
On February 13, 2013, Zuckerberg hosted his first ever fundraising event for New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. Zuckerberg's particular interest on this occasion was education reform, and Christie's education reform work focused on teachers unions and the expansion of charter schools.[135][136] Later that year, Zuckerberg hosted a campaign fundraiser for Newark mayor Cory Booker, who was running in the 2013 New Jersey special Senate election.[137] In September 2010, with the support of Governor Chris Christie, Booker obtained a US$100 million pledge from Zuckerberg to Newark Public Schools.[138] In December 2012, Zuckerberg donated 18 million shares to the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, a community organization that includes education in its list of grant-making areas.[139][140]
On April 11, 2013, Zuckerberg led the launch of a 501(c)(4) lobbying group called FWD.us. The founders and contributors to the group were primarily Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and investors, and its president was Joe Green, a close friend of Zuckerberg.[141][142][143][144] The goals of the group include immigration reform, improving the state of education in the United States, and enabling more technological breakthroughs that benefit the public,[145][146] yet it has also been criticized for financing ads advocating a variety of oil and gas development initiatives, including drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and the Keystone XL pipeline.[147] In 2013, numerous liberal and progressive groups, such as The League of Conservation Voters, MoveOn.org, the Sierra Club, Democracy for America, CREDO, Daily Kos, 350.org, and Presente and Progressives United agreed to either pull their Facebook ad buys or not buy Facebook ads for at least two weeks, in protest of Zuckerberg ads funded by FWD.us that were in support of oil drilling and the Keystone XL pipeline, and in opposition to Obamacare among Republican United States senators who back immigration reform.[clarification needed][148]
A media report on June 20, 2013 revealed that Zuckerberg actively engaged with Facebook users on his own profile page after the online publication of a FWD.us video. In response to a claim that the FWD.us organization is "just about tech wanting to hire more people", the Internet entrepreneur replied: "The bigger problem we’re trying to address is ensuring the 11 million undocumented folks living in this country now and similar folks in the future are treated fairly."[149]
In June 2013, Zuckerberg joined Facebook employees in a company float as part of the annual San Francisco Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Pride Celebration. The company first participated in the event in 2011, with 70 employees, and this number increased to 700 for the 2013 march. The 2013 pride celebration was especially significant, as it followed a U.S. Supreme Court ruling that deemed the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) unconstitutional.[150][151]
When questioned about the mid-2013 PRISM scandal at the TechCrunch Disrupt conference in September 2013, Zuckerberg stated that the U.S. government "blew it." He further explained that the government performed poorly in regard to the protection of the freedoms of its citizens, the economy, and companies.[59]
Zuckerberg placed a statement on his Facebook wall on December 9, 2015 which said that he wants "to add my voice in support of Muslims in our community and around the world" in response to the aftermath of the November 2015 Paris attacks and the 2015 San Bernardino attack.[152][153][154][155] The statement also said that Muslims are "always welcome" on Facebook, and that his position was a result of the fact that "as a Jew, my parents taught me that we must stand up against attacks on all communities."[156][157]
On February 24, 2016, Zuckerberg sent out a company-wide internal memo to employees formally rebuking employees who had crossed out handwritten "Black Lives Matter" phrases on the company walls and had written "All Lives Matter" in their place. Facebook allows employees to free-write thoughts and phrases on company walls. The memo was then leaked by several employees. As Zuckerberg had previously condemned this practice at previous company meetings, and other similar requests had been issued by other leaders at Facebook, Zuckerberg wrote in the memo that he would now consider this overwriting practice not only disrespectful, but "malicious as well." According to Zuckerberg's memo, "Black Lives Matter doesn't mean other lives don't -- it's simply asking that the black community also achieves the justice they deserve." The memo also noted that the act of crossing something out in itself, "means silencing speech, or that one person's speech is more important than another's." Zuckerberg also said in the memo that he would be launching investigations into the incidents.[158][159][160] The New York Daily News interviewed Facebook employees who commented anonymously that, "Zuckerberg was genuinely angry about the incident and it really encouraged staff that Zuckerberg showed a clear understanding of why the phrase 'Black Lives Matter' must exist, as well as why writing through it is a form of harassment and erasure." [158]
In January 2017, Zuckerberg criticized Donald Trump’s executive order to severely limit immigrants and refugees from some countries.[161]
Personal life
Zuckerberg met his future wife, fellow student Priscilla Chan, at a fraternity party during his sophomore year at Harvard. They began dating in 2003.[162][163]
In September 2010, Zuckerberg invited Chan, by then a medical student at the University of California, San Francisco,[164] to move into his rented Palo Alto house. Zuckerberg studied Mandarin in preparation for the couple's visit to China in December 2010.[165][166] On May 19, 2012, Zuckerberg and Chan married in Zuckerberg's backyard in an event that also celebrated her graduation from medical school.[167][168][169] On July 31, 2015, Zuckerberg announced that he and Chan were expecting a baby girl. He said he felt confident that the risk of miscarrying was low so far into the pregnancy, after Chan had already suffered three miscarriages.[170] On December 1, Zuckerberg announced the birth of their daughter, Maxima Chan Zuckerberg ("Max").[171][172] The couple announced on their Chinese New Year video, published on February 6, 2016, that Maxima's official Chinese name is Chen Mingyu (Chinese: 陈明宇).[173] In March 2017, he announced that the two are expecting another daughter.[174]
While raised Jewish, Zuckerberg later identified as an atheist,[175][22][176] a position he has since renounced.[177] He has shown an appreciation for Buddhism.[178][179] With regard to Christianity, both Zuckerberg and his wife told Pope Francis in August 2016 "how much we admire his message of mercy and tenderness, and how he's found new ways to communicate with people of every faith around the world."[180][181][182] In December 2016, when asked "Aren't you an atheist?" in response to a Christmas Day post on Facebook, Zuckerberg responded, "No. I was raised Jewish and then I went through a period where I questioned things, but now I believe religion is very important."[177] As he closed his commencement address at Harvard University in May 2017, Zuckerberg shared the Jewish prayer Mi Shebeirach, which he stated he says when he faces challenges in life.[183][184]
See also

Criticism of Facebook
Mark Zuckerberg book club

References


^ Pilkington, Ed (March 10, 2011). "Forbes rich list: Facebook six stake their claims". The Guardian. UK. Retrieved March 30, 2011. 
^ a b "Facebook, Inc. Proxy Statement". United States Security and Exchange Commission. April 26, 2013. p. 31. Retrieved March 30, 2014. On January 1, 2013, Mr. Zuckerberg’s annual base salary was reduced to $1 and he will no longer receive annual bonus compensation under our Bonus Plan. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg - Forbes". Forbes. 
^ Napach, Bernice (July 26, 2013). "Facebook Surges and Mark Zuckerberg Pockets $3.8 Billion". Yahoo! Finance. 
^ Hiltzik, Michael (May 20, 2012). "Facebook shareholders are wedded to the whims of Mark Zuckerberg". Los Angeles Times. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg". Forbes. Retrieved April 19, 2016. 
^ "The World's Billionaires List". Forbes. Retrieved December 12, 2016. 
^ Carlson, Nicholas (March 5, 2010). "At Last – The Full Story Of How Facebook Was Founded". Business Insider. 
^ The Giving Pledge website, retrieved December 3, 2015
^ BBC News. The great Facebook giveaway - how will it work?, December 2, 2015
^ http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-34978249
^ a b Grossman, Lev (December 15, 2010). "Person of the Year 2010: Mark Zuckerberg". Time. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg". Forbes. March 2012. Retrieved May 19, 2012. 
^ "The All-Time TIME 100 of All Time". Time. April 18, 2012. Retrieved April 20, 2012. 
^ "The World's Most Powerful People". Forbes. December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg's career in 90 seconds". The Daily Telegraph. Retrieved March 3, 2017. 
^ Malone, Jasmine (Dec 15, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg wins Time person of the year: profile". The Daily Telegraph. London. 
^ "The Zuckerbergs of Dobbs Ferry", New York, no. May 14, 2012, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (Jan 27, 2017). "My great grandparents came from Germany, Austria, and Poland.". Facebook. PaloAlto. 
^ a b c d Vargas, Jose Antonio (September 20, 2010). "The Face of Facebook". The New Yorker. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Burrell, Ian (July 24, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg: He's got the whole world on his site". The Independent. UK. Retrieved November 6, 2010. 
^ a b Kirkpatrick, David (2010). The Facebook Effect: The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World. New York: Simon & Schuster. pp. 20–21. ISBN 978-1-4391-0211-4. Retrieved November 9, 2010. 
^ McDevitt, Caitlin (March 5, 2010). "What We Learned About Mark Zuckerberg This Week". The Big Money. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Grynbaum, Michael M. (June 10, 2004). "Mark E. Zuckerberg '06: The whiz behind thefacebook.com". The Harvard Crimson. 
^ "4-thing-mark-zuckerberg". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ "facebook-founder-mark-zuckerberg-child-prodigy". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ Hemos/Dan Moore (April 21, 2003). "Machine Learning and MP3s". Slashdot. Retrieved September 3, 2010. 
^ Dreier, Troy (February 8, 2005). "Synapse Media Player Review". PCMag.com. Retrieved September 3, 2010. 
^ Larson, Chase (March 25, 2011), Mark Zuckerberg speaks at BYU, calls Facebook "as much psychology and sociology as it is technology", Deseret News, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ a b "Facebook founder's roommate recounts creation of Internet giant". Haaretz. Oct 5, 2009. 
^ Hoffman, Claire (June 28, 2008). "The Battle for Facebook". Rolling Stone. New York. Archived from the original on July 3, 2008. Retrieved February 5, 2009. 
^ Seward, Zachary M. (July 25, 2007). "Judge Expresses Skepticism About Facebook Lawsuit". The Wall Street Journal. New York. Retrieved April 30, 2008. 
^ Carlson, Nicolas (March 5, 2010). "In 2004, Mark Zuckerberg Broke Into A Facebook User's Private Email Account". Business Insider. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Stone, Brad (June 28, 2008). "Judge Ends Facebook's Feud With ConnectU". New York Times blog. 
^ Rushe, Dominic (February 2, 2012). "Facebook IPO sees Winklevoss twins heading for $300m fortune". The Guardian. London. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg, Harvard dropout, returns to open arms". CS Monitor. November 9, 2011. 
^ Fell, Jason (14 May 2014). "As Mark Zuckerberg Turns 30, His 10 Best Quotes as CEO". Entrepreneur. Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Retrieved 16 May 2014. 
^ Steinbock, Anna (May 25, 2017). "Harvard awards 10 honorary degrees". Harvard Gazette. Retrieved May 25, 2017. 
^ "13 YEARS AFTER QUITTING, FACEBOOK CEO MARK ZUCKERBERG GETS HONORARY HARVARD DEGREE". PPP Focus. 28 May 2017. 
^ a b Antonas, Steffan (May 10, 2009). "Did Mark Zuckerberg's Inspiration for Facebook Come Before Harvard?". ReadWrite Social. SAY Media, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ a b "Face-to-Face with Mark Zuckerberg '02". Phillips Exeter Academy. Phillips Exeter Academy. January 24, 2007. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^

Holt, Chris (March 10, 2004). "Thefacebook.com's darker side". The Stanford Daily. 
Nguyen, Lananh (April 12, 2004). "Online network created by Harvard students flourishes". The Tufts Daily. College Media Network. Archived from the original on October 15, 2013. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
Rotberg, Emily (April 14, 2004). "Thefacebook.com opens to Duke students". The Chronicle. Duke Student Publishing Company. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
"Students flock to join college online facebook". The Daily Pennsylvanian. Archived from the original on August 25, 2011. 


^ Alice Speri (August 7, 2012). "Zuckerberg's Roomie Aims to Win for Haiti". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Teller, Sam (November 1, 2005). "Zuckerberg To Leave Harvard Indefinitely". The Harvard Crimson. The Harvard Crimson, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Kevin J. Feeney (February 24, 2005). "Business, Casual.". The Harvard Crimson. The Harvard Crimson, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ a b c Singel, Ryan (May 28, 2010). "Epicenter: Mark Zuckerberg: I Donated to Open Source, Facebook Competitor". Wired News. Condé Nast Publishing. Retrieved May 29, 2010. 
^ MacMillan, Robert (April 1, 2009). "Yu, Zuckerberg and the Facebook fallout". Reuters. Retrieved March 26, 2013. In a back-to-the-future move, former Netscape CFO Peter Currie will be the key adviser to Facebook about financial matters, until a new search for a CFO is found, sources said. 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (July 22, 2010), 500 Million Stories, The Facebook Blog, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ a b c Levy, Steven (April 19, 2010). "Geek Power: Steven Levy Revisits Tech Titans, Hackers, Idealists". Wired. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ a b McGirt, Ellen (February 17, 2010). "The World's Most Innovative Companies 2010". Fast Company. Retrieved September 24, 2010. 
^ "The Vanity Fair 100". Vanity Fair. October 2010. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "The Vanity Fair 100". Vanity Fair. September 1, 2010. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg – 50 People who matter 2010". New Statesman. UK. Retrieved September 27, 2010. 
^ "Facebook's Zuckerberg says Steve Jobs advised on company focus, management". Bloomberg. November 7, 2011. Retrieved November 12, 2011. 
^ "Zuckerberg in Moscow to boost Facebook's presence". France24.com. October 1, 2012. Archived from the original on October 3, 2012. 
^ "Russia pushes Facebook to open research center". FoxNews. October 1, 2012. 
^ Delo, Cotton (April 16, 2013). "Facebook Practices What It Preaches for 'Home' Ad Blitz". Ad Age digital. Crain Communications. Retrieved April 18, 2013. 
^ Caitlin Dewey (August 19, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg's Facebook page was hacked by an unemployed web developer". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 19, 2013. 
^ a b Edwards, Victoria (September 21, 2013). "6 Things We Learned From Marissa Mayer and Mark Zuckerberg at TechCrunch Disrupt 2013". TechCrunch. AOL Inc. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ a b Stevenson, Alastair (August 22, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg Creates Tech Justice League to Bring Internet to the Masses". Search Engine Watch. Incisive Media Incisive Interactive Marketing LLC. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^

Samuel Gibbs (February 23, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg goes to Barcelona to make mobile friends". The Guardian. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
Sven Grundberg (January 16, 2014). "Facebook's Zuckerberg to Speak at Mobile World Congress". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
Meyer, David (January 16, 2014). "Facebook's Zuckerberg to headline Mobile World Congress this year". Gigaom. Gigaom, Inc. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 


^ Mark Gregory (February 22, 2014). "Mobile World Congress: What to expect from Barcelona". BBC News. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
^ Alex Hern, Jonathan Kaiman (October 23, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg addresses Chinese university in Mandarin". The Guardian. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Maria Tadeo (December 12, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg Q&A: What we learnt about the Facebook founder". The Independent. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Sam Colt (December 12, 2014). "Facebook May Be Adding a 'Dislike' Button". Inc. Monsueto Ventures. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Kirsch, Noah (December 3, 2016). "Since Trump's Election, Mark Zuckerberg's Net Worth Has Fallen $3.7 Billion". Forbes.com. Retrieved December 4, 2016. 
^ "The top 10 business visionaries creating value for the world". Business Insider. Business Insider Inc. 
^ Martey Dodoo (August 16, 2004). "Wirehog?". Martey Dodoo. 
^ Alan J. Tabak (August 13, 2004). "Zuckerberg Programs New Website". Harvard Crimson. 
^ "80000 developers". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ "The Facebook Blog | Facebook". Blog.facebook.com. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ "2007 Young Innovators Under 35: Mark Zuckerberg, 23". MIT Technology Review. 2007. Retrieved August 14, 2011. 
^ "Meet at the Silicon Valley among the tech leaders and Indian Prime Minister-Narendra Modi". Retrieved October 9, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg supports Digital India". Retrieved October 9, 2015. 
^ Carlson, Nicholas. "In 2004, Mark Zuckerberg Broke Into A Facebook User's Private Email Account". Silicon Alley Insider. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Logged in as click here to log out (February 12, 2009). "Facebook paid up to $65m to founder Mark Zuckerberg's ex-classmates". Guardian. UK. Retrieved August 21, 2009. 
^ McCarthy, Caroline (November 30, 2007). "article about 02138". News.com. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ Hempel, Jessi (July 25, 2009). "The book that Facebook doesn't want you to read". CNN Money. Archived from the original on September 14, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ West, Jackson. "Facebook CEO Named in Pakistan Criminal Investigation". NBC Bay Area. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ "Zuckerberg faces criminal investigation in Pakistan". 
^ Anderson, John (July 29, 2010). "Facebook does not have a like button for Ceglia". WellsvilleDaily.com. Retrieved August 29, 2010. 
^ "Venture beat coverage of Ceglia lawsuit". 
^ "Feds Collar Would-Be Facebook Fraudster". E-Commerce News. October 29, 2012. 
^ "A Dubious Case Found Lawyers Eager to Make Some Money". New York Times. October 29, 2012. 
^ "Paul Ceglia's lawyer drops out of Facebook suit after arrest". San Jose Mercury News. October 30, 2012. 
^ "Israeli minister accused facebook and its founder". Newsweek. Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg is facing claims that Facebook is not helping Israel crack down on terror". Express. Retrieved July 3, 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg has terror victim's 'blood on his hands', Israeli minister says". International Business Times. Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ Mark Zuckerberg hits back at 'misleading' claims he is suing Hawaiian landowners, Wired, January 20, 2017
^ "Facebook's Zuckerberg officially drops Hawaii 'quiet title' actions", Pacific Business News, Feb. 26, 2017
^ Fried, Ina (June 2, 2010). "Zuckerberg in the hot seat at D8". CNET. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ Harlow, John (May 16, 2010). "Movie depicts seamy life of Facebook boss". The Times Online. London. Retrieved July 18, 2010. 
^ Cieply, Michael & Helft, Miguel (August 20, 2010). "Facebook Feels Unfriendly Toward Film It Inspired". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Harris, Mark (September 17, 2010). "Inventing Facebook". New York. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ "The Social Network Filmmakers Thank Zuckerberg During Golden Globes". Techland. Time. January 17, 2011. 
^ "Last Night, Aaron Sorkin Demonstrated How to Apologize Without Accepting Responsibility". NYMag. January 17, 2011. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Meets Jesse Eisenberg on Saturday Night Live". People. January 30, 2011. Retrieved January 30, 2011. 
^ "Jesse Eisenberg meets the real Mark Zuckerberg on SNL". Digital Trends. January 31, 2011. 
^ "Jesse Eisenberg Calls Mark Zuckerberg "Sweet" and "Generous" in His Funny Oscar Nominees Lunch Interview" Popsugar, February 7, 2011
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Meets Jesse Eisenberg On The 'Saturday Night Live' Stage" NPR, January 30, 2011
^ a b c Rohrer, Finlo. "Is the Facebook movie the truth about Mark Zuckerberg" BBC, September 30, 2010
^ "The Facebook Effect: The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World", release date February 1, 2011
^ "Facebook Creator Mark Zuckerberg to Get Yellow on The Simpsons". New York. July 21, 2010. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Griggs, Brandon (October 11, 2010). "Facebook, Zuckerberg spoofed on 'SNL'". CNN. Retrieved October 11, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg ‘Liked’ SNL’s Facebook Skit". New York. October 12, 2010. Retrieved January 28, 2011. 
^ Lerer, Lisa & McMillan, Traci (October 30, 2010). "Comedy Central's Stewart Says Press, Politicians Are Creating Extremism". Bloomberg. Retrieved November 4, 2010. 
^ Nina Metz Chicago Closeup 9:00 a.m. CDT, July 18, 2013 (July 18, 2013). "Terms and Conditions May Apply". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved May 25, 2014. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "'Terms and Conditions May Apply' Details Digital-Age Loss of Privacy". New York Times. Retrieved May 25, 2014.  (paid)
^ Hoback, Cullen. "Our data is our digital identity - and we need to reclaim control | Technology". theguardian.com. Retrieved May 25, 2014. 
^ "Mayor Says Newark Is 40% There in Matching Facebook Founder's Grant". The Chronicle of Philanthropy. September 27, 2010. 
^ Ng, Philiana (September 24, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg: 'The Social Network' is 'fun'". The Hollywood Reporter. 
^ Tracy, Ryan (November 23, 2010). "Can Mark Zuckerberg's Money Save Newark's Schools?". Newsweek. 
^ Reidel, David (September 22, 2010). "Facebook CEO to Gift $100M to Newark Schools". CBS News.com. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg's Well-Timed $100 million Donation to Newark Public Schools". New York Magazine. September 22, 2010. Retrieved September 28, 2010. 
^ a b Isaac, Mike (September 24, 2010). "Zuckerberg Pressured To Announce $100 million Donation To Newark". Forbes. Retrieved Sep 28, 2010. 
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mark-zuckerbergs-100-million-donation-155608055.html
^ https://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/23/books/review/the-prize-by-dale-russakoff.html
^

Gonzales, Sandra (December 8, 2010). "Zuckerberg to donate wealth". San Jose Mercury News. 
"US billionaires pledge 50% of their wealth to charity". BBC. August 4, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
Moss, Rosabeth (December 14, 2010). "Four Strategic Generosity Lessons". Business Week. Retrieved March 9, 2011. 


^

Bailey, Brandon (December 19, 2013). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg makes $1 billion donation". San Jose Mercury News. Retrieved December 20, 2013. 
Sparkes, Matthew (December 19, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg donates $1bn to charity". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved December 20, 2013. 
Wagner, Kurt (January 3, 2014). "Zuckerberg's Other Billion-Dollar Idea: 2013's Biggest Charitable Gift". Mashable. Mashable. Retrieved January 3, 2014. 


^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg biggest giver in 2013". USA Today. February 10, 2014. 
^ Phillip, Abby (October 14, 2014). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and wife Priscilla Chan donate $25 million to Ebola fight". The Washington Post. Retrieved October 25, 2014. 
^ Kroll, Luisa (October 14, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg Is Giving $25 Million To Fight Ebola". Forbes. Retrieved October 25, 2014. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Vows to Donate 99% of His Facebook Shares for Charity". The New York Times. December 1, 2015. 
^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg to give away 99% of shares". BBC News Online. December 1, 2015. Retrieved December 1, 2015. 
^ "How Mark Zuckerberg’s Altruism Helps Himself". The New York Times. December 3, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg and the Rise of Philanthrocapitalism". The New Yorker. December 2, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg’s Philanthropy Uses L.L.C. for More Control". The New York Times. December 2, 2015. 
^ "Why Mark Zuckerberg's huge new donation is going to an LLC rather than a charity". Vox. December 2, 2015. 
^ givingpledge.org/
^ Katharine Mieszkowski  (April 19, 2011). "President Obama's Facebook appearance aimed at young voters; Bay Area visit targets big donors". The Bay Citizen. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ David Cohen (February 14, 2013). "Protestors Target Mark Zuckerberg’s Fundraiser For N.J. Gov. Chris Christie". AllFacebook. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ Ben Branstetter (October 21, 2013). "Conservatives including Mark Zuckerberg, Grover Norquist urge House to pass immigration reform". UPI. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ "Why Mark Zuckerberg is a conservative (and why that matters)". The Daily Dot. October 30, 2013. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ "2013: Year of the Liberal Billionaires". Politico. November 1, 2013. 
^ Julia Boorstin (February 13, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg 'Likes' Governor Chris Christie". CNBC. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Kate Zernike (January 24, 2013). "Facebook Chief to Hold Fund-Raiser for Christie". The New York Times. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Young, Elise (June 8, 2013). "Zuckerberg Plans Fundraiser for Cory Booker’s Senate Run". Bloomberg. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ Christine Richard, "Ackman Cash for Booker Brings $240 Million Aid From Wall Street", Bloomberg, October 28, 2010
^ "Education". Silicon valley Community Foundation. 
^ Cassidy, Mike (February 15, 2013). "Cassidy: Silicon Valley needs to harness its innovative spirit to level the playing field for blacks and Hispanics". The Mercury News. Retrieved April 23, 2013. 
^ Constine, Josh (April 11, 2013). "Zuckerberg And A Team Of Tech All-Stars Launch Political Advocacy Group FWD.us". TechCrunch. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Ferenstein, Gregory (April 11, 2013). "Zuckerberg Launches A Tech Lobby, But What Will It Do Differently?". TechCrunch. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Malik, Om (April 11, 2013). "Why I have issues with Mark Zuckerberg’s FWD.us". Gigaom. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Brian, Matt (April 11, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg launches FWD.us with notable Silicon Valley execs in fight for immigration reform". The Verge. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (April 11, 2013). "Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg: Immigration and the knowledge economy". The Washington Post. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ "About Us". FWD.us. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Handley, Meg (April 30, 2013). "Facebook's Zuckerberg Takes Heat Over Keystone, Drilling Ads". U.S. News & World Report. Archived from the original on May 3, 2013. Retrieved May 3, 2013. 
^ Weiner, Rachel. "Liberal groups boycotting Facebook over immigration push". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 7, 2013. 
^ Constine, Josh (June 20, 2013). "Zuckerberg Replies To His Facebook Commenters’ Questions On Immigration". TechCrunch. Aol Tech. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Gallagher, Billy (June 30, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg ‘Likes’ SF LGBT Pride As Tech Companies Publicly Celebrate Equal Rights". TechCrunch. AOL Inc. Retrieved July 2, 2013. 
^ Evelyn M. Rusli (June 30, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg Leads 700 Facebook Employees in SF Gay Pride". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved July 2, 2013. 
^ Emery, Debbie (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Vows to ‘Fight to Protect’ Muslim Rights on Facebook". TheWrap. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ White, Daniel (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Offers Support to Muslims in Facebook Post". Time Magazine. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Griffin, Andrew (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg speaks in support of Muslims after week of ‘hate’". The Guardian. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Cenk Uygur (December 10, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Stands With Muslims". The Young Turks. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Zuckerberg Invokes Jewish Heritage in Facebook Post Supporting Muslims". Haaretz. December 10, 2015. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Tait, Robert (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg voices support for Muslims amid Donald Trump ban row". The Daily Telegraph. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ a b King, Shaun (February 25, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg forced to address racism among Facebook staff after vandals target Black Lives Matter phrases". New York Daily News. Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ Jessica, Guynn (February 25, 2016). "Zuckerberg reprimands Facebook staff defacing 'Black Lives Matter' slogan". USA Today. Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ Snyder, Benjamin (February 25, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Takes Facebook Workers to Task Over "All Lives Matter" Graffiti". Fortune (magazine). Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ theguardian.com 28 January 2017: Mark Zuckerberg challenges Trump on immigration and 'extreme vetting' order
^ O'Connor, Clare (May 20, 2012), Mark Zuckerberg's Wife Priscilla Chan: A New Brand of Billionaire Bride, Forbes, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ Status Update: Mark Zuckerberg is married to Priscilla Chan, Techstroke, May 20, 2012, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ "White Coats on a Rainbow of Students", Spotlight, UCSF School of Medicine. Cf. Priscilla Chan, 23.
^ Spiegel, Rob (December 20, 2010). "Zuckerberg Goes Searching in China". 
^ "Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg learn chinese every morning". ChineseTime.cn. September 29, 2010. 
^ Stein, Joel. "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries sweetheart". Retrieved May 19, 2012. 
^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries Priscilla Chan". cbsnews.com. Retrieved May 20, 2012. 
^ Wohlsen, Marcus (May 19, 2012). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries longtime girlfriend, Priscilla Chan: Palo Alto, Calif., ceremony caps busy week after company goes public". msnbc.com. Associated Press. Retrieved May 20, 2012. 
^ "Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg to become a father". BBC News. BBC. July 31, 2015. Retrieved August 1, 2015. 
^ "The Switch Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan to give away 99 percent of their Facebook stock, worth $45 billion". 
^ "A letter to our daughter". www.facebook.com. Retrieved December 1, 2015. 
^ Kell, John (February 8, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Reveals Daughter's Chinese Name". Fortune.com. Retrieved February 29, 2016. In a pretty adorable video shared by the tech executive over the weekend, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan said their daughter Max's Chinese name is Chen Mingyu. 
^ Heath, Alex (March 9, 2017). "Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan are expecting another baby". Business Insider. Retrieved March 9, 2017. 
^ Vara, Vauhini (November 28, 2007). "Just How Much Do We Want to Share On Social Networks?". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ Daniel Alef (October 17, 2010). Mark Zuckerberg: The Face Behind Facebook and Social Networking. Titans of Fortune Publishing. ISBN 9781608043118. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ a b Julie Zauzmer (December 30, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg says he’s no longer an atheist, believes ‘religion is very important’". The Washington Post. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ "Facebook Is Injecting Buddhism Into Its Core Business So It Can Be More Compassionate". Retrieved June 25, 2013. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg says "Buddhism is an amazing religion". Retrieved October 27, 2015. 
^ Zauzmer, Julie (29 August 2016). "Pope Francis and Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg had a meeting today - The Washington Post". The Washington Post. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Fox, Emily Jane (29 August 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Gives the Pope an Unusual Gift". Vanity Fair. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Esteves, Junno Arocho (29 August 2016). "Pope meets with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg". America. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Bailey, Sarah Pulliam (25 May 2017). "Mark Zuckerberg shares the prayer he says to his daughter every night -". The Washington Post. Retrieved 6 June 2017. Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg gave the commencement address at Harvard University on Thursday, closing his speech by sharing a Jewish prayer called the “Mi Shebeirach,” which he said he recites whenever he faces a big challenge and which he sings to his daughter, thinking of her future, when he tucks her in at night. 
^ Hallowell, Billy (26 May 2017). "After Abandoning Atheism, Facebook Founder Mark Zuckerberg Reveals the Prayer He Sings to His Daughter Every Night Before Bed". Faithwire. Retrieved 6 June 2017. It was during Zuckerberg’s commencement address at Harvard University that he shared a Jewish prayer called the “Mi Shebeirach”— an invocation that he said he recites as he copes with major challenges in life and also when he tucks his child in at night, the Washington Post reported. 


External links



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Mark Zuckerberg





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Mark Zuckerberg.



Mark Zuckerberg on Facebook 
Mark Zuckerberg on IMDb 







v
t
e


Facebook



Website



Features
Beacon
Graph Search
EdgeRank
Platform
Payments
Facebook like button
Facebookcorewwwi.onion
Facebook Live
Facebook Zero
Facebook Stories





Other
products




Current



Instagram

followed users
liked pictures


Messenger
M (virtual assistant)
MSQRD
Oculus Rift
WhatsApp
Workplace





Former



Camera
FriendFeed
Home

HTC First


Paper
Poke (app)
Riff
Slingshot
Wirehog








People




Founders



Mark Zuckerberg (28% equity)
Dustin Moskovitz (7%)
Eduardo Saverin (5%, formerly)
Chris Hughes (1%, formerly)
Andrew McCollum





Board



Mark Zuckerberg
Jim Breyer (11%)
Peter Thiel (2%)
Sheryl Sandberg
Marc Andreessen
Erskine Bowles
Susan Desmond-Hellmann
Donald E. Graham
Reed Hastings





Executive
officers




Current



Mark Zuckerberg (Chairman and CEO)
Sheryl Sandberg (COO)
David Wehner (CFO)
Mike Schroepfer (CTO)





Former



Sean Parker (4%, formerly)
Owen Van Natta
Gideon Yu
Adam D'Angelo
Chris Kelly
Bret Taylor
David Ebersman








Notable
employees




Current



Chris Cox (VP of Product)
Elliot Schrage (VP of Global Communications, Marketing and Public Policy)
Lars Rasmussen (Graph Search director)
John Carmack (CTO of Oculus VR)
Hugo Barra (VP of Oculus VR)
Naomi Gleit (VP of social good)





Former



Blake Ross (Director of Product)
Ted Ullyot (VP, General Counsel, and Secretary)
Matt Cohler
Charlie Cheever
Randi Zuckerberg
Yishan Wong
George Hotz
Joe Lockhart
Andrei Alexandrescu (research scientist)











Open source



Apache Cassandra
Apache Hive
Apache Thrift
FQL
Hack
HipHop for PHP
Phabricator
React
Scribe
Open Compute Project





Mass media



The Facebook Effect
The Accidental Billionaires
The Social Network





Concepts



Activity stream
Social graph
Friending and following
Reblogging
Fan-gating
Facebook diplomacy
Facebook like button





Business



History
Timeline
Acquisitions
f8 conference
IPO
Censorship
Criticism
Litigation





Divisions



Facebook AI Research
Facebook Creative Labs





Related



Priscilla Chan (wife of Mark Zuckerberg)
Chan Zuckerberg Initiative












v
t
e


Time Persons of the Year (2001–present)






Rudolph Giuliani (2001)
The Whistleblowers: Cynthia Cooper / Coleen Rowley / Sherron Watkins (2002)
The American Soldier (2003)
George W. Bush (2004)
The Good Samaritans: Bono / Bill Gates / Melinda Gates (2005)
You (2006)
Vladimir Putin (2007)
Barack Obama (2008)
Ben Bernanke (2009)
Mark Zuckerberg (2010)
The Protestor (2011)
Barack Obama (2012)
Pope Francis (2013)
Ebola Fighters: Dr. Jerry Brown / Dr. Kent Brantly / Ella Watson-Stryker / Foday Gollah / Salome Karmah (2014)
Angela Merkel (2015)
Donald Trump (2016)








Complete roster
1927–1950
1951–1975
1976–2000
2001–present












v
t
e


The World's Billionaires – Top ten richest people in the world as of 20 April 2017






 Bill Gates ($86.0B, United States)
 Warren Buffett ($75.6B, United States)
 Jeff Bezos ($72.8B, United States)
 Amancio Ortega ($71.3B, Spain)
 Mark Zuckerberg ($56.0B, United States)
 Carlos Slim ($54.5B, Mexico)
 Larry Ellison ($52.2B, United States)
 Charles Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 David Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 Michael Bloomberg ($47.5B, United States)












v
t
e


Wealthiest people in the United States by state







AL
Jimmy Rane


AK
Leonard Hyde and Jonathan Rubini


AZ
Bruce Halle


AR
Jim Walton


CA
Mark Zuckerberg


CO
Charlie Ergen


CT
Ray Dalio


DE
Robert W. Gore and Elizabeth Snyder


FL
Thomas Peterffy


GA
Jim Kennedy


HI
Pierre Omidyar


ID
Frank L. VanderSloot


IL
Kenneth C. Griffin


IN
Carl Cook


IA
Harry Stine


KS
Charles Koch


KY
B. Wayne Hughes


LA
Tom Benson


ME
Bill and Susan Alfond


MD
Ted Lerner


MA
Abigail Johnson


MI
Dan Gilbert


MN
Whitney MacMillan


MS
Leslie Lampton


MO
Stan Kroenke


MT
Dennis Washington


NE
Warren Buffett


NV
Sheldon Adelson


NH
Andrea Reimann-Ciardelli


NJ
Donald Newhouse


NM
Mack C. Chase


NY
Michael Bloomberg


NC
James Goodnight


ND
Gary Tharaldson


OH
Les Wexner


OK
Harold Hamm


OR
Phil Knight


PA
Mary Alice Dorrance Malone


RI
Jonathan M. Nelson


SC
Anita Zucker


SD
T. Denny Sanford


TN
Thomas F. Frist Jr.


TX
Alice Walton


UT
Gail Miller


VT
John Abele


VA
Jacqueline Mars


WA
Bill Gates


WV
Jim Justice


WI
John Menard Jr.


WY
John Mars









Biography portal
Internet portal
United States portal





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 101338851
LCCN: n2009022154
ISNI: 0000 0001 1478 8765
GND: 139618171
SUDOC: 143320165
BNF: cb16182911f (data)
BIBSYS: 10033777
NDL: 01235319










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mark_Zuckerberg&oldid=792644760"					
Categories: 1984 births21st-century American businesspeopleAmerican billionairesAmerican chairmen of corporationsAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican computer programmersAmerican Internet celebritiesAmerican JewsAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican technology company foundersBusinesspeople from New YorkBusinesspeople from the San Francisco Bay AreaDirectors of FacebookFacebook employeesLiving peopleNerd culturePeople from Dobbs Ferry, New YorkPeople from Palo Alto, CaliforniaPeople from White Plains, New YorkPhillips Exeter Academy alumniPeople with color blindnessLife extensionistsGiving PledgersHidden categories: CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected biographies of living peopleUse American English from March 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from October 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2017Articles with unsourced statements from February 2016Wikipedia articles needing clarification from May 2014Articles containing Chinese-language textWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with BIBSYS identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎BislamaБългарскиBoarischBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalegoગુજરાતી한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡKapampanganქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliKurdîКыргызчаLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiमराठीმარგალურიمصرىBahasa MelayuМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanଓଡ଼ିଆOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیភាសាខ្មែរPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitతెలుగుTetunไทยТоҷикӣTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray粵語Zazaki中文डोटेली 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 19:09.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Mark Zuckerberg - Wikipedia




















 







Mark Zuckerberg

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Marc Zuckerberg)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Zuckerberg" redirects here. For other people with the surname, see Zuckerberg (name).


Mark Zuckerberg



Zuckerberg in 2014



Born
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg
(1984-05-14) May 14, 1984 (age 33)[1]
White Plains, New York, U.S.


Residence
Palo Alto, California, U.S.


Occupation
Computer programmer, Internet entrepreneur


Years active
2004–present


Known for
Co-founder of Facebook


Home town
Dobbs Ferry, New York, U.S.


Salary
One-dollar salary[2]


Net worth
US$63.7 billion (June 2017)[3]


Title
Chairman and CEO of Facebook


Spouse(s)
Priscilla Chan (m. 2012)


Children
1


Relatives
Randi Zuckerberg (sister)


Website
facebook.com/zuck


Signature





Mark Elliot Zuckerberg (born May 14, 1984) is an American computer programmer and Internet entrepreneur. He is a co-founder of Facebook, and currently operates as its chairman and chief executive officer.[4][5] His net worth is estimated to be US$63.3 billion as of May 2017, and he is ranked by Forbes as the fifth richest person in the world.[6][7]
Zuckerberg launched Facebook from his Harvard University dormitory room on February 4, 2004. He was assisted by his college roommates and fellow Harvard students Eduardo Saverin, Andrew McCollum, Dustin Moskovitz, and Chris Hughes.[8] The group then introduced Facebook to other college campuses. Facebook expanded rapidly, reaching one billion users by 2012. Meanwhile, Zuckerberg was involved in various legal disputes brought by others in the group, who claimed a share of the company based upon their involvement during the development phase of Facebook.
In December 2012, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan announced that over the course of their lives they would give the majority of their wealth to "advancing human potential and promoting equality" in the spirit of The Giving Pledge.[9] On December 1, 2015, they announced they would eventually give 99 percent of their Facebook shares (worth about US$45 billion at the time) to the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative.[10][11]
Since 2010, Time magazine has named Zuckerberg among the 100 wealthiest and most influential people in the world as a part of its Person of the Year award.[12][13][14] In December 2016, Zuckerberg was ranked 10th on Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[15]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Software developer

2.1 Early years
2.2 College years


3 Career

3.1 Facebook
3.2 Wirehog
3.3 Platform, Beacon, and Connect
3.4 Internet.org
3.5 Legal controversies

3.5.1 ConnectU lawsuits
3.5.2 Saverin lawsuit
3.5.3 Pakistan criminal investigation
3.5.4 Paul Ceglia
3.5.5 Palestinian terror attacks
3.5.6 Hawaiian land ownership




4 Depictions in media

4.1 The Social Network

4.1.1 Disputed accuracy


4.2 Other depictions


5 Philanthropy
6 Politics
7 Personal life
8 See also
9 References
10 External links



Early life

External video




 Mark Zuckerberg's career in 90 seconds, The Daily Telegraph[16]


Zuckerberg was born in 1984 in White Plains, New York.[17] He is the son of Karen (née Kempner), a psychiatrist, and Edward Zuckerberg, a dentist.[18] His ancestors came from Germany, Austria and Poland.[19] He and his three sisters, Randi, Donna, and Arielle, were brought up in Dobbs Ferry, New York, a small Westchester County village about 21 miles north of Midtown Manhattan.[20] Zuckerberg was raised Jewish and had his Bar Mitzvah when he turned 13.[21]
At Ardsley High School, Zuckerberg excelled in classes. He transferred to the exclusive private school Phillips Exeter Academy, in New Hampshire, in his junior year, where he won prizes in science (math, astronomy, and physics) and classical studies. In his youth, he also attended the Johns Hopkins Center for Talented Youth summer camp. On his college application, Zuckerberg claimed that he could read and write French, Hebrew, Latin, and ancient Greek. He was captain of the fencing team.[22][23][24]
Software developer
Early years
Zuckerberg began using computers and writing software in middle school. His father taught him Atari BASIC Programming in the 1990s, and later hired software developer David Newman to tutor him privately. Newman calls him a "prodigy", adding that it was "tough to stay ahead of him". Zuckerberg took a graduate course in the subject at Mercy College near his home while still in high school. He enjoyed developing computer programs, especially communication tools and games. In one program, since his father's dental practice was operated from their home, he built a software program he called "ZuckNet" that allowed all the computers between the house and dental office to communicate with each other. It is considered a "primitive" version of AOL's Instant Messenger, which came out the following year.[25][26]
According to writer Jose Antonio Vargas, "some kids played computer games. Mark created them." Zuckerberg himself recalls this period: "I had a bunch of friends who were artists. They'd come over, draw stuff, and I'd build a game out of it." However, notes Vargas, Zuckerberg was not a typical "geek-klutz", as he later became captain of his prep school fencing team and earned a classics diploma. Napster co-founder Sean Parker, a close friend, notes that Zuckerberg was "really into Greek odysseys and all that stuff", recalling how he once quoted lines from the Roman epic poem Aeneid, by Virgil, during a Facebook product conference.[20]
During Zuckerberg's high school years, he worked under the company name Intelligent Media Group to build a music player called the Synapse Media Player. The device used machine learning to learn the user's listening habits, which was posted to Slashdot[27] and received a rating of 3 out of 5 from PC Magazine.[28]
College years
Vargas noted that by the time Zuckerberg began classes at Harvard, he had already achieved a "reputation as a programming prodigy". He studied psychology and computer science and belonged to Alpha Epsilon Pi and Kirkland House.[12][20][29] In his sophomore year, he wrote a program that he called CourseMatch, which allowed users to make class selection decisions based on the choices of other students and also to help them form study groups. A short time later, he created a different program he initially called Facemash that let students select the best looking person from a choice of photos. According to Arie Hasit, Zuckerberg's roommate at the time, "he built the site for fun". Hasit explains:

We had books called Face Books, which included the names and pictures of everyone who lived in the student dorms. At first, he built a site and placed two pictures, or pictures of two males and two females. Visitors to the site had to choose who was "hotter" and according to the votes there would be a ranking.[30]

The site went up over a weekend, but by Monday morning, the college shut it down, because its popularity had overwhelmed one of Harvard's network switches and prevented students from accessing the Internet. In addition, many students complained that their photos were being used without permission. Zuckerberg apologized publicly, and the student paper ran articles stating that his site was "completely improper."[30]
The following semester, in January 2004, Zuckerberg began writing code for a new Web site.[31] On February 4, 2004, Zuckerberg launched "Thefacebook", originally located at thefacebook.com.[32]
Six days after the site launched, three Harvard seniors, Cameron Winklevoss, Tyler Winklevoss, and Divya Narendra, accused Zuckerberg of intentionally misleading them into believing he would help them build a social network called HarvardConnection.com, while he was instead using their ideas to build a competing product.[33] The three complained to The Harvard Crimson, and the newspaper began an investigation in response.[citation needed]
Following the official launch of the Facebook social media platform, the three filed a lawsuit against Zuckerberg that resulted in a settlement.[34] The agreed settlement was for 1.2 million Facebook shares that were worth US$300 million at Facebook's IPO.[35]
Zuckerberg dropped out of Harvard in his sophomore year to complete his project.[36] In January 2014, he recalled:

I remember really vividly, you know, having pizza with my friends a day or two after—I opened up the first version of Facebook at the time I thought, "You know, someone needs to build a service like this for the world." But I just never thought that we'd be the ones to help do it. And I think a lot of what it comes down to is we just cared more.[37]

Zuckerberg later received an honorary degree from Harvard on 28 May 2017.[38][39]
Career




Zuckerberg listening to President Barack Obama before a private meeting where Obama dined with technology business leaders in Woodside, California, February 17, 2011.


Facebook
Main articles: Facebook and History of Facebook
On February 4, 2004, Zuckerberg launched Facebook from his Harvard dormitory room.[40][41] An earlier inspiration for Facebook may have come from Phillips Exeter Academy, the prep school from which Zuckerberg graduated in 2002. It published its own student directory, "The Photo Address Book", which students referred to as "The Facebook". Such photo directories were an important part of the student social experience at many private schools. With them, students were able to list attributes such as their class years, their friends, and their telephone numbers.[40]
Once at college, Zuckerberg's Facebook started off as just a "Harvard thing" until Zuckerberg decided to spread it to other schools, enlisting the help of roommate Dustin Moskovitz. They began with Columbia University, New York University, Stanford, Dartmouth, Cornell, University of Pennsylvania, Brown, and Yale.[42] Samyr Laine, a triple jumper representing Haiti at the 2012 Summer Olympics, shared a room with Zuckerberg during Facebook's founding. "Mark was clearly on to great things," said Laine, who was Facebook's fourteenth user.[43]
Zuckerberg, Moskovitz and some friends moved to Palo Alto, California in Silicon Valley where they leased a small house that served as an office. Over the summer, Zuckerberg met Peter Thiel, who invested in the company. They got their first office in mid-2004. According to Zuckerberg, the group planned to return to Harvard, but eventually decided to remain in California.[44][45] They had already turned down offers by major corporations to buy the company. In an interview in 2007, Zuckerberg explained his reasoning: "It's not because of the amount of money. For me and my colleagues, the most important thing is that we create an open information flow for people. Having media corporations owned by conglomerates is just not an attractive idea to me."[41]
He restated these goals to Wired magazine in 2010: "The thing I really care about is the mission, making the world open."[46] Earlier, in April 2009, Zuckerberg sought the advice of former Netscape CFO Peter Currie about financing strategies for Facebook.[47] On July 21, 2010, Zuckerberg reported that the company reached the 500 million-user mark.[48] When asked whether Facebook could earn more income from advertising as a result of its phenomenal growth, he explained:

I guess we could ... If you look at how much of our page is taken up with ads compared to the average search query. The average for us is a little less than 10 percent of the pages and the average for search is about 20 percent taken up with ads ... That's the simplest thing we could do. But we aren't like that. We make enough money. Right, I mean, we are keeping things running; we are growing at the rate we want to.[46]

In 2010, Steven Levy, who wrote the 1984 book Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution, wrote that Zuckerberg "clearly thinks of himself as a hacker". Zuckerberg said that "it's OK to break things" "to make them better".[49][50] Facebook instituted "hackathons" held every six to eight weeks where participants would have one night to conceive of and complete a project.[49] The company provided music, food, and beer at the hackathons, and many Facebook staff members, including Zuckerberg, regularly attended.[50] "The idea is that you can build something really good in a night", Zuckerberg told Levy. "And that's part of the personality of Facebook now ... It's definitely very core to my personality."[49]
Vanity Fair magazine named Zuckerberg number 1 on its 2010 list of the Top 100 "most influential people of the Information Age".[51] Zuckerberg ranked number 23 on the Vanity Fair 100 list in 2009.[52] In 2010, Zuckerberg was chosen as number 16 in New Statesman's annual survey of the world's 50 most influential figures.[53]
In a 2011 interview with PBS shortly after the death of Steve Jobs, Zuckerberg said that Jobs had advised him on how to create a management team at Facebook that was "focused on building as high quality and good things as you are".[54]
On October 1, 2012, Zuckerberg visited Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev in Moscow to stimulate social media innovation in Russia and to boost Facebook's position in the Russian market.[55] Russia's communications minister tweeted that Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev urged the social media giant's founder to abandon plans to lure away Russian programmers and instead consider opening a research center in Moscow. In 2012, Facebook had roughly 9 million users in Russia, while domestic clone VK had around 34 million.[56] Rebecca Van Dyck, Facebook's head of consumer marketing, claimed that 85 million American Facebook users were exposed to the first day of the Home promotional campaign on April 6, 2013.[57]
On August 19, 2013, The Washington Post reported that Zuckerberg's Facebook profile was hacked by an unemployed web developer.[58]
At the 2013 TechCrunch Disrupt conference, held in September, Zuckerberg stated that he is working towards registering the 5 billion humans who were not connected to the Internet as of the conference on Facebook. Zuckerberg then explained that this is intertwined with the aim of the Internet.org project, whereby Facebook, with the support of other technology companies, seeks to increase the number of people connected to the internet.[59][60]
Zuckerberg was the keynote speaker at the 2014 Mobile World Congress (MWC), held in Barcelona, Spain, in March 2014, which was attended by 75,000 delegates. Various media sources highlighted the connection between Facebook's focus on mobile technology and Zuckerberg's speech, claiming that mobile represents the future of the company.[61] Zuckerberg's speech expands upon the goal that he raised at the TechCrunch conference in September 2013, whereby he is working towards expanding Internet coverage into developing countries.[62]
Alongside other American technology figures like Jeff Bezos and Tim Cook, Zuckerberg hosted visiting Chinese politician Lu Wei, known as the "Internet czar" for his influence in the enforcement of China's online policy, at Facebook's headquarters on December 8, 2014. The meeting occurred after Zuckerberg participated in a Q&A session at Tsinghua University in Beijing, China, on October 23, 2014, where he attempted to converse in Mandarin Chinese; although Facebook is banned in China, Zuckerberg is highly regarded among the people and was at the university to help fuel the nation's burgeoning entrepreneur sector.[63]
Zuckerberg fielded questions during a live Q&A session at the company's headquarters in Menlo Park on December 11, 2014. The founder and CEO explained that he does not believe Facebook is a waste of time, because it facilitates social engagement, and participating in a public session was so that he could "learn how to better serve the community".[64][65]
Zuckerberg receives a one-dollar salary as CEO of Facebook.[2] On December 3, 2016, Forbes reported Facebook shares had declined 7% since November 8, 2016, reducing Zuckerberg's net worth by $3.7 billion.[66] In June 2016, Business Insider named Zuckerberg one of the "Top 10 Business Visionaries Creating Value for the World" along with Elon Musk and Sal Khan, due to the fact that he and his wife "pledged to give away 99% of their wealth — which is estimated at over $52.1 billion."[67]
Wirehog
Main article: Wirehog
A month after Zuckerberg launched Facebook in February 2004, i2hub, another campus-only service, created by Wayne Chang, was launched. i2hub focused on peer-to-peer file sharing. At the time, both i2hub and Facebook were gaining the attention of the press and growing rapidly in users and publicity. In August 2004, Zuckerberg, Andrew McCollum, Adam D'Angelo, and Sean Parker launched a competing peer-to-peer file sharing service called Wirehog, a precursor to Facebook Platform applications.[68][69]
Platform, Beacon, and Connect




Zuckerberg at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland (January 2009).


On May 24, 2007, Zuckerberg announced Facebook Platform, a development platform for programmers to create social applications within Facebook. Within weeks, many applications had been built and some already had millions of users. It grew to more than 800,000 developers around the world building applications for Facebook Platform.[70]
On November 6, 2007, Zuckerberg announced Beacon, a social advertising system that enabled people to share information with their Facebook friends based on their browsing activities on other sites. For example, eBay sellers could let friends know automatically what they have for sale via the Facebook news feed as they listed items for sale. The program came under scrutiny because of privacy concerns from groups and individual users. Zuckerberg and Facebook failed to respond to the concerns quickly, and on December 5, 2007, Zuckerberg wrote a blog post on Facebook,[71] taking responsibility for the concerns about Beacon and offering an easier way for users to opt out of the service.
In 2007, Zuckerberg was added to MIT Technology Review's TR35 list as one of the top 35 innovators in the world under the age of 35.[72] On July 23, 2008, Zuckerberg announced Facebook Connect, a version of Facebook Platform for users.[citation needed]
Internet.org
In a public Facebook post, Zuckerberg launched the Internet.org project in late August 2013. Zuckerberg explained that the primary aim of the initiative is to provide Internet access to the 5 billion people who are not connected as of the launch date. Using a three-tier strategy, Internet.org will also create new jobs and open up new markets, according to Zuckerberg. He stated in his post:

The world economy is going through a massive transition right now. The knowledge economy is the future. By bringing everyone online, we'll not only improve billions of lives, but we'll also improve our own as we benefit from the ideas and productivity they contribute to the world. Giving everyone the opportunity to connect is the foundation for enabling the knowledge economy. It is not the only thing we need to do, but it's a fundamental and necessary step.[60]

To stay proven on the efforts of bringing in the concept of net neutrality, Mark Zuckerberg met Narendra Modi, Satya Nadella and Sundar Pichai at the Silicon Valley, to discuss on how to effectively establish affordable internet access to the less developed countries.[73] As a token of initiation, Mark Zuckerberg changed his Facebook profile picture to extend his support to the Digital India to help the rural communities to stay connected to the internet.[74]
Legal controversies
Main article: Criticism of Facebook
ConnectU lawsuits
Main article: ConnectU
Harvard students Cameron Winklevoss, Tyler Winklevoss, and Divya Narendra accused Zuckerberg of intentionally making them believe he would help them build a social network called HarvardConnection.com (later called ConnectU).[75] They filed a lawsuit in 2004, but it was dismissed on a technicality on March 28, 2007. It was refiled soon thereafter in federal court in Boston. Facebook countersued in regards to Social Butterfly, a project put out by The Winklevoss Chang Group, an alleged partnership between ConnectU and i2hub. On June 25, 2008, the case settled and Facebook agreed to transfer over 1.2 million common shares and pay $20 million in cash.[76]
In November 2007, confidential court documents were posted on the website of 02138, a magazine that catered to Harvard alumni. They included Zuckerberg's Social Security number, his parents' home address, and his girlfriend's address. Facebook filed to have the documents removed, but the judge ruled in favor of 02138.[77]
Saverin lawsuit
A lawsuit filed by Eduardo Saverin against Facebook and Zuckerberg was settled out of court. Though terms of the settlement were sealed, the company affirmed Saverin's title as co-founder of Facebook. Saverin signed a non-disclosure contract after the settlement.[78]
Pakistan criminal investigation
In June 2010, Pakistani Deputy Attorney General Muhammad Azhar Sidiqque launched a criminal investigation into Zuckerberg and Facebook co-founders Dustin Moskovitz and Chris Hughes after a "Draw Muhammad" contest was hosted on Facebook. The investigation named the anonymous German woman who created the contest. Sidiqque asked the country's police to contact Interpol to have Zuckerberg and the three others arrested for blasphemy. On May 19, 2010, Facebook's website was temporarily blocked in Pakistan until Facebook removed the contest from its website at the end of May. Sidiqque also asked its UN representative to raise the issue with the United Nations General Assembly.[79][80]
Paul Ceglia
Main article: Paul Ceglia
In June 2010, Paul Ceglia, the owner of a wood pellet fuel company in Allegany County, upstate New York, filed suit against Zuckerberg, claiming 84 percent ownership of Facebook and seeking monetary damages. According to Ceglia, he and Zuckerberg signed a contract on April 28, 2003, that an initial fee of $1,000 entitled Ceglia to 50% of the website's revenue, as well as an additional 1% interest in the business per day after January 1, 2004, until website completion. Zuckerberg was developing other projects at the time, among which was Facemash, the predecessor of Facebook, but did not register the domain name thefacebook.com until January 1, 2004. Facebook management dismissed the lawsuit as "completely frivolous". Facebook spokesman Barry Schnitt told a reporter that Ceglia's counsel had unsuccessfully sought an out-of-court settlement.[81][82]
On October 26, 2012, federal authorities arrested Ceglia, charging him with mail and wire fraud and of "tampering with, destroying and fabricating evidence in a scheme to defraud the Facebook founder of billions of dollars." Ceglia is accused of fabricating emails to make it appear that he and Zuckerberg discussed details about an early version of Facebook, although after examining their emails, investigators found there was no mention of Facebook in them.[83] Some law firms withdrew from the case before it was initiated and others after Ceglia's arrest.[84][85]
Palestinian terror attacks
On July 2, 2016, Israeli cabinet minister Gilad Erdan accused Zuckerberg of having some responsibility for deadly attacks by Palestinians against Israelis.[86] According to him, the social network was not doing enough to ban posts to its platform that incite violence against Israelis.[87] "Some of the victims' blood is on Zuckerberg's hands", Erdan said.[88]
Hawaiian land ownership
In January 2017, Zuckerberg filed eight "quiet title and partition" lawsuits against hundreds of native Hawaiians to get them to sell their land to him. This land is contained within the 700 acres of land in the Hawaiian island of Kauai that Zuckerberg had purchased in 2014. When he learned that Hawaiian land ownership law differs from that of the other 49 states, he dropped the lawsuits.[89][90]
Depictions in media
The Social Network
Main article: The Social Network
A movie based on Zuckerberg and the founding years of Facebook, The Social Network was released on October 1, 2010, and stars Jesse Eisenberg as Zuckerberg. After Zuckerberg was told about the film, he responded, "I just wished that nobody made a movie of me while I was still alive."[91] Also, after the film's script was leaked on the Internet and it was apparent that the film would not portray Zuckerberg in a wholly positive light, he stated that he wanted to establish himself as a "good guy".[92] The film is based on the book The Accidental Billionaires by Ben Mezrich, which the book's publicist once described as "big juicy fun" rather than "reportage".[93] The film's screenwriter Aaron Sorkin told New York magazine, "I don't want my fidelity to be the truth; I want it to be storytelling", adding, "What is the big deal about accuracy purely for accuracy's sake, and can we not have the true be the enemy of the good?"[94]
Upon winning the Golden Globe Award for Best Picture on January 16, 2011, producer Scott Rudin thanked Facebook and Zuckerberg "for his willingness to allow us to use his life and work as a metaphor through which to tell a story about communication and the way we relate to each other.”[95] Sorkin, who won for Best Screenplay, retracted some of the impressions given in his script:[96]

"I wanted to say to Mark Zuckerberg tonight, if you're watching, Rooney Mara's character makes a prediction at the beginning of the movie. She was wrong. You turned out to be a great entrepreneur, a visionary, and an incredible altruist."

On January 29, 2011, Zuckerberg made a surprise guest appearance on Saturday Night Live, which was being hosted by Jesse Eisenberg. They both said it was the first time they ever met.[97] Eisenberg asked Zuckerberg, who had been critical of his portrayal by the film, what he thought of the movie. Zuckerberg replied, "It was interesting."[98] In a subsequent interview about their meeting, Eisenberg explains that he was "nervous to meet him, because I had spent now, a year and a half thinking about him ..." He adds, "Mark has been so gracious about something that’s really so uncomfortable ... The fact that he would do SNL and make fun of the situation is so sweet and so generous. It’s the best possible way to handle something that, I think, could otherwise be very uncomfortable."[99][100]
Disputed accuracy
Jeff Jarvis, author of the book Public Parts, interviewed Zuckerberg and believes Sorkin made up too much of the story. He states, "That's what the internet is accused of doing, making stuff up, not caring about the facts."[101]
According to David Kirkpatrick, former technology editor at Fortune magazine and author of The Facebook Effect:The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World, (2011),[102] "the film is only "40% true ... he is not snide and sarcastic in a cruel way, the way Zuckerberg is played in the movie." He says that "a lot of the factual incidents are accurate, but many are distorted and the overall impression is false", and concludes that primarily "his motivations were to try and come up with a new way to share information on the Internet".[101]
Although the film portrays Zuckerberg's creation of Facebook in order to elevate his stature after not getting into any of the elite final clubs at Harvard, Zuckerberg said he had no interest in joining the clubs.[20] Kirkpatrick agrees that the impression implied by the film is "false". Karel Baloun, a former senior engineer at Facebook, notes that the "image of Zuckerberg as a socially inept nerd is overstated ... It is fiction ..." He likewise dismisses the film's assertion that he "would deliberately betray a friend".[101]
Other depictions
Zuckerberg voiced himself on an episode of The Simpsons titled "Loan-a Lisa", which first aired on October 3, 2010. In the episode, Lisa Simpson and her friend Nelson encounter Zuckerberg at an entrepreneurs' convention. Zuckerberg tells Lisa that she does not need to graduate from college to be wildly successful, referencing Bill Gates and Richard Branson as examples.[103]
On October 9, 2010, Saturday Night Live lampooned Zuckerberg and Facebook.[104] Andy Samberg played Zuckerberg. The real Zuckerberg was reported to have been amused: "I thought this was funny."[105]
Stephen Colbert awarded a "Medal of Fear" to Zuckerberg at the Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear on October 30, 2010, "because he values his privacy much more than he values yours".[106]
Zuckerberg appears in the climax of the documentary film Terms and Conditions May Apply.[107][108][109]
Philanthropy
See also: Chan Zuckerberg Initiative




Chan and Zuckerberg in Prague (2013)


Zuckerberg donated an undisclosed amount to Diaspora, an open-source personal Web server that implements a distributed social networking service. He called it a "cool idea".[46]
Zuckerberg founded the Start-up: Education foundation.[110][111] On September 22, 2010, it was reported that Zuckerberg had donated $100 million to Newark Public Schools, the public school system of Newark, New Jersey.[112][113] Critics noted the timing of the donation as being close to the release of The Social Network, which painted a somewhat negative portrait of Zuckerberg.[114] Zuckerberg responded to the criticism, saying, "The thing that I was most sensitive about with the movie timing was, I didn't want the press about The Social Network movie to get conflated with the Newark project. I was thinking about doing this anonymously just so that the two things could be kept separate."[115] Newark Mayor Cory Booker stated that he and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie had to convince Zuckerberg's team not to make the donation anonymously.[115] The money was largely wasted, according to journalist Dale Russakoff.[116][117]
On December 9, 2010, Zuckerberg, Bill Gates, and investor Warren Buffett signed "The Giving Pledge", in which they promised to donate to charity at least half of their wealth over the course of time, and invited others among the wealthy to donate 50 percent or more of their wealth to charity.[118]
On December 19, 2013, Zuckerberg announced a donation of 18 million Facebook shares to the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, to be executed by the end of the month—based on Facebook's valuation as of then, the shares totaled $990 million in value. On December 31, 2013, the donation was recognized as the largest charitable gift on public record for 2013.[119] The Chronicle of Philanthropy placed Zuckerberg and his wife at the top of the magazine's annual list of 50 most generous Americans for 2013, having donated roughly $1 billion to charity.[120]
In October 2014, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan donated US$25 million to combat the Ebola virus disease, specifically the West African Ebola virus epidemic.[121][122]
On December 1, 2015, Zuckerberg and Chan announced the birth of their daughter Max, and in an open letter to Max, they pledged to donate 99 percent of their Facebook shares, then valued at US$45 billion, to the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, their new organization that will focus on health and education. The donation will not be given immediately, but over the course of their lives.[123][124] However, instead of forming a charitable corporation to donate the value of the stock to, as Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, Larry Page, Sergey Brin and other tech billionaires have done, Zuckerberg and Chan chose to use the structure of a limited liability company. This has drawn criticism from a number of journalists.[125][126][127][128] Chan and Zuckerberg also signed The Giving Pledge.[129]
Politics
In 2002, Zuckerberg registered to vote in Westchester County, New York, where he grew up, but did not cast a ballot until November 2008. Santa Clara County Registrar of Voters Spokeswoman, Elma Rosas, told Bloomberg that Zuckerberg is listed as "no preference" on voter rolls, and he voted in the past two general elections, in 2008 and 2012.[130][131]
Zuckerberg has never revealed his own political views: some consider him a conservative,[132][133] while others consider him liberal.[134]
On February 13, 2013, Zuckerberg hosted his first ever fundraising event for New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. Zuckerberg's particular interest on this occasion was education reform, and Christie's education reform work focused on teachers unions and the expansion of charter schools.[135][136] Later that year, Zuckerberg hosted a campaign fundraiser for Newark mayor Cory Booker, who was running in the 2013 New Jersey special Senate election.[137] In September 2010, with the support of Governor Chris Christie, Booker obtained a US$100 million pledge from Zuckerberg to Newark Public Schools.[138] In December 2012, Zuckerberg donated 18 million shares to the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, a community organization that includes education in its list of grant-making areas.[139][140]
On April 11, 2013, Zuckerberg led the launch of a 501(c)(4) lobbying group called FWD.us. The founders and contributors to the group were primarily Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and investors, and its president was Joe Green, a close friend of Zuckerberg.[141][142][143][144] The goals of the group include immigration reform, improving the state of education in the United States, and enabling more technological breakthroughs that benefit the public,[145][146] yet it has also been criticized for financing ads advocating a variety of oil and gas development initiatives, including drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and the Keystone XL pipeline.[147] In 2013, numerous liberal and progressive groups, such as The League of Conservation Voters, MoveOn.org, the Sierra Club, Democracy for America, CREDO, Daily Kos, 350.org, and Presente and Progressives United agreed to either pull their Facebook ad buys or not buy Facebook ads for at least two weeks, in protest of Zuckerberg ads funded by FWD.us that were in support of oil drilling and the Keystone XL pipeline, and in opposition to Obamacare among Republican United States senators who back immigration reform.[clarification needed][148]
A media report on June 20, 2013 revealed that Zuckerberg actively engaged with Facebook users on his own profile page after the online publication of a FWD.us video. In response to a claim that the FWD.us organization is "just about tech wanting to hire more people", the Internet entrepreneur replied: "The bigger problem we’re trying to address is ensuring the 11 million undocumented folks living in this country now and similar folks in the future are treated fairly."[149]
In June 2013, Zuckerberg joined Facebook employees in a company float as part of the annual San Francisco Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Pride Celebration. The company first participated in the event in 2011, with 70 employees, and this number increased to 700 for the 2013 march. The 2013 pride celebration was especially significant, as it followed a U.S. Supreme Court ruling that deemed the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) unconstitutional.[150][151]
When questioned about the mid-2013 PRISM scandal at the TechCrunch Disrupt conference in September 2013, Zuckerberg stated that the U.S. government "blew it." He further explained that the government performed poorly in regard to the protection of the freedoms of its citizens, the economy, and companies.[59]
Zuckerberg placed a statement on his Facebook wall on December 9, 2015 which said that he wants "to add my voice in support of Muslims in our community and around the world" in response to the aftermath of the November 2015 Paris attacks and the 2015 San Bernardino attack.[152][153][154][155] The statement also said that Muslims are "always welcome" on Facebook, and that his position was a result of the fact that "as a Jew, my parents taught me that we must stand up against attacks on all communities."[156][157]
On February 24, 2016, Zuckerberg sent out a company-wide internal memo to employees formally rebuking employees who had crossed out handwritten "Black Lives Matter" phrases on the company walls and had written "All Lives Matter" in their place. Facebook allows employees to free-write thoughts and phrases on company walls. The memo was then leaked by several employees. As Zuckerberg had previously condemned this practice at previous company meetings, and other similar requests had been issued by other leaders at Facebook, Zuckerberg wrote in the memo that he would now consider this overwriting practice not only disrespectful, but "malicious as well." According to Zuckerberg's memo, "Black Lives Matter doesn't mean other lives don't -- it's simply asking that the black community also achieves the justice they deserve." The memo also noted that the act of crossing something out in itself, "means silencing speech, or that one person's speech is more important than another's." Zuckerberg also said in the memo that he would be launching investigations into the incidents.[158][159][160] The New York Daily News interviewed Facebook employees who commented anonymously that, "Zuckerberg was genuinely angry about the incident and it really encouraged staff that Zuckerberg showed a clear understanding of why the phrase 'Black Lives Matter' must exist, as well as why writing through it is a form of harassment and erasure." [158]
In January 2017, Zuckerberg criticized Donald Trump’s executive order to severely limit immigrants and refugees from some countries.[161]
Personal life
Zuckerberg met his future wife, fellow student Priscilla Chan, at a fraternity party during his sophomore year at Harvard. They began dating in 2003.[162][163]
In September 2010, Zuckerberg invited Chan, by then a medical student at the University of California, San Francisco,[164] to move into his rented Palo Alto house. Zuckerberg studied Mandarin in preparation for the couple's visit to China in December 2010.[165][166] On May 19, 2012, Zuckerberg and Chan married in Zuckerberg's backyard in an event that also celebrated her graduation from medical school.[167][168][169] On July 31, 2015, Zuckerberg announced that he and Chan were expecting a baby girl. He said he felt confident that the risk of miscarrying was low so far into the pregnancy, after Chan had already suffered three miscarriages.[170] On December 1, Zuckerberg announced the birth of their daughter, Maxima Chan Zuckerberg ("Max").[171][172] The couple announced on their Chinese New Year video, published on February 6, 2016, that Maxima's official Chinese name is Chen Mingyu (Chinese: 陈明宇).[173] In March 2017, he announced that the two are expecting another daughter.[174]
While raised Jewish, Zuckerberg later identified as an atheist,[175][22][176] a position he has since renounced.[177] He has shown an appreciation for Buddhism.[178][179] With regard to Christianity, both Zuckerberg and his wife told Pope Francis in August 2016 "how much we admire his message of mercy and tenderness, and how he's found new ways to communicate with people of every faith around the world."[180][181][182] In December 2016, when asked "Aren't you an atheist?" in response to a Christmas Day post on Facebook, Zuckerberg responded, "No. I was raised Jewish and then I went through a period where I questioned things, but now I believe religion is very important."[177] As he closed his commencement address at Harvard University in May 2017, Zuckerberg shared the Jewish prayer Mi Shebeirach, which he stated he says when he faces challenges in life.[183][184]
See also

Criticism of Facebook
Mark Zuckerberg book club

References


^ Pilkington, Ed (March 10, 2011). "Forbes rich list: Facebook six stake their claims". The Guardian. UK. Retrieved March 30, 2011. 
^ a b "Facebook, Inc. Proxy Statement". United States Security and Exchange Commission. April 26, 2013. p. 31. Retrieved March 30, 2014. On January 1, 2013, Mr. Zuckerberg’s annual base salary was reduced to $1 and he will no longer receive annual bonus compensation under our Bonus Plan. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg - Forbes". Forbes. 
^ Napach, Bernice (July 26, 2013). "Facebook Surges and Mark Zuckerberg Pockets $3.8 Billion". Yahoo! Finance. 
^ Hiltzik, Michael (May 20, 2012). "Facebook shareholders are wedded to the whims of Mark Zuckerberg". Los Angeles Times. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg". Forbes. Retrieved April 19, 2016. 
^ "The World's Billionaires List". Forbes. Retrieved December 12, 2016. 
^ Carlson, Nicholas (March 5, 2010). "At Last – The Full Story Of How Facebook Was Founded". Business Insider. 
^ The Giving Pledge website, retrieved December 3, 2015
^ BBC News. The great Facebook giveaway - how will it work?, December 2, 2015
^ http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-34978249
^ a b Grossman, Lev (December 15, 2010). "Person of the Year 2010: Mark Zuckerberg". Time. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg". Forbes. March 2012. Retrieved May 19, 2012. 
^ "The All-Time TIME 100 of All Time". Time. April 18, 2012. Retrieved April 20, 2012. 
^ "The World's Most Powerful People". Forbes. December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg's career in 90 seconds". The Daily Telegraph. Retrieved March 3, 2017. 
^ Malone, Jasmine (Dec 15, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg wins Time person of the year: profile". The Daily Telegraph. London. 
^ "The Zuckerbergs of Dobbs Ferry", New York, no. May 14, 2012, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (Jan 27, 2017). "My great grandparents came from Germany, Austria, and Poland.". Facebook. PaloAlto. 
^ a b c d Vargas, Jose Antonio (September 20, 2010). "The Face of Facebook". The New Yorker. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Burrell, Ian (July 24, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg: He's got the whole world on his site". The Independent. UK. Retrieved November 6, 2010. 
^ a b Kirkpatrick, David (2010). The Facebook Effect: The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World. New York: Simon & Schuster. pp. 20–21. ISBN 978-1-4391-0211-4. Retrieved November 9, 2010. 
^ McDevitt, Caitlin (March 5, 2010). "What We Learned About Mark Zuckerberg This Week". The Big Money. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Grynbaum, Michael M. (June 10, 2004). "Mark E. Zuckerberg '06: The whiz behind thefacebook.com". The Harvard Crimson. 
^ "4-thing-mark-zuckerberg". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ "facebook-founder-mark-zuckerberg-child-prodigy". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ Hemos/Dan Moore (April 21, 2003). "Machine Learning and MP3s". Slashdot. Retrieved September 3, 2010. 
^ Dreier, Troy (February 8, 2005). "Synapse Media Player Review". PCMag.com. Retrieved September 3, 2010. 
^ Larson, Chase (March 25, 2011), Mark Zuckerberg speaks at BYU, calls Facebook "as much psychology and sociology as it is technology", Deseret News, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ a b "Facebook founder's roommate recounts creation of Internet giant". Haaretz. Oct 5, 2009. 
^ Hoffman, Claire (June 28, 2008). "The Battle for Facebook". Rolling Stone. New York. Archived from the original on July 3, 2008. Retrieved February 5, 2009. 
^ Seward, Zachary M. (July 25, 2007). "Judge Expresses Skepticism About Facebook Lawsuit". The Wall Street Journal. New York. Retrieved April 30, 2008. 
^ Carlson, Nicolas (March 5, 2010). "In 2004, Mark Zuckerberg Broke Into A Facebook User's Private Email Account". Business Insider. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Stone, Brad (June 28, 2008). "Judge Ends Facebook's Feud With ConnectU". New York Times blog. 
^ Rushe, Dominic (February 2, 2012). "Facebook IPO sees Winklevoss twins heading for $300m fortune". The Guardian. London. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg, Harvard dropout, returns to open arms". CS Monitor. November 9, 2011. 
^ Fell, Jason (14 May 2014). "As Mark Zuckerberg Turns 30, His 10 Best Quotes as CEO". Entrepreneur. Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Retrieved 16 May 2014. 
^ Steinbock, Anna (May 25, 2017). "Harvard awards 10 honorary degrees". Harvard Gazette. Retrieved May 25, 2017. 
^ "13 YEARS AFTER QUITTING, FACEBOOK CEO MARK ZUCKERBERG GETS HONORARY HARVARD DEGREE". PPP Focus. 28 May 2017. 
^ a b Antonas, Steffan (May 10, 2009). "Did Mark Zuckerberg's Inspiration for Facebook Come Before Harvard?". ReadWrite Social. SAY Media, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ a b "Face-to-Face with Mark Zuckerberg '02". Phillips Exeter Academy. Phillips Exeter Academy. January 24, 2007. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^

Holt, Chris (March 10, 2004). "Thefacebook.com's darker side". The Stanford Daily. 
Nguyen, Lananh (April 12, 2004). "Online network created by Harvard students flourishes". The Tufts Daily. College Media Network. Archived from the original on October 15, 2013. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
Rotberg, Emily (April 14, 2004). "Thefacebook.com opens to Duke students". The Chronicle. Duke Student Publishing Company. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
"Students flock to join college online facebook". The Daily Pennsylvanian. Archived from the original on August 25, 2011. 


^ Alice Speri (August 7, 2012). "Zuckerberg's Roomie Aims to Win for Haiti". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Teller, Sam (November 1, 2005). "Zuckerberg To Leave Harvard Indefinitely". The Harvard Crimson. The Harvard Crimson, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Kevin J. Feeney (February 24, 2005). "Business, Casual.". The Harvard Crimson. The Harvard Crimson, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ a b c Singel, Ryan (May 28, 2010). "Epicenter: Mark Zuckerberg: I Donated to Open Source, Facebook Competitor". Wired News. Condé Nast Publishing. Retrieved May 29, 2010. 
^ MacMillan, Robert (April 1, 2009). "Yu, Zuckerberg and the Facebook fallout". Reuters. Retrieved March 26, 2013. In a back-to-the-future move, former Netscape CFO Peter Currie will be the key adviser to Facebook about financial matters, until a new search for a CFO is found, sources said. 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (July 22, 2010), 500 Million Stories, The Facebook Blog, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ a b c Levy, Steven (April 19, 2010). "Geek Power: Steven Levy Revisits Tech Titans, Hackers, Idealists". Wired. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ a b McGirt, Ellen (February 17, 2010). "The World's Most Innovative Companies 2010". Fast Company. Retrieved September 24, 2010. 
^ "The Vanity Fair 100". Vanity Fair. October 2010. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "The Vanity Fair 100". Vanity Fair. September 1, 2010. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg – 50 People who matter 2010". New Statesman. UK. Retrieved September 27, 2010. 
^ "Facebook's Zuckerberg says Steve Jobs advised on company focus, management". Bloomberg. November 7, 2011. Retrieved November 12, 2011. 
^ "Zuckerberg in Moscow to boost Facebook's presence". France24.com. October 1, 2012. Archived from the original on October 3, 2012. 
^ "Russia pushes Facebook to open research center". FoxNews. October 1, 2012. 
^ Delo, Cotton (April 16, 2013). "Facebook Practices What It Preaches for 'Home' Ad Blitz". Ad Age digital. Crain Communications. Retrieved April 18, 2013. 
^ Caitlin Dewey (August 19, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg's Facebook page was hacked by an unemployed web developer". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 19, 2013. 
^ a b Edwards, Victoria (September 21, 2013). "6 Things We Learned From Marissa Mayer and Mark Zuckerberg at TechCrunch Disrupt 2013". TechCrunch. AOL Inc. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ a b Stevenson, Alastair (August 22, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg Creates Tech Justice League to Bring Internet to the Masses". Search Engine Watch. Incisive Media Incisive Interactive Marketing LLC. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^

Samuel Gibbs (February 23, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg goes to Barcelona to make mobile friends". The Guardian. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
Sven Grundberg (January 16, 2014). "Facebook's Zuckerberg to Speak at Mobile World Congress". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
Meyer, David (January 16, 2014). "Facebook's Zuckerberg to headline Mobile World Congress this year". Gigaom. Gigaom, Inc. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 


^ Mark Gregory (February 22, 2014). "Mobile World Congress: What to expect from Barcelona". BBC News. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
^ Alex Hern, Jonathan Kaiman (October 23, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg addresses Chinese university in Mandarin". The Guardian. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Maria Tadeo (December 12, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg Q&A: What we learnt about the Facebook founder". The Independent. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Sam Colt (December 12, 2014). "Facebook May Be Adding a 'Dislike' Button". Inc. Monsueto Ventures. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Kirsch, Noah (December 3, 2016). "Since Trump's Election, Mark Zuckerberg's Net Worth Has Fallen $3.7 Billion". Forbes.com. Retrieved December 4, 2016. 
^ "The top 10 business visionaries creating value for the world". Business Insider. Business Insider Inc. 
^ Martey Dodoo (August 16, 2004). "Wirehog?". Martey Dodoo. 
^ Alan J. Tabak (August 13, 2004). "Zuckerberg Programs New Website". Harvard Crimson. 
^ "80000 developers". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ "The Facebook Blog | Facebook". Blog.facebook.com. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ "2007 Young Innovators Under 35: Mark Zuckerberg, 23". MIT Technology Review. 2007. Retrieved August 14, 2011. 
^ "Meet at the Silicon Valley among the tech leaders and Indian Prime Minister-Narendra Modi". Retrieved October 9, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg supports Digital India". Retrieved October 9, 2015. 
^ Carlson, Nicholas. "In 2004, Mark Zuckerberg Broke Into A Facebook User's Private Email Account". Silicon Alley Insider. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Logged in as click here to log out (February 12, 2009). "Facebook paid up to $65m to founder Mark Zuckerberg's ex-classmates". Guardian. UK. Retrieved August 21, 2009. 
^ McCarthy, Caroline (November 30, 2007). "article about 02138". News.com. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ Hempel, Jessi (July 25, 2009). "The book that Facebook doesn't want you to read". CNN Money. Archived from the original on September 14, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ West, Jackson. "Facebook CEO Named in Pakistan Criminal Investigation". NBC Bay Area. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ "Zuckerberg faces criminal investigation in Pakistan". 
^ Anderson, John (July 29, 2010). "Facebook does not have a like button for Ceglia". WellsvilleDaily.com. Retrieved August 29, 2010. 
^ "Venture beat coverage of Ceglia lawsuit". 
^ "Feds Collar Would-Be Facebook Fraudster". E-Commerce News. October 29, 2012. 
^ "A Dubious Case Found Lawyers Eager to Make Some Money". New York Times. October 29, 2012. 
^ "Paul Ceglia's lawyer drops out of Facebook suit after arrest". San Jose Mercury News. October 30, 2012. 
^ "Israeli minister accused facebook and its founder". Newsweek. Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg is facing claims that Facebook is not helping Israel crack down on terror". Express. Retrieved July 3, 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg has terror victim's 'blood on his hands', Israeli minister says". International Business Times. Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ Mark Zuckerberg hits back at 'misleading' claims he is suing Hawaiian landowners, Wired, January 20, 2017
^ "Facebook's Zuckerberg officially drops Hawaii 'quiet title' actions", Pacific Business News, Feb. 26, 2017
^ Fried, Ina (June 2, 2010). "Zuckerberg in the hot seat at D8". CNET. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ Harlow, John (May 16, 2010). "Movie depicts seamy life of Facebook boss". The Times Online. London. Retrieved July 18, 2010. 
^ Cieply, Michael & Helft, Miguel (August 20, 2010). "Facebook Feels Unfriendly Toward Film It Inspired". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Harris, Mark (September 17, 2010). "Inventing Facebook". New York. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ "The Social Network Filmmakers Thank Zuckerberg During Golden Globes". Techland. Time. January 17, 2011. 
^ "Last Night, Aaron Sorkin Demonstrated How to Apologize Without Accepting Responsibility". NYMag. January 17, 2011. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Meets Jesse Eisenberg on Saturday Night Live". People. January 30, 2011. Retrieved January 30, 2011. 
^ "Jesse Eisenberg meets the real Mark Zuckerberg on SNL". Digital Trends. January 31, 2011. 
^ "Jesse Eisenberg Calls Mark Zuckerberg "Sweet" and "Generous" in His Funny Oscar Nominees Lunch Interview" Popsugar, February 7, 2011
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Meets Jesse Eisenberg On The 'Saturday Night Live' Stage" NPR, January 30, 2011
^ a b c Rohrer, Finlo. "Is the Facebook movie the truth about Mark Zuckerberg" BBC, September 30, 2010
^ "The Facebook Effect: The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World", release date February 1, 2011
^ "Facebook Creator Mark Zuckerberg to Get Yellow on The Simpsons". New York. July 21, 2010. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Griggs, Brandon (October 11, 2010). "Facebook, Zuckerberg spoofed on 'SNL'". CNN. Retrieved October 11, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg ‘Liked’ SNL’s Facebook Skit". New York. October 12, 2010. Retrieved January 28, 2011. 
^ Lerer, Lisa & McMillan, Traci (October 30, 2010). "Comedy Central's Stewart Says Press, Politicians Are Creating Extremism". Bloomberg. Retrieved November 4, 2010. 
^ Nina Metz Chicago Closeup 9:00 a.m. CDT, July 18, 2013 (July 18, 2013). "Terms and Conditions May Apply". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved May 25, 2014. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "'Terms and Conditions May Apply' Details Digital-Age Loss of Privacy". New York Times. Retrieved May 25, 2014.  (paid)
^ Hoback, Cullen. "Our data is our digital identity - and we need to reclaim control | Technology". theguardian.com. Retrieved May 25, 2014. 
^ "Mayor Says Newark Is 40% There in Matching Facebook Founder's Grant". The Chronicle of Philanthropy. September 27, 2010. 
^ Ng, Philiana (September 24, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg: 'The Social Network' is 'fun'". The Hollywood Reporter. 
^ Tracy, Ryan (November 23, 2010). "Can Mark Zuckerberg's Money Save Newark's Schools?". Newsweek. 
^ Reidel, David (September 22, 2010). "Facebook CEO to Gift $100M to Newark Schools". CBS News.com. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg's Well-Timed $100 million Donation to Newark Public Schools". New York Magazine. September 22, 2010. Retrieved September 28, 2010. 
^ a b Isaac, Mike (September 24, 2010). "Zuckerberg Pressured To Announce $100 million Donation To Newark". Forbes. Retrieved Sep 28, 2010. 
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mark-zuckerbergs-100-million-donation-155608055.html
^ https://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/23/books/review/the-prize-by-dale-russakoff.html
^

Gonzales, Sandra (December 8, 2010). "Zuckerberg to donate wealth". San Jose Mercury News. 
"US billionaires pledge 50% of their wealth to charity". BBC. August 4, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
Moss, Rosabeth (December 14, 2010). "Four Strategic Generosity Lessons". Business Week. Retrieved March 9, 2011. 


^

Bailey, Brandon (December 19, 2013). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg makes $1 billion donation". San Jose Mercury News. Retrieved December 20, 2013. 
Sparkes, Matthew (December 19, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg donates $1bn to charity". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved December 20, 2013. 
Wagner, Kurt (January 3, 2014). "Zuckerberg's Other Billion-Dollar Idea: 2013's Biggest Charitable Gift". Mashable. Mashable. Retrieved January 3, 2014. 


^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg biggest giver in 2013". USA Today. February 10, 2014. 
^ Phillip, Abby (October 14, 2014). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and wife Priscilla Chan donate $25 million to Ebola fight". The Washington Post. Retrieved October 25, 2014. 
^ Kroll, Luisa (October 14, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg Is Giving $25 Million To Fight Ebola". Forbes. Retrieved October 25, 2014. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Vows to Donate 99% of His Facebook Shares for Charity". The New York Times. December 1, 2015. 
^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg to give away 99% of shares". BBC News Online. December 1, 2015. Retrieved December 1, 2015. 
^ "How Mark Zuckerberg’s Altruism Helps Himself". The New York Times. December 3, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg and the Rise of Philanthrocapitalism". The New Yorker. December 2, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg’s Philanthropy Uses L.L.C. for More Control". The New York Times. December 2, 2015. 
^ "Why Mark Zuckerberg's huge new donation is going to an LLC rather than a charity". Vox. December 2, 2015. 
^ givingpledge.org/
^ Katharine Mieszkowski  (April 19, 2011). "President Obama's Facebook appearance aimed at young voters; Bay Area visit targets big donors". The Bay Citizen. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ David Cohen (February 14, 2013). "Protestors Target Mark Zuckerberg’s Fundraiser For N.J. Gov. Chris Christie". AllFacebook. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ Ben Branstetter (October 21, 2013). "Conservatives including Mark Zuckerberg, Grover Norquist urge House to pass immigration reform". UPI. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ "Why Mark Zuckerberg is a conservative (and why that matters)". The Daily Dot. October 30, 2013. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ "2013: Year of the Liberal Billionaires". Politico. November 1, 2013. 
^ Julia Boorstin (February 13, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg 'Likes' Governor Chris Christie". CNBC. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Kate Zernike (January 24, 2013). "Facebook Chief to Hold Fund-Raiser for Christie". The New York Times. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Young, Elise (June 8, 2013). "Zuckerberg Plans Fundraiser for Cory Booker’s Senate Run". Bloomberg. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ Christine Richard, "Ackman Cash for Booker Brings $240 Million Aid From Wall Street", Bloomberg, October 28, 2010
^ "Education". Silicon valley Community Foundation. 
^ Cassidy, Mike (February 15, 2013). "Cassidy: Silicon Valley needs to harness its innovative spirit to level the playing field for blacks and Hispanics". The Mercury News. Retrieved April 23, 2013. 
^ Constine, Josh (April 11, 2013). "Zuckerberg And A Team Of Tech All-Stars Launch Political Advocacy Group FWD.us". TechCrunch. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Ferenstein, Gregory (April 11, 2013). "Zuckerberg Launches A Tech Lobby, But What Will It Do Differently?". TechCrunch. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Malik, Om (April 11, 2013). "Why I have issues with Mark Zuckerberg’s FWD.us". Gigaom. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Brian, Matt (April 11, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg launches FWD.us with notable Silicon Valley execs in fight for immigration reform". The Verge. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (April 11, 2013). "Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg: Immigration and the knowledge economy". The Washington Post. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ "About Us". FWD.us. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Handley, Meg (April 30, 2013). "Facebook's Zuckerberg Takes Heat Over Keystone, Drilling Ads". U.S. News & World Report. Archived from the original on May 3, 2013. Retrieved May 3, 2013. 
^ Weiner, Rachel. "Liberal groups boycotting Facebook over immigration push". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 7, 2013. 
^ Constine, Josh (June 20, 2013). "Zuckerberg Replies To His Facebook Commenters’ Questions On Immigration". TechCrunch. Aol Tech. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Gallagher, Billy (June 30, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg ‘Likes’ SF LGBT Pride As Tech Companies Publicly Celebrate Equal Rights". TechCrunch. AOL Inc. Retrieved July 2, 2013. 
^ Evelyn M. Rusli (June 30, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg Leads 700 Facebook Employees in SF Gay Pride". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved July 2, 2013. 
^ Emery, Debbie (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Vows to ‘Fight to Protect’ Muslim Rights on Facebook". TheWrap. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ White, Daniel (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Offers Support to Muslims in Facebook Post". Time Magazine. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Griffin, Andrew (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg speaks in support of Muslims after week of ‘hate’". The Guardian. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Cenk Uygur (December 10, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Stands With Muslims". The Young Turks. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Zuckerberg Invokes Jewish Heritage in Facebook Post Supporting Muslims". Haaretz. December 10, 2015. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Tait, Robert (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg voices support for Muslims amid Donald Trump ban row". The Daily Telegraph. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ a b King, Shaun (February 25, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg forced to address racism among Facebook staff after vandals target Black Lives Matter phrases". New York Daily News. Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ Jessica, Guynn (February 25, 2016). "Zuckerberg reprimands Facebook staff defacing 'Black Lives Matter' slogan". USA Today. Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ Snyder, Benjamin (February 25, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Takes Facebook Workers to Task Over "All Lives Matter" Graffiti". Fortune (magazine). Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ theguardian.com 28 January 2017: Mark Zuckerberg challenges Trump on immigration and 'extreme vetting' order
^ O'Connor, Clare (May 20, 2012), Mark Zuckerberg's Wife Priscilla Chan: A New Brand of Billionaire Bride, Forbes, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ Status Update: Mark Zuckerberg is married to Priscilla Chan, Techstroke, May 20, 2012, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ "White Coats on a Rainbow of Students", Spotlight, UCSF School of Medicine. Cf. Priscilla Chan, 23.
^ Spiegel, Rob (December 20, 2010). "Zuckerberg Goes Searching in China". 
^ "Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg learn chinese every morning". ChineseTime.cn. September 29, 2010. 
^ Stein, Joel. "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries sweetheart". Retrieved May 19, 2012. 
^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries Priscilla Chan". cbsnews.com. Retrieved May 20, 2012. 
^ Wohlsen, Marcus (May 19, 2012). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries longtime girlfriend, Priscilla Chan: Palo Alto, Calif., ceremony caps busy week after company goes public". msnbc.com. Associated Press. Retrieved May 20, 2012. 
^ "Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg to become a father". BBC News. BBC. July 31, 2015. Retrieved August 1, 2015. 
^ "The Switch Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan to give away 99 percent of their Facebook stock, worth $45 billion". 
^ "A letter to our daughter". www.facebook.com. Retrieved December 1, 2015. 
^ Kell, John (February 8, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Reveals Daughter's Chinese Name". Fortune.com. Retrieved February 29, 2016. In a pretty adorable video shared by the tech executive over the weekend, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan said their daughter Max's Chinese name is Chen Mingyu. 
^ Heath, Alex (March 9, 2017). "Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan are expecting another baby". Business Insider. Retrieved March 9, 2017. 
^ Vara, Vauhini (November 28, 2007). "Just How Much Do We Want to Share On Social Networks?". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ Daniel Alef (October 17, 2010). Mark Zuckerberg: The Face Behind Facebook and Social Networking. Titans of Fortune Publishing. ISBN 9781608043118. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ a b Julie Zauzmer (December 30, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg says he’s no longer an atheist, believes ‘religion is very important’". The Washington Post. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ "Facebook Is Injecting Buddhism Into Its Core Business So It Can Be More Compassionate". Retrieved June 25, 2013. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg says "Buddhism is an amazing religion". Retrieved October 27, 2015. 
^ Zauzmer, Julie (29 August 2016). "Pope Francis and Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg had a meeting today - The Washington Post". The Washington Post. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Fox, Emily Jane (29 August 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Gives the Pope an Unusual Gift". Vanity Fair. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Esteves, Junno Arocho (29 August 2016). "Pope meets with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg". America. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Bailey, Sarah Pulliam (25 May 2017). "Mark Zuckerberg shares the prayer he says to his daughter every night -". The Washington Post. Retrieved 6 June 2017. Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg gave the commencement address at Harvard University on Thursday, closing his speech by sharing a Jewish prayer called the “Mi Shebeirach,” which he said he recites whenever he faces a big challenge and which he sings to his daughter, thinking of her future, when he tucks her in at night. 
^ Hallowell, Billy (26 May 2017). "After Abandoning Atheism, Facebook Founder Mark Zuckerberg Reveals the Prayer He Sings to His Daughter Every Night Before Bed". Faithwire. Retrieved 6 June 2017. It was during Zuckerberg’s commencement address at Harvard University that he shared a Jewish prayer called the “Mi Shebeirach”— an invocation that he said he recites as he copes with major challenges in life and also when he tucks his child in at night, the Washington Post reported. 


External links



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Mark Zuckerberg





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Mark Zuckerberg.



Mark Zuckerberg on Facebook 
Mark Zuckerberg on IMDb 







v
t
e


Facebook



Website



Features
Beacon
Graph Search
EdgeRank
Platform
Payments
Facebook like button
Facebookcorewwwi.onion
Facebook Live
Facebook Zero
Facebook Stories





Other
products




Current



Instagram

followed users
liked pictures


Messenger
M (virtual assistant)
MSQRD
Oculus Rift
WhatsApp
Workplace





Former



Camera
FriendFeed
Home

HTC First


Paper
Poke (app)
Riff
Slingshot
Wirehog








People




Founders



Mark Zuckerberg (28% equity)
Dustin Moskovitz (7%)
Eduardo Saverin (5%, formerly)
Chris Hughes (1%, formerly)
Andrew McCollum





Board



Mark Zuckerberg
Jim Breyer (11%)
Peter Thiel (2%)
Sheryl Sandberg
Marc Andreessen
Erskine Bowles
Susan Desmond-Hellmann
Donald E. Graham
Reed Hastings





Executive
officers




Current



Mark Zuckerberg (Chairman and CEO)
Sheryl Sandberg (COO)
David Wehner (CFO)
Mike Schroepfer (CTO)





Former



Sean Parker (4%, formerly)
Owen Van Natta
Gideon Yu
Adam D'Angelo
Chris Kelly
Bret Taylor
David Ebersman








Notable
employees




Current



Chris Cox (VP of Product)
Elliot Schrage (VP of Global Communications, Marketing and Public Policy)
Lars Rasmussen (Graph Search director)
John Carmack (CTO of Oculus VR)
Hugo Barra (VP of Oculus VR)
Naomi Gleit (VP of social good)





Former



Blake Ross (Director of Product)
Ted Ullyot (VP, General Counsel, and Secretary)
Matt Cohler
Charlie Cheever
Randi Zuckerberg
Yishan Wong
George Hotz
Joe Lockhart
Andrei Alexandrescu (research scientist)











Open source



Apache Cassandra
Apache Hive
Apache Thrift
FQL
Hack
HipHop for PHP
Phabricator
React
Scribe
Open Compute Project





Mass media



The Facebook Effect
The Accidental Billionaires
The Social Network





Concepts



Activity stream
Social graph
Friending and following
Reblogging
Fan-gating
Facebook diplomacy
Facebook like button





Business



History
Timeline
Acquisitions
f8 conference
IPO
Censorship
Criticism
Litigation





Divisions



Facebook AI Research
Facebook Creative Labs





Related



Priscilla Chan (wife of Mark Zuckerberg)
Chan Zuckerberg Initiative












v
t
e


Time Persons of the Year (2001–present)






Rudolph Giuliani (2001)
The Whistleblowers: Cynthia Cooper / Coleen Rowley / Sherron Watkins (2002)
The American Soldier (2003)
George W. Bush (2004)
The Good Samaritans: Bono / Bill Gates / Melinda Gates (2005)
You (2006)
Vladimir Putin (2007)
Barack Obama (2008)
Ben Bernanke (2009)
Mark Zuckerberg (2010)
The Protestor (2011)
Barack Obama (2012)
Pope Francis (2013)
Ebola Fighters: Dr. Jerry Brown / Dr. Kent Brantly / Ella Watson-Stryker / Foday Gollah / Salome Karmah (2014)
Angela Merkel (2015)
Donald Trump (2016)








Complete roster
1927–1950
1951–1975
1976–2000
2001–present












v
t
e


The World's Billionaires – Top ten richest people in the world as of 20 April 2017






 Bill Gates ($86.0B, United States)
 Warren Buffett ($75.6B, United States)
 Jeff Bezos ($72.8B, United States)
 Amancio Ortega ($71.3B, Spain)
 Mark Zuckerberg ($56.0B, United States)
 Carlos Slim ($54.5B, Mexico)
 Larry Ellison ($52.2B, United States)
 Charles Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 David Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 Michael Bloomberg ($47.5B, United States)












v
t
e


Wealthiest people in the United States by state







AL
Jimmy Rane


AK
Leonard Hyde and Jonathan Rubini


AZ
Bruce Halle


AR
Jim Walton


CA
Mark Zuckerberg


CO
Charlie Ergen


CT
Ray Dalio


DE
Robert W. Gore and Elizabeth Snyder


FL
Thomas Peterffy


GA
Jim Kennedy


HI
Pierre Omidyar


ID
Frank L. VanderSloot


IL
Kenneth C. Griffin


IN
Carl Cook


IA
Harry Stine


KS
Charles Koch


KY
B. Wayne Hughes


LA
Tom Benson


ME
Bill and Susan Alfond


MD
Ted Lerner


MA
Abigail Johnson


MI
Dan Gilbert


MN
Whitney MacMillan


MS
Leslie Lampton


MO
Stan Kroenke


MT
Dennis Washington


NE
Warren Buffett


NV
Sheldon Adelson


NH
Andrea Reimann-Ciardelli


NJ
Donald Newhouse


NM
Mack C. Chase


NY
Michael Bloomberg


NC
James Goodnight


ND
Gary Tharaldson


OH
Les Wexner


OK
Harold Hamm


OR
Phil Knight


PA
Mary Alice Dorrance Malone


RI
Jonathan M. Nelson


SC
Anita Zucker


SD
T. Denny Sanford


TN
Thomas F. Frist Jr.


TX
Alice Walton


UT
Gail Miller


VT
John Abele


VA
Jacqueline Mars


WA
Bill Gates


WV
Jim Justice


WI
John Menard Jr.


WY
John Mars









Biography portal
Internet portal
United States portal





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 101338851
LCCN: n2009022154
ISNI: 0000 0001 1478 8765
GND: 139618171
SUDOC: 143320165
BNF: cb16182911f (data)
BIBSYS: 10033777
NDL: 01235319










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mark_Zuckerberg&oldid=792644760"					
Categories: 1984 births21st-century American businesspeopleAmerican billionairesAmerican chairmen of corporationsAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican computer programmersAmerican Internet celebritiesAmerican JewsAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican technology company foundersBusinesspeople from New YorkBusinesspeople from the San Francisco Bay AreaDirectors of FacebookFacebook employeesLiving peopleNerd culturePeople from Dobbs Ferry, New YorkPeople from Palo Alto, CaliforniaPeople from White Plains, New YorkPhillips Exeter Academy alumniPeople with color blindnessLife extensionistsGiving PledgersHidden categories: CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected biographies of living peopleUse American English from March 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from October 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2017Articles with unsourced statements from February 2016Wikipedia articles needing clarification from May 2014Articles containing Chinese-language textWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with BIBSYS identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎BislamaБългарскиBoarischBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalegoગુજરાતી한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡKapampanganქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliKurdîКыргызчаLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiमराठीმარგალურიمصرىBahasa MelayuМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanଓଡ଼ିଆOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیភាសាខ្មែរPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitతెలుగుTetunไทยТоҷикӣTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray粵語Zazaki中文डोटेली 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 19:09.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Mark Zuckerberg - Wikipedia




















 







Mark Zuckerberg

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Marc Zuckerberg)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Zuckerberg" redirects here. For other people with the surname, see Zuckerberg (name).


Mark Zuckerberg



Zuckerberg in 2014



Born
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg
(1984-05-14) May 14, 1984 (age 33)[1]
White Plains, New York, U.S.


Residence
Palo Alto, California, U.S.


Occupation
Computer programmer, Internet entrepreneur


Years active
2004–present


Known for
Co-founder of Facebook


Home town
Dobbs Ferry, New York, U.S.


Salary
One-dollar salary[2]


Net worth
US$63.7 billion (June 2017)[3]


Title
Chairman and CEO of Facebook


Spouse(s)
Priscilla Chan (m. 2012)


Children
1


Relatives
Randi Zuckerberg (sister)


Website
facebook.com/zuck


Signature





Mark Elliot Zuckerberg (born May 14, 1984) is an American computer programmer and Internet entrepreneur. He is a co-founder of Facebook, and currently operates as its chairman and chief executive officer.[4][5] His net worth is estimated to be US$63.3 billion as of May 2017, and he is ranked by Forbes as the fifth richest person in the world.[6][7]
Zuckerberg launched Facebook from his Harvard University dormitory room on February 4, 2004. He was assisted by his college roommates and fellow Harvard students Eduardo Saverin, Andrew McCollum, Dustin Moskovitz, and Chris Hughes.[8] The group then introduced Facebook to other college campuses. Facebook expanded rapidly, reaching one billion users by 2012. Meanwhile, Zuckerberg was involved in various legal disputes brought by others in the group, who claimed a share of the company based upon their involvement during the development phase of Facebook.
In December 2012, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan announced that over the course of their lives they would give the majority of their wealth to "advancing human potential and promoting equality" in the spirit of The Giving Pledge.[9] On December 1, 2015, they announced they would eventually give 99 percent of their Facebook shares (worth about US$45 billion at the time) to the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative.[10][11]
Since 2010, Time magazine has named Zuckerberg among the 100 wealthiest and most influential people in the world as a part of its Person of the Year award.[12][13][14] In December 2016, Zuckerberg was ranked 10th on Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[15]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Software developer

2.1 Early years
2.2 College years


3 Career

3.1 Facebook
3.2 Wirehog
3.3 Platform, Beacon, and Connect
3.4 Internet.org
3.5 Legal controversies

3.5.1 ConnectU lawsuits
3.5.2 Saverin lawsuit
3.5.3 Pakistan criminal investigation
3.5.4 Paul Ceglia
3.5.5 Palestinian terror attacks
3.5.6 Hawaiian land ownership




4 Depictions in media

4.1 The Social Network

4.1.1 Disputed accuracy


4.2 Other depictions


5 Philanthropy
6 Politics
7 Personal life
8 See also
9 References
10 External links



Early life

External video




 Mark Zuckerberg's career in 90 seconds, The Daily Telegraph[16]


Zuckerberg was born in 1984 in White Plains, New York.[17] He is the son of Karen (née Kempner), a psychiatrist, and Edward Zuckerberg, a dentist.[18] His ancestors came from Germany, Austria and Poland.[19] He and his three sisters, Randi, Donna, and Arielle, were brought up in Dobbs Ferry, New York, a small Westchester County village about 21 miles north of Midtown Manhattan.[20] Zuckerberg was raised Jewish and had his Bar Mitzvah when he turned 13.[21]
At Ardsley High School, Zuckerberg excelled in classes. He transferred to the exclusive private school Phillips Exeter Academy, in New Hampshire, in his junior year, where he won prizes in science (math, astronomy, and physics) and classical studies. In his youth, he also attended the Johns Hopkins Center for Talented Youth summer camp. On his college application, Zuckerberg claimed that he could read and write French, Hebrew, Latin, and ancient Greek. He was captain of the fencing team.[22][23][24]
Software developer
Early years
Zuckerberg began using computers and writing software in middle school. His father taught him Atari BASIC Programming in the 1990s, and later hired software developer David Newman to tutor him privately. Newman calls him a "prodigy", adding that it was "tough to stay ahead of him". Zuckerberg took a graduate course in the subject at Mercy College near his home while still in high school. He enjoyed developing computer programs, especially communication tools and games. In one program, since his father's dental practice was operated from their home, he built a software program he called "ZuckNet" that allowed all the computers between the house and dental office to communicate with each other. It is considered a "primitive" version of AOL's Instant Messenger, which came out the following year.[25][26]
According to writer Jose Antonio Vargas, "some kids played computer games. Mark created them." Zuckerberg himself recalls this period: "I had a bunch of friends who were artists. They'd come over, draw stuff, and I'd build a game out of it." However, notes Vargas, Zuckerberg was not a typical "geek-klutz", as he later became captain of his prep school fencing team and earned a classics diploma. Napster co-founder Sean Parker, a close friend, notes that Zuckerberg was "really into Greek odysseys and all that stuff", recalling how he once quoted lines from the Roman epic poem Aeneid, by Virgil, during a Facebook product conference.[20]
During Zuckerberg's high school years, he worked under the company name Intelligent Media Group to build a music player called the Synapse Media Player. The device used machine learning to learn the user's listening habits, which was posted to Slashdot[27] and received a rating of 3 out of 5 from PC Magazine.[28]
College years
Vargas noted that by the time Zuckerberg began classes at Harvard, he had already achieved a "reputation as a programming prodigy". He studied psychology and computer science and belonged to Alpha Epsilon Pi and Kirkland House.[12][20][29] In his sophomore year, he wrote a program that he called CourseMatch, which allowed users to make class selection decisions based on the choices of other students and also to help them form study groups. A short time later, he created a different program he initially called Facemash that let students select the best looking person from a choice of photos. According to Arie Hasit, Zuckerberg's roommate at the time, "he built the site for fun". Hasit explains:

We had books called Face Books, which included the names and pictures of everyone who lived in the student dorms. At first, he built a site and placed two pictures, or pictures of two males and two females. Visitors to the site had to choose who was "hotter" and according to the votes there would be a ranking.[30]

The site went up over a weekend, but by Monday morning, the college shut it down, because its popularity had overwhelmed one of Harvard's network switches and prevented students from accessing the Internet. In addition, many students complained that their photos were being used without permission. Zuckerberg apologized publicly, and the student paper ran articles stating that his site was "completely improper."[30]
The following semester, in January 2004, Zuckerberg began writing code for a new Web site.[31] On February 4, 2004, Zuckerberg launched "Thefacebook", originally located at thefacebook.com.[32]
Six days after the site launched, three Harvard seniors, Cameron Winklevoss, Tyler Winklevoss, and Divya Narendra, accused Zuckerberg of intentionally misleading them into believing he would help them build a social network called HarvardConnection.com, while he was instead using their ideas to build a competing product.[33] The three complained to The Harvard Crimson, and the newspaper began an investigation in response.[citation needed]
Following the official launch of the Facebook social media platform, the three filed a lawsuit against Zuckerberg that resulted in a settlement.[34] The agreed settlement was for 1.2 million Facebook shares that were worth US$300 million at Facebook's IPO.[35]
Zuckerberg dropped out of Harvard in his sophomore year to complete his project.[36] In January 2014, he recalled:

I remember really vividly, you know, having pizza with my friends a day or two after—I opened up the first version of Facebook at the time I thought, "You know, someone needs to build a service like this for the world." But I just never thought that we'd be the ones to help do it. And I think a lot of what it comes down to is we just cared more.[37]

Zuckerberg later received an honorary degree from Harvard on 28 May 2017.[38][39]
Career




Zuckerberg listening to President Barack Obama before a private meeting where Obama dined with technology business leaders in Woodside, California, February 17, 2011.


Facebook
Main articles: Facebook and History of Facebook
On February 4, 2004, Zuckerberg launched Facebook from his Harvard dormitory room.[40][41] An earlier inspiration for Facebook may have come from Phillips Exeter Academy, the prep school from which Zuckerberg graduated in 2002. It published its own student directory, "The Photo Address Book", which students referred to as "The Facebook". Such photo directories were an important part of the student social experience at many private schools. With them, students were able to list attributes such as their class years, their friends, and their telephone numbers.[40]
Once at college, Zuckerberg's Facebook started off as just a "Harvard thing" until Zuckerberg decided to spread it to other schools, enlisting the help of roommate Dustin Moskovitz. They began with Columbia University, New York University, Stanford, Dartmouth, Cornell, University of Pennsylvania, Brown, and Yale.[42] Samyr Laine, a triple jumper representing Haiti at the 2012 Summer Olympics, shared a room with Zuckerberg during Facebook's founding. "Mark was clearly on to great things," said Laine, who was Facebook's fourteenth user.[43]
Zuckerberg, Moskovitz and some friends moved to Palo Alto, California in Silicon Valley where they leased a small house that served as an office. Over the summer, Zuckerberg met Peter Thiel, who invested in the company. They got their first office in mid-2004. According to Zuckerberg, the group planned to return to Harvard, but eventually decided to remain in California.[44][45] They had already turned down offers by major corporations to buy the company. In an interview in 2007, Zuckerberg explained his reasoning: "It's not because of the amount of money. For me and my colleagues, the most important thing is that we create an open information flow for people. Having media corporations owned by conglomerates is just not an attractive idea to me."[41]
He restated these goals to Wired magazine in 2010: "The thing I really care about is the mission, making the world open."[46] Earlier, in April 2009, Zuckerberg sought the advice of former Netscape CFO Peter Currie about financing strategies for Facebook.[47] On July 21, 2010, Zuckerberg reported that the company reached the 500 million-user mark.[48] When asked whether Facebook could earn more income from advertising as a result of its phenomenal growth, he explained:

I guess we could ... If you look at how much of our page is taken up with ads compared to the average search query. The average for us is a little less than 10 percent of the pages and the average for search is about 20 percent taken up with ads ... That's the simplest thing we could do. But we aren't like that. We make enough money. Right, I mean, we are keeping things running; we are growing at the rate we want to.[46]

In 2010, Steven Levy, who wrote the 1984 book Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution, wrote that Zuckerberg "clearly thinks of himself as a hacker". Zuckerberg said that "it's OK to break things" "to make them better".[49][50] Facebook instituted "hackathons" held every six to eight weeks where participants would have one night to conceive of and complete a project.[49] The company provided music, food, and beer at the hackathons, and many Facebook staff members, including Zuckerberg, regularly attended.[50] "The idea is that you can build something really good in a night", Zuckerberg told Levy. "And that's part of the personality of Facebook now ... It's definitely very core to my personality."[49]
Vanity Fair magazine named Zuckerberg number 1 on its 2010 list of the Top 100 "most influential people of the Information Age".[51] Zuckerberg ranked number 23 on the Vanity Fair 100 list in 2009.[52] In 2010, Zuckerberg was chosen as number 16 in New Statesman's annual survey of the world's 50 most influential figures.[53]
In a 2011 interview with PBS shortly after the death of Steve Jobs, Zuckerberg said that Jobs had advised him on how to create a management team at Facebook that was "focused on building as high quality and good things as you are".[54]
On October 1, 2012, Zuckerberg visited Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev in Moscow to stimulate social media innovation in Russia and to boost Facebook's position in the Russian market.[55] Russia's communications minister tweeted that Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev urged the social media giant's founder to abandon plans to lure away Russian programmers and instead consider opening a research center in Moscow. In 2012, Facebook had roughly 9 million users in Russia, while domestic clone VK had around 34 million.[56] Rebecca Van Dyck, Facebook's head of consumer marketing, claimed that 85 million American Facebook users were exposed to the first day of the Home promotional campaign on April 6, 2013.[57]
On August 19, 2013, The Washington Post reported that Zuckerberg's Facebook profile was hacked by an unemployed web developer.[58]
At the 2013 TechCrunch Disrupt conference, held in September, Zuckerberg stated that he is working towards registering the 5 billion humans who were not connected to the Internet as of the conference on Facebook. Zuckerberg then explained that this is intertwined with the aim of the Internet.org project, whereby Facebook, with the support of other technology companies, seeks to increase the number of people connected to the internet.[59][60]
Zuckerberg was the keynote speaker at the 2014 Mobile World Congress (MWC), held in Barcelona, Spain, in March 2014, which was attended by 75,000 delegates. Various media sources highlighted the connection between Facebook's focus on mobile technology and Zuckerberg's speech, claiming that mobile represents the future of the company.[61] Zuckerberg's speech expands upon the goal that he raised at the TechCrunch conference in September 2013, whereby he is working towards expanding Internet coverage into developing countries.[62]
Alongside other American technology figures like Jeff Bezos and Tim Cook, Zuckerberg hosted visiting Chinese politician Lu Wei, known as the "Internet czar" for his influence in the enforcement of China's online policy, at Facebook's headquarters on December 8, 2014. The meeting occurred after Zuckerberg participated in a Q&A session at Tsinghua University in Beijing, China, on October 23, 2014, where he attempted to converse in Mandarin Chinese; although Facebook is banned in China, Zuckerberg is highly regarded among the people and was at the university to help fuel the nation's burgeoning entrepreneur sector.[63]
Zuckerberg fielded questions during a live Q&A session at the company's headquarters in Menlo Park on December 11, 2014. The founder and CEO explained that he does not believe Facebook is a waste of time, because it facilitates social engagement, and participating in a public session was so that he could "learn how to better serve the community".[64][65]
Zuckerberg receives a one-dollar salary as CEO of Facebook.[2] On December 3, 2016, Forbes reported Facebook shares had declined 7% since November 8, 2016, reducing Zuckerberg's net worth by $3.7 billion.[66] In June 2016, Business Insider named Zuckerberg one of the "Top 10 Business Visionaries Creating Value for the World" along with Elon Musk and Sal Khan, due to the fact that he and his wife "pledged to give away 99% of their wealth — which is estimated at over $52.1 billion."[67]
Wirehog
Main article: Wirehog
A month after Zuckerberg launched Facebook in February 2004, i2hub, another campus-only service, created by Wayne Chang, was launched. i2hub focused on peer-to-peer file sharing. At the time, both i2hub and Facebook were gaining the attention of the press and growing rapidly in users and publicity. In August 2004, Zuckerberg, Andrew McCollum, Adam D'Angelo, and Sean Parker launched a competing peer-to-peer file sharing service called Wirehog, a precursor to Facebook Platform applications.[68][69]
Platform, Beacon, and Connect




Zuckerberg at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland (January 2009).


On May 24, 2007, Zuckerberg announced Facebook Platform, a development platform for programmers to create social applications within Facebook. Within weeks, many applications had been built and some already had millions of users. It grew to more than 800,000 developers around the world building applications for Facebook Platform.[70]
On November 6, 2007, Zuckerberg announced Beacon, a social advertising system that enabled people to share information with their Facebook friends based on their browsing activities on other sites. For example, eBay sellers could let friends know automatically what they have for sale via the Facebook news feed as they listed items for sale. The program came under scrutiny because of privacy concerns from groups and individual users. Zuckerberg and Facebook failed to respond to the concerns quickly, and on December 5, 2007, Zuckerberg wrote a blog post on Facebook,[71] taking responsibility for the concerns about Beacon and offering an easier way for users to opt out of the service.
In 2007, Zuckerberg was added to MIT Technology Review's TR35 list as one of the top 35 innovators in the world under the age of 35.[72] On July 23, 2008, Zuckerberg announced Facebook Connect, a version of Facebook Platform for users.[citation needed]
Internet.org
In a public Facebook post, Zuckerberg launched the Internet.org project in late August 2013. Zuckerberg explained that the primary aim of the initiative is to provide Internet access to the 5 billion people who are not connected as of the launch date. Using a three-tier strategy, Internet.org will also create new jobs and open up new markets, according to Zuckerberg. He stated in his post:

The world economy is going through a massive transition right now. The knowledge economy is the future. By bringing everyone online, we'll not only improve billions of lives, but we'll also improve our own as we benefit from the ideas and productivity they contribute to the world. Giving everyone the opportunity to connect is the foundation for enabling the knowledge economy. It is not the only thing we need to do, but it's a fundamental and necessary step.[60]

To stay proven on the efforts of bringing in the concept of net neutrality, Mark Zuckerberg met Narendra Modi, Satya Nadella and Sundar Pichai at the Silicon Valley, to discuss on how to effectively establish affordable internet access to the less developed countries.[73] As a token of initiation, Mark Zuckerberg changed his Facebook profile picture to extend his support to the Digital India to help the rural communities to stay connected to the internet.[74]
Legal controversies
Main article: Criticism of Facebook
ConnectU lawsuits
Main article: ConnectU
Harvard students Cameron Winklevoss, Tyler Winklevoss, and Divya Narendra accused Zuckerberg of intentionally making them believe he would help them build a social network called HarvardConnection.com (later called ConnectU).[75] They filed a lawsuit in 2004, but it was dismissed on a technicality on March 28, 2007. It was refiled soon thereafter in federal court in Boston. Facebook countersued in regards to Social Butterfly, a project put out by The Winklevoss Chang Group, an alleged partnership between ConnectU and i2hub. On June 25, 2008, the case settled and Facebook agreed to transfer over 1.2 million common shares and pay $20 million in cash.[76]
In November 2007, confidential court documents were posted on the website of 02138, a magazine that catered to Harvard alumni. They included Zuckerberg's Social Security number, his parents' home address, and his girlfriend's address. Facebook filed to have the documents removed, but the judge ruled in favor of 02138.[77]
Saverin lawsuit
A lawsuit filed by Eduardo Saverin against Facebook and Zuckerberg was settled out of court. Though terms of the settlement were sealed, the company affirmed Saverin's title as co-founder of Facebook. Saverin signed a non-disclosure contract after the settlement.[78]
Pakistan criminal investigation
In June 2010, Pakistani Deputy Attorney General Muhammad Azhar Sidiqque launched a criminal investigation into Zuckerberg and Facebook co-founders Dustin Moskovitz and Chris Hughes after a "Draw Muhammad" contest was hosted on Facebook. The investigation named the anonymous German woman who created the contest. Sidiqque asked the country's police to contact Interpol to have Zuckerberg and the three others arrested for blasphemy. On May 19, 2010, Facebook's website was temporarily blocked in Pakistan until Facebook removed the contest from its website at the end of May. Sidiqque also asked its UN representative to raise the issue with the United Nations General Assembly.[79][80]
Paul Ceglia
Main article: Paul Ceglia
In June 2010, Paul Ceglia, the owner of a wood pellet fuel company in Allegany County, upstate New York, filed suit against Zuckerberg, claiming 84 percent ownership of Facebook and seeking monetary damages. According to Ceglia, he and Zuckerberg signed a contract on April 28, 2003, that an initial fee of $1,000 entitled Ceglia to 50% of the website's revenue, as well as an additional 1% interest in the business per day after January 1, 2004, until website completion. Zuckerberg was developing other projects at the time, among which was Facemash, the predecessor of Facebook, but did not register the domain name thefacebook.com until January 1, 2004. Facebook management dismissed the lawsuit as "completely frivolous". Facebook spokesman Barry Schnitt told a reporter that Ceglia's counsel had unsuccessfully sought an out-of-court settlement.[81][82]
On October 26, 2012, federal authorities arrested Ceglia, charging him with mail and wire fraud and of "tampering with, destroying and fabricating evidence in a scheme to defraud the Facebook founder of billions of dollars." Ceglia is accused of fabricating emails to make it appear that he and Zuckerberg discussed details about an early version of Facebook, although after examining their emails, investigators found there was no mention of Facebook in them.[83] Some law firms withdrew from the case before it was initiated and others after Ceglia's arrest.[84][85]
Palestinian terror attacks
On July 2, 2016, Israeli cabinet minister Gilad Erdan accused Zuckerberg of having some responsibility for deadly attacks by Palestinians against Israelis.[86] According to him, the social network was not doing enough to ban posts to its platform that incite violence against Israelis.[87] "Some of the victims' blood is on Zuckerberg's hands", Erdan said.[88]
Hawaiian land ownership
In January 2017, Zuckerberg filed eight "quiet title and partition" lawsuits against hundreds of native Hawaiians to get them to sell their land to him. This land is contained within the 700 acres of land in the Hawaiian island of Kauai that Zuckerberg had purchased in 2014. When he learned that Hawaiian land ownership law differs from that of the other 49 states, he dropped the lawsuits.[89][90]
Depictions in media
The Social Network
Main article: The Social Network
A movie based on Zuckerberg and the founding years of Facebook, The Social Network was released on October 1, 2010, and stars Jesse Eisenberg as Zuckerberg. After Zuckerberg was told about the film, he responded, "I just wished that nobody made a movie of me while I was still alive."[91] Also, after the film's script was leaked on the Internet and it was apparent that the film would not portray Zuckerberg in a wholly positive light, he stated that he wanted to establish himself as a "good guy".[92] The film is based on the book The Accidental Billionaires by Ben Mezrich, which the book's publicist once described as "big juicy fun" rather than "reportage".[93] The film's screenwriter Aaron Sorkin told New York magazine, "I don't want my fidelity to be the truth; I want it to be storytelling", adding, "What is the big deal about accuracy purely for accuracy's sake, and can we not have the true be the enemy of the good?"[94]
Upon winning the Golden Globe Award for Best Picture on January 16, 2011, producer Scott Rudin thanked Facebook and Zuckerberg "for his willingness to allow us to use his life and work as a metaphor through which to tell a story about communication and the way we relate to each other.”[95] Sorkin, who won for Best Screenplay, retracted some of the impressions given in his script:[96]

"I wanted to say to Mark Zuckerberg tonight, if you're watching, Rooney Mara's character makes a prediction at the beginning of the movie. She was wrong. You turned out to be a great entrepreneur, a visionary, and an incredible altruist."

On January 29, 2011, Zuckerberg made a surprise guest appearance on Saturday Night Live, which was being hosted by Jesse Eisenberg. They both said it was the first time they ever met.[97] Eisenberg asked Zuckerberg, who had been critical of his portrayal by the film, what he thought of the movie. Zuckerberg replied, "It was interesting."[98] In a subsequent interview about their meeting, Eisenberg explains that he was "nervous to meet him, because I had spent now, a year and a half thinking about him ..." He adds, "Mark has been so gracious about something that’s really so uncomfortable ... The fact that he would do SNL and make fun of the situation is so sweet and so generous. It’s the best possible way to handle something that, I think, could otherwise be very uncomfortable."[99][100]
Disputed accuracy
Jeff Jarvis, author of the book Public Parts, interviewed Zuckerberg and believes Sorkin made up too much of the story. He states, "That's what the internet is accused of doing, making stuff up, not caring about the facts."[101]
According to David Kirkpatrick, former technology editor at Fortune magazine and author of The Facebook Effect:The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World, (2011),[102] "the film is only "40% true ... he is not snide and sarcastic in a cruel way, the way Zuckerberg is played in the movie." He says that "a lot of the factual incidents are accurate, but many are distorted and the overall impression is false", and concludes that primarily "his motivations were to try and come up with a new way to share information on the Internet".[101]
Although the film portrays Zuckerberg's creation of Facebook in order to elevate his stature after not getting into any of the elite final clubs at Harvard, Zuckerberg said he had no interest in joining the clubs.[20] Kirkpatrick agrees that the impression implied by the film is "false". Karel Baloun, a former senior engineer at Facebook, notes that the "image of Zuckerberg as a socially inept nerd is overstated ... It is fiction ..." He likewise dismisses the film's assertion that he "would deliberately betray a friend".[101]
Other depictions
Zuckerberg voiced himself on an episode of The Simpsons titled "Loan-a Lisa", which first aired on October 3, 2010. In the episode, Lisa Simpson and her friend Nelson encounter Zuckerberg at an entrepreneurs' convention. Zuckerberg tells Lisa that she does not need to graduate from college to be wildly successful, referencing Bill Gates and Richard Branson as examples.[103]
On October 9, 2010, Saturday Night Live lampooned Zuckerberg and Facebook.[104] Andy Samberg played Zuckerberg. The real Zuckerberg was reported to have been amused: "I thought this was funny."[105]
Stephen Colbert awarded a "Medal of Fear" to Zuckerberg at the Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear on October 30, 2010, "because he values his privacy much more than he values yours".[106]
Zuckerberg appears in the climax of the documentary film Terms and Conditions May Apply.[107][108][109]
Philanthropy
See also: Chan Zuckerberg Initiative




Chan and Zuckerberg in Prague (2013)


Zuckerberg donated an undisclosed amount to Diaspora, an open-source personal Web server that implements a distributed social networking service. He called it a "cool idea".[46]
Zuckerberg founded the Start-up: Education foundation.[110][111] On September 22, 2010, it was reported that Zuckerberg had donated $100 million to Newark Public Schools, the public school system of Newark, New Jersey.[112][113] Critics noted the timing of the donation as being close to the release of The Social Network, which painted a somewhat negative portrait of Zuckerberg.[114] Zuckerberg responded to the criticism, saying, "The thing that I was most sensitive about with the movie timing was, I didn't want the press about The Social Network movie to get conflated with the Newark project. I was thinking about doing this anonymously just so that the two things could be kept separate."[115] Newark Mayor Cory Booker stated that he and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie had to convince Zuckerberg's team not to make the donation anonymously.[115] The money was largely wasted, according to journalist Dale Russakoff.[116][117]
On December 9, 2010, Zuckerberg, Bill Gates, and investor Warren Buffett signed "The Giving Pledge", in which they promised to donate to charity at least half of their wealth over the course of time, and invited others among the wealthy to donate 50 percent or more of their wealth to charity.[118]
On December 19, 2013, Zuckerberg announced a donation of 18 million Facebook shares to the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, to be executed by the end of the month—based on Facebook's valuation as of then, the shares totaled $990 million in value. On December 31, 2013, the donation was recognized as the largest charitable gift on public record for 2013.[119] The Chronicle of Philanthropy placed Zuckerberg and his wife at the top of the magazine's annual list of 50 most generous Americans for 2013, having donated roughly $1 billion to charity.[120]
In October 2014, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan donated US$25 million to combat the Ebola virus disease, specifically the West African Ebola virus epidemic.[121][122]
On December 1, 2015, Zuckerberg and Chan announced the birth of their daughter Max, and in an open letter to Max, they pledged to donate 99 percent of their Facebook shares, then valued at US$45 billion, to the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, their new organization that will focus on health and education. The donation will not be given immediately, but over the course of their lives.[123][124] However, instead of forming a charitable corporation to donate the value of the stock to, as Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, Larry Page, Sergey Brin and other tech billionaires have done, Zuckerberg and Chan chose to use the structure of a limited liability company. This has drawn criticism from a number of journalists.[125][126][127][128] Chan and Zuckerberg also signed The Giving Pledge.[129]
Politics
In 2002, Zuckerberg registered to vote in Westchester County, New York, where he grew up, but did not cast a ballot until November 2008. Santa Clara County Registrar of Voters Spokeswoman, Elma Rosas, told Bloomberg that Zuckerberg is listed as "no preference" on voter rolls, and he voted in the past two general elections, in 2008 and 2012.[130][131]
Zuckerberg has never revealed his own political views: some consider him a conservative,[132][133] while others consider him liberal.[134]
On February 13, 2013, Zuckerberg hosted his first ever fundraising event for New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. Zuckerberg's particular interest on this occasion was education reform, and Christie's education reform work focused on teachers unions and the expansion of charter schools.[135][136] Later that year, Zuckerberg hosted a campaign fundraiser for Newark mayor Cory Booker, who was running in the 2013 New Jersey special Senate election.[137] In September 2010, with the support of Governor Chris Christie, Booker obtained a US$100 million pledge from Zuckerberg to Newark Public Schools.[138] In December 2012, Zuckerberg donated 18 million shares to the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, a community organization that includes education in its list of grant-making areas.[139][140]
On April 11, 2013, Zuckerberg led the launch of a 501(c)(4) lobbying group called FWD.us. The founders and contributors to the group were primarily Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and investors, and its president was Joe Green, a close friend of Zuckerberg.[141][142][143][144] The goals of the group include immigration reform, improving the state of education in the United States, and enabling more technological breakthroughs that benefit the public,[145][146] yet it has also been criticized for financing ads advocating a variety of oil and gas development initiatives, including drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and the Keystone XL pipeline.[147] In 2013, numerous liberal and progressive groups, such as The League of Conservation Voters, MoveOn.org, the Sierra Club, Democracy for America, CREDO, Daily Kos, 350.org, and Presente and Progressives United agreed to either pull their Facebook ad buys or not buy Facebook ads for at least two weeks, in protest of Zuckerberg ads funded by FWD.us that were in support of oil drilling and the Keystone XL pipeline, and in opposition to Obamacare among Republican United States senators who back immigration reform.[clarification needed][148]
A media report on June 20, 2013 revealed that Zuckerberg actively engaged with Facebook users on his own profile page after the online publication of a FWD.us video. In response to a claim that the FWD.us organization is "just about tech wanting to hire more people", the Internet entrepreneur replied: "The bigger problem we’re trying to address is ensuring the 11 million undocumented folks living in this country now and similar folks in the future are treated fairly."[149]
In June 2013, Zuckerberg joined Facebook employees in a company float as part of the annual San Francisco Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Pride Celebration. The company first participated in the event in 2011, with 70 employees, and this number increased to 700 for the 2013 march. The 2013 pride celebration was especially significant, as it followed a U.S. Supreme Court ruling that deemed the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) unconstitutional.[150][151]
When questioned about the mid-2013 PRISM scandal at the TechCrunch Disrupt conference in September 2013, Zuckerberg stated that the U.S. government "blew it." He further explained that the government performed poorly in regard to the protection of the freedoms of its citizens, the economy, and companies.[59]
Zuckerberg placed a statement on his Facebook wall on December 9, 2015 which said that he wants "to add my voice in support of Muslims in our community and around the world" in response to the aftermath of the November 2015 Paris attacks and the 2015 San Bernardino attack.[152][153][154][155] The statement also said that Muslims are "always welcome" on Facebook, and that his position was a result of the fact that "as a Jew, my parents taught me that we must stand up against attacks on all communities."[156][157]
On February 24, 2016, Zuckerberg sent out a company-wide internal memo to employees formally rebuking employees who had crossed out handwritten "Black Lives Matter" phrases on the company walls and had written "All Lives Matter" in their place. Facebook allows employees to free-write thoughts and phrases on company walls. The memo was then leaked by several employees. As Zuckerberg had previously condemned this practice at previous company meetings, and other similar requests had been issued by other leaders at Facebook, Zuckerberg wrote in the memo that he would now consider this overwriting practice not only disrespectful, but "malicious as well." According to Zuckerberg's memo, "Black Lives Matter doesn't mean other lives don't -- it's simply asking that the black community also achieves the justice they deserve." The memo also noted that the act of crossing something out in itself, "means silencing speech, or that one person's speech is more important than another's." Zuckerberg also said in the memo that he would be launching investigations into the incidents.[158][159][160] The New York Daily News interviewed Facebook employees who commented anonymously that, "Zuckerberg was genuinely angry about the incident and it really encouraged staff that Zuckerberg showed a clear understanding of why the phrase 'Black Lives Matter' must exist, as well as why writing through it is a form of harassment and erasure." [158]
In January 2017, Zuckerberg criticized Donald Trump’s executive order to severely limit immigrants and refugees from some countries.[161]
Personal life
Zuckerberg met his future wife, fellow student Priscilla Chan, at a fraternity party during his sophomore year at Harvard. They began dating in 2003.[162][163]
In September 2010, Zuckerberg invited Chan, by then a medical student at the University of California, San Francisco,[164] to move into his rented Palo Alto house. Zuckerberg studied Mandarin in preparation for the couple's visit to China in December 2010.[165][166] On May 19, 2012, Zuckerberg and Chan married in Zuckerberg's backyard in an event that also celebrated her graduation from medical school.[167][168][169] On July 31, 2015, Zuckerberg announced that he and Chan were expecting a baby girl. He said he felt confident that the risk of miscarrying was low so far into the pregnancy, after Chan had already suffered three miscarriages.[170] On December 1, Zuckerberg announced the birth of their daughter, Maxima Chan Zuckerberg ("Max").[171][172] The couple announced on their Chinese New Year video, published on February 6, 2016, that Maxima's official Chinese name is Chen Mingyu (Chinese: 陈明宇).[173] In March 2017, he announced that the two are expecting another daughter.[174]
While raised Jewish, Zuckerberg later identified as an atheist,[175][22][176] a position he has since renounced.[177] He has shown an appreciation for Buddhism.[178][179] With regard to Christianity, both Zuckerberg and his wife told Pope Francis in August 2016 "how much we admire his message of mercy and tenderness, and how he's found new ways to communicate with people of every faith around the world."[180][181][182] In December 2016, when asked "Aren't you an atheist?" in response to a Christmas Day post on Facebook, Zuckerberg responded, "No. I was raised Jewish and then I went through a period where I questioned things, but now I believe religion is very important."[177] As he closed his commencement address at Harvard University in May 2017, Zuckerberg shared the Jewish prayer Mi Shebeirach, which he stated he says when he faces challenges in life.[183][184]
See also

Criticism of Facebook
Mark Zuckerberg book club

References


^ Pilkington, Ed (March 10, 2011). "Forbes rich list: Facebook six stake their claims". The Guardian. UK. Retrieved March 30, 2011. 
^ a b "Facebook, Inc. Proxy Statement". United States Security and Exchange Commission. April 26, 2013. p. 31. Retrieved March 30, 2014. On January 1, 2013, Mr. Zuckerberg’s annual base salary was reduced to $1 and he will no longer receive annual bonus compensation under our Bonus Plan. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg - Forbes". Forbes. 
^ Napach, Bernice (July 26, 2013). "Facebook Surges and Mark Zuckerberg Pockets $3.8 Billion". Yahoo! Finance. 
^ Hiltzik, Michael (May 20, 2012). "Facebook shareholders are wedded to the whims of Mark Zuckerberg". Los Angeles Times. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg". Forbes. Retrieved April 19, 2016. 
^ "The World's Billionaires List". Forbes. Retrieved December 12, 2016. 
^ Carlson, Nicholas (March 5, 2010). "At Last – The Full Story Of How Facebook Was Founded". Business Insider. 
^ The Giving Pledge website, retrieved December 3, 2015
^ BBC News. The great Facebook giveaway - how will it work?, December 2, 2015
^ http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-34978249
^ a b Grossman, Lev (December 15, 2010). "Person of the Year 2010: Mark Zuckerberg". Time. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg". Forbes. March 2012. Retrieved May 19, 2012. 
^ "The All-Time TIME 100 of All Time". Time. April 18, 2012. Retrieved April 20, 2012. 
^ "The World's Most Powerful People". Forbes. December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg's career in 90 seconds". The Daily Telegraph. Retrieved March 3, 2017. 
^ Malone, Jasmine (Dec 15, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg wins Time person of the year: profile". The Daily Telegraph. London. 
^ "The Zuckerbergs of Dobbs Ferry", New York, no. May 14, 2012, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (Jan 27, 2017). "My great grandparents came from Germany, Austria, and Poland.". Facebook. PaloAlto. 
^ a b c d Vargas, Jose Antonio (September 20, 2010). "The Face of Facebook". The New Yorker. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Burrell, Ian (July 24, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg: He's got the whole world on his site". The Independent. UK. Retrieved November 6, 2010. 
^ a b Kirkpatrick, David (2010). The Facebook Effect: The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World. New York: Simon & Schuster. pp. 20–21. ISBN 978-1-4391-0211-4. Retrieved November 9, 2010. 
^ McDevitt, Caitlin (March 5, 2010). "What We Learned About Mark Zuckerberg This Week". The Big Money. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Grynbaum, Michael M. (June 10, 2004). "Mark E. Zuckerberg '06: The whiz behind thefacebook.com". The Harvard Crimson. 
^ "4-thing-mark-zuckerberg". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ "facebook-founder-mark-zuckerberg-child-prodigy". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ Hemos/Dan Moore (April 21, 2003). "Machine Learning and MP3s". Slashdot. Retrieved September 3, 2010. 
^ Dreier, Troy (February 8, 2005). "Synapse Media Player Review". PCMag.com. Retrieved September 3, 2010. 
^ Larson, Chase (March 25, 2011), Mark Zuckerberg speaks at BYU, calls Facebook "as much psychology and sociology as it is technology", Deseret News, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ a b "Facebook founder's roommate recounts creation of Internet giant". Haaretz. Oct 5, 2009. 
^ Hoffman, Claire (June 28, 2008). "The Battle for Facebook". Rolling Stone. New York. Archived from the original on July 3, 2008. Retrieved February 5, 2009. 
^ Seward, Zachary M. (July 25, 2007). "Judge Expresses Skepticism About Facebook Lawsuit". The Wall Street Journal. New York. Retrieved April 30, 2008. 
^ Carlson, Nicolas (March 5, 2010). "In 2004, Mark Zuckerberg Broke Into A Facebook User's Private Email Account". Business Insider. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Stone, Brad (June 28, 2008). "Judge Ends Facebook's Feud With ConnectU". New York Times blog. 
^ Rushe, Dominic (February 2, 2012). "Facebook IPO sees Winklevoss twins heading for $300m fortune". The Guardian. London. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg, Harvard dropout, returns to open arms". CS Monitor. November 9, 2011. 
^ Fell, Jason (14 May 2014). "As Mark Zuckerberg Turns 30, His 10 Best Quotes as CEO". Entrepreneur. Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Retrieved 16 May 2014. 
^ Steinbock, Anna (May 25, 2017). "Harvard awards 10 honorary degrees". Harvard Gazette. Retrieved May 25, 2017. 
^ "13 YEARS AFTER QUITTING, FACEBOOK CEO MARK ZUCKERBERG GETS HONORARY HARVARD DEGREE". PPP Focus. 28 May 2017. 
^ a b Antonas, Steffan (May 10, 2009). "Did Mark Zuckerberg's Inspiration for Facebook Come Before Harvard?". ReadWrite Social. SAY Media, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ a b "Face-to-Face with Mark Zuckerberg '02". Phillips Exeter Academy. Phillips Exeter Academy. January 24, 2007. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^

Holt, Chris (March 10, 2004). "Thefacebook.com's darker side". The Stanford Daily. 
Nguyen, Lananh (April 12, 2004). "Online network created by Harvard students flourishes". The Tufts Daily. College Media Network. Archived from the original on October 15, 2013. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
Rotberg, Emily (April 14, 2004). "Thefacebook.com opens to Duke students". The Chronicle. Duke Student Publishing Company. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
"Students flock to join college online facebook". The Daily Pennsylvanian. Archived from the original on August 25, 2011. 


^ Alice Speri (August 7, 2012). "Zuckerberg's Roomie Aims to Win for Haiti". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Teller, Sam (November 1, 2005). "Zuckerberg To Leave Harvard Indefinitely". The Harvard Crimson. The Harvard Crimson, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Kevin J. Feeney (February 24, 2005). "Business, Casual.". The Harvard Crimson. The Harvard Crimson, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ a b c Singel, Ryan (May 28, 2010). "Epicenter: Mark Zuckerberg: I Donated to Open Source, Facebook Competitor". Wired News. Condé Nast Publishing. Retrieved May 29, 2010. 
^ MacMillan, Robert (April 1, 2009). "Yu, Zuckerberg and the Facebook fallout". Reuters. Retrieved March 26, 2013. In a back-to-the-future move, former Netscape CFO Peter Currie will be the key adviser to Facebook about financial matters, until a new search for a CFO is found, sources said. 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (July 22, 2010), 500 Million Stories, The Facebook Blog, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ a b c Levy, Steven (April 19, 2010). "Geek Power: Steven Levy Revisits Tech Titans, Hackers, Idealists". Wired. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ a b McGirt, Ellen (February 17, 2010). "The World's Most Innovative Companies 2010". Fast Company. Retrieved September 24, 2010. 
^ "The Vanity Fair 100". Vanity Fair. October 2010. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "The Vanity Fair 100". Vanity Fair. September 1, 2010. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg – 50 People who matter 2010". New Statesman. UK. Retrieved September 27, 2010. 
^ "Facebook's Zuckerberg says Steve Jobs advised on company focus, management". Bloomberg. November 7, 2011. Retrieved November 12, 2011. 
^ "Zuckerberg in Moscow to boost Facebook's presence". France24.com. October 1, 2012. Archived from the original on October 3, 2012. 
^ "Russia pushes Facebook to open research center". FoxNews. October 1, 2012. 
^ Delo, Cotton (April 16, 2013). "Facebook Practices What It Preaches for 'Home' Ad Blitz". Ad Age digital. Crain Communications. Retrieved April 18, 2013. 
^ Caitlin Dewey (August 19, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg's Facebook page was hacked by an unemployed web developer". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 19, 2013. 
^ a b Edwards, Victoria (September 21, 2013). "6 Things We Learned From Marissa Mayer and Mark Zuckerberg at TechCrunch Disrupt 2013". TechCrunch. AOL Inc. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ a b Stevenson, Alastair (August 22, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg Creates Tech Justice League to Bring Internet to the Masses". Search Engine Watch. Incisive Media Incisive Interactive Marketing LLC. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^

Samuel Gibbs (February 23, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg goes to Barcelona to make mobile friends". The Guardian. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
Sven Grundberg (January 16, 2014). "Facebook's Zuckerberg to Speak at Mobile World Congress". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
Meyer, David (January 16, 2014). "Facebook's Zuckerberg to headline Mobile World Congress this year". Gigaom. Gigaom, Inc. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 


^ Mark Gregory (February 22, 2014). "Mobile World Congress: What to expect from Barcelona". BBC News. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
^ Alex Hern, Jonathan Kaiman (October 23, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg addresses Chinese university in Mandarin". The Guardian. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Maria Tadeo (December 12, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg Q&A: What we learnt about the Facebook founder". The Independent. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Sam Colt (December 12, 2014). "Facebook May Be Adding a 'Dislike' Button". Inc. Monsueto Ventures. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Kirsch, Noah (December 3, 2016). "Since Trump's Election, Mark Zuckerberg's Net Worth Has Fallen $3.7 Billion". Forbes.com. Retrieved December 4, 2016. 
^ "The top 10 business visionaries creating value for the world". Business Insider. Business Insider Inc. 
^ Martey Dodoo (August 16, 2004). "Wirehog?". Martey Dodoo. 
^ Alan J. Tabak (August 13, 2004). "Zuckerberg Programs New Website". Harvard Crimson. 
^ "80000 developers". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ "The Facebook Blog | Facebook". Blog.facebook.com. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ "2007 Young Innovators Under 35: Mark Zuckerberg, 23". MIT Technology Review. 2007. Retrieved August 14, 2011. 
^ "Meet at the Silicon Valley among the tech leaders and Indian Prime Minister-Narendra Modi". Retrieved October 9, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg supports Digital India". Retrieved October 9, 2015. 
^ Carlson, Nicholas. "In 2004, Mark Zuckerberg Broke Into A Facebook User's Private Email Account". Silicon Alley Insider. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Logged in as click here to log out (February 12, 2009). "Facebook paid up to $65m to founder Mark Zuckerberg's ex-classmates". Guardian. UK. Retrieved August 21, 2009. 
^ McCarthy, Caroline (November 30, 2007). "article about 02138". News.com. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ Hempel, Jessi (July 25, 2009). "The book that Facebook doesn't want you to read". CNN Money. Archived from the original on September 14, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ West, Jackson. "Facebook CEO Named in Pakistan Criminal Investigation". NBC Bay Area. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ "Zuckerberg faces criminal investigation in Pakistan". 
^ Anderson, John (July 29, 2010). "Facebook does not have a like button for Ceglia". WellsvilleDaily.com. Retrieved August 29, 2010. 
^ "Venture beat coverage of Ceglia lawsuit". 
^ "Feds Collar Would-Be Facebook Fraudster". E-Commerce News. October 29, 2012. 
^ "A Dubious Case Found Lawyers Eager to Make Some Money". New York Times. October 29, 2012. 
^ "Paul Ceglia's lawyer drops out of Facebook suit after arrest". San Jose Mercury News. October 30, 2012. 
^ "Israeli minister accused facebook and its founder". Newsweek. Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg is facing claims that Facebook is not helping Israel crack down on terror". Express. Retrieved July 3, 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg has terror victim's 'blood on his hands', Israeli minister says". International Business Times. Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ Mark Zuckerberg hits back at 'misleading' claims he is suing Hawaiian landowners, Wired, January 20, 2017
^ "Facebook's Zuckerberg officially drops Hawaii 'quiet title' actions", Pacific Business News, Feb. 26, 2017
^ Fried, Ina (June 2, 2010). "Zuckerberg in the hot seat at D8". CNET. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ Harlow, John (May 16, 2010). "Movie depicts seamy life of Facebook boss". The Times Online. London. Retrieved July 18, 2010. 
^ Cieply, Michael & Helft, Miguel (August 20, 2010). "Facebook Feels Unfriendly Toward Film It Inspired". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Harris, Mark (September 17, 2010). "Inventing Facebook". New York. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ "The Social Network Filmmakers Thank Zuckerberg During Golden Globes". Techland. Time. January 17, 2011. 
^ "Last Night, Aaron Sorkin Demonstrated How to Apologize Without Accepting Responsibility". NYMag. January 17, 2011. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Meets Jesse Eisenberg on Saturday Night Live". People. January 30, 2011. Retrieved January 30, 2011. 
^ "Jesse Eisenberg meets the real Mark Zuckerberg on SNL". Digital Trends. January 31, 2011. 
^ "Jesse Eisenberg Calls Mark Zuckerberg "Sweet" and "Generous" in His Funny Oscar Nominees Lunch Interview" Popsugar, February 7, 2011
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Meets Jesse Eisenberg On The 'Saturday Night Live' Stage" NPR, January 30, 2011
^ a b c Rohrer, Finlo. "Is the Facebook movie the truth about Mark Zuckerberg" BBC, September 30, 2010
^ "The Facebook Effect: The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World", release date February 1, 2011
^ "Facebook Creator Mark Zuckerberg to Get Yellow on The Simpsons". New York. July 21, 2010. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Griggs, Brandon (October 11, 2010). "Facebook, Zuckerberg spoofed on 'SNL'". CNN. Retrieved October 11, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg ‘Liked’ SNL’s Facebook Skit". New York. October 12, 2010. Retrieved January 28, 2011. 
^ Lerer, Lisa & McMillan, Traci (October 30, 2010). "Comedy Central's Stewart Says Press, Politicians Are Creating Extremism". Bloomberg. Retrieved November 4, 2010. 
^ Nina Metz Chicago Closeup 9:00 a.m. CDT, July 18, 2013 (July 18, 2013). "Terms and Conditions May Apply". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved May 25, 2014. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "'Terms and Conditions May Apply' Details Digital-Age Loss of Privacy". New York Times. Retrieved May 25, 2014.  (paid)
^ Hoback, Cullen. "Our data is our digital identity - and we need to reclaim control | Technology". theguardian.com. Retrieved May 25, 2014. 
^ "Mayor Says Newark Is 40% There in Matching Facebook Founder's Grant". The Chronicle of Philanthropy. September 27, 2010. 
^ Ng, Philiana (September 24, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg: 'The Social Network' is 'fun'". The Hollywood Reporter. 
^ Tracy, Ryan (November 23, 2010). "Can Mark Zuckerberg's Money Save Newark's Schools?". Newsweek. 
^ Reidel, David (September 22, 2010). "Facebook CEO to Gift $100M to Newark Schools". CBS News.com. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg's Well-Timed $100 million Donation to Newark Public Schools". New York Magazine. September 22, 2010. Retrieved September 28, 2010. 
^ a b Isaac, Mike (September 24, 2010). "Zuckerberg Pressured To Announce $100 million Donation To Newark". Forbes. Retrieved Sep 28, 2010. 
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mark-zuckerbergs-100-million-donation-155608055.html
^ https://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/23/books/review/the-prize-by-dale-russakoff.html
^

Gonzales, Sandra (December 8, 2010). "Zuckerberg to donate wealth". San Jose Mercury News. 
"US billionaires pledge 50% of their wealth to charity". BBC. August 4, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
Moss, Rosabeth (December 14, 2010). "Four Strategic Generosity Lessons". Business Week. Retrieved March 9, 2011. 


^

Bailey, Brandon (December 19, 2013). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg makes $1 billion donation". San Jose Mercury News. Retrieved December 20, 2013. 
Sparkes, Matthew (December 19, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg donates $1bn to charity". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved December 20, 2013. 
Wagner, Kurt (January 3, 2014). "Zuckerberg's Other Billion-Dollar Idea: 2013's Biggest Charitable Gift". Mashable. Mashable. Retrieved January 3, 2014. 


^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg biggest giver in 2013". USA Today. February 10, 2014. 
^ Phillip, Abby (October 14, 2014). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and wife Priscilla Chan donate $25 million to Ebola fight". The Washington Post. Retrieved October 25, 2014. 
^ Kroll, Luisa (October 14, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg Is Giving $25 Million To Fight Ebola". Forbes. Retrieved October 25, 2014. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Vows to Donate 99% of His Facebook Shares for Charity". The New York Times. December 1, 2015. 
^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg to give away 99% of shares". BBC News Online. December 1, 2015. Retrieved December 1, 2015. 
^ "How Mark Zuckerberg’s Altruism Helps Himself". The New York Times. December 3, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg and the Rise of Philanthrocapitalism". The New Yorker. December 2, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg’s Philanthropy Uses L.L.C. for More Control". The New York Times. December 2, 2015. 
^ "Why Mark Zuckerberg's huge new donation is going to an LLC rather than a charity". Vox. December 2, 2015. 
^ givingpledge.org/
^ Katharine Mieszkowski  (April 19, 2011). "President Obama's Facebook appearance aimed at young voters; Bay Area visit targets big donors". The Bay Citizen. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ David Cohen (February 14, 2013). "Protestors Target Mark Zuckerberg’s Fundraiser For N.J. Gov. Chris Christie". AllFacebook. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ Ben Branstetter (October 21, 2013). "Conservatives including Mark Zuckerberg, Grover Norquist urge House to pass immigration reform". UPI. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ "Why Mark Zuckerberg is a conservative (and why that matters)". The Daily Dot. October 30, 2013. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ "2013: Year of the Liberal Billionaires". Politico. November 1, 2013. 
^ Julia Boorstin (February 13, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg 'Likes' Governor Chris Christie". CNBC. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Kate Zernike (January 24, 2013). "Facebook Chief to Hold Fund-Raiser for Christie". The New York Times. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Young, Elise (June 8, 2013). "Zuckerberg Plans Fundraiser for Cory Booker’s Senate Run". Bloomberg. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ Christine Richard, "Ackman Cash for Booker Brings $240 Million Aid From Wall Street", Bloomberg, October 28, 2010
^ "Education". Silicon valley Community Foundation. 
^ Cassidy, Mike (February 15, 2013). "Cassidy: Silicon Valley needs to harness its innovative spirit to level the playing field for blacks and Hispanics". The Mercury News. Retrieved April 23, 2013. 
^ Constine, Josh (April 11, 2013). "Zuckerberg And A Team Of Tech All-Stars Launch Political Advocacy Group FWD.us". TechCrunch. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Ferenstein, Gregory (April 11, 2013). "Zuckerberg Launches A Tech Lobby, But What Will It Do Differently?". TechCrunch. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Malik, Om (April 11, 2013). "Why I have issues with Mark Zuckerberg’s FWD.us". Gigaom. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Brian, Matt (April 11, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg launches FWD.us with notable Silicon Valley execs in fight for immigration reform". The Verge. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (April 11, 2013). "Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg: Immigration and the knowledge economy". The Washington Post. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ "About Us". FWD.us. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Handley, Meg (April 30, 2013). "Facebook's Zuckerberg Takes Heat Over Keystone, Drilling Ads". U.S. News & World Report. Archived from the original on May 3, 2013. Retrieved May 3, 2013. 
^ Weiner, Rachel. "Liberal groups boycotting Facebook over immigration push". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 7, 2013. 
^ Constine, Josh (June 20, 2013). "Zuckerberg Replies To His Facebook Commenters’ Questions On Immigration". TechCrunch. Aol Tech. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Gallagher, Billy (June 30, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg ‘Likes’ SF LGBT Pride As Tech Companies Publicly Celebrate Equal Rights". TechCrunch. AOL Inc. Retrieved July 2, 2013. 
^ Evelyn M. Rusli (June 30, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg Leads 700 Facebook Employees in SF Gay Pride". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved July 2, 2013. 
^ Emery, Debbie (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Vows to ‘Fight to Protect’ Muslim Rights on Facebook". TheWrap. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ White, Daniel (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Offers Support to Muslims in Facebook Post". Time Magazine. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Griffin, Andrew (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg speaks in support of Muslims after week of ‘hate’". The Guardian. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Cenk Uygur (December 10, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Stands With Muslims". The Young Turks. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Zuckerberg Invokes Jewish Heritage in Facebook Post Supporting Muslims". Haaretz. December 10, 2015. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Tait, Robert (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg voices support for Muslims amid Donald Trump ban row". The Daily Telegraph. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ a b King, Shaun (February 25, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg forced to address racism among Facebook staff after vandals target Black Lives Matter phrases". New York Daily News. Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ Jessica, Guynn (February 25, 2016). "Zuckerberg reprimands Facebook staff defacing 'Black Lives Matter' slogan". USA Today. Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ Snyder, Benjamin (February 25, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Takes Facebook Workers to Task Over "All Lives Matter" Graffiti". Fortune (magazine). Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ theguardian.com 28 January 2017: Mark Zuckerberg challenges Trump on immigration and 'extreme vetting' order
^ O'Connor, Clare (May 20, 2012), Mark Zuckerberg's Wife Priscilla Chan: A New Brand of Billionaire Bride, Forbes, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ Status Update: Mark Zuckerberg is married to Priscilla Chan, Techstroke, May 20, 2012, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ "White Coats on a Rainbow of Students", Spotlight, UCSF School of Medicine. Cf. Priscilla Chan, 23.
^ Spiegel, Rob (December 20, 2010). "Zuckerberg Goes Searching in China". 
^ "Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg learn chinese every morning". ChineseTime.cn. September 29, 2010. 
^ Stein, Joel. "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries sweetheart". Retrieved May 19, 2012. 
^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries Priscilla Chan". cbsnews.com. Retrieved May 20, 2012. 
^ Wohlsen, Marcus (May 19, 2012). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries longtime girlfriend, Priscilla Chan: Palo Alto, Calif., ceremony caps busy week after company goes public". msnbc.com. Associated Press. Retrieved May 20, 2012. 
^ "Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg to become a father". BBC News. BBC. July 31, 2015. Retrieved August 1, 2015. 
^ "The Switch Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan to give away 99 percent of their Facebook stock, worth $45 billion". 
^ "A letter to our daughter". www.facebook.com. Retrieved December 1, 2015. 
^ Kell, John (February 8, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Reveals Daughter's Chinese Name". Fortune.com. Retrieved February 29, 2016. In a pretty adorable video shared by the tech executive over the weekend, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan said their daughter Max's Chinese name is Chen Mingyu. 
^ Heath, Alex (March 9, 2017). "Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan are expecting another baby". Business Insider. Retrieved March 9, 2017. 
^ Vara, Vauhini (November 28, 2007). "Just How Much Do We Want to Share On Social Networks?". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ Daniel Alef (October 17, 2010). Mark Zuckerberg: The Face Behind Facebook and Social Networking. Titans of Fortune Publishing. ISBN 9781608043118. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ a b Julie Zauzmer (December 30, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg says he’s no longer an atheist, believes ‘religion is very important’". The Washington Post. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ "Facebook Is Injecting Buddhism Into Its Core Business So It Can Be More Compassionate". Retrieved June 25, 2013. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg says "Buddhism is an amazing religion". Retrieved October 27, 2015. 
^ Zauzmer, Julie (29 August 2016). "Pope Francis and Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg had a meeting today - The Washington Post". The Washington Post. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Fox, Emily Jane (29 August 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Gives the Pope an Unusual Gift". Vanity Fair. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Esteves, Junno Arocho (29 August 2016). "Pope meets with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg". America. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Bailey, Sarah Pulliam (25 May 2017). "Mark Zuckerberg shares the prayer he says to his daughter every night -". The Washington Post. Retrieved 6 June 2017. Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg gave the commencement address at Harvard University on Thursday, closing his speech by sharing a Jewish prayer called the “Mi Shebeirach,” which he said he recites whenever he faces a big challenge and which he sings to his daughter, thinking of her future, when he tucks her in at night. 
^ Hallowell, Billy (26 May 2017). "After Abandoning Atheism, Facebook Founder Mark Zuckerberg Reveals the Prayer He Sings to His Daughter Every Night Before Bed". Faithwire. Retrieved 6 June 2017. It was during Zuckerberg’s commencement address at Harvard University that he shared a Jewish prayer called the “Mi Shebeirach”— an invocation that he said he recites as he copes with major challenges in life and also when he tucks his child in at night, the Washington Post reported. 


External links



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Mark Zuckerberg





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Mark Zuckerberg.



Mark Zuckerberg on Facebook 
Mark Zuckerberg on IMDb 







v
t
e


Facebook



Website



Features
Beacon
Graph Search
EdgeRank
Platform
Payments
Facebook like button
Facebookcorewwwi.onion
Facebook Live
Facebook Zero
Facebook Stories





Other
products




Current



Instagram

followed users
liked pictures


Messenger
M (virtual assistant)
MSQRD
Oculus Rift
WhatsApp
Workplace





Former



Camera
FriendFeed
Home

HTC First


Paper
Poke (app)
Riff
Slingshot
Wirehog








People




Founders



Mark Zuckerberg (28% equity)
Dustin Moskovitz (7%)
Eduardo Saverin (5%, formerly)
Chris Hughes (1%, formerly)
Andrew McCollum





Board



Mark Zuckerberg
Jim Breyer (11%)
Peter Thiel (2%)
Sheryl Sandberg
Marc Andreessen
Erskine Bowles
Susan Desmond-Hellmann
Donald E. Graham
Reed Hastings





Executive
officers




Current



Mark Zuckerberg (Chairman and CEO)
Sheryl Sandberg (COO)
David Wehner (CFO)
Mike Schroepfer (CTO)





Former



Sean Parker (4%, formerly)
Owen Van Natta
Gideon Yu
Adam D'Angelo
Chris Kelly
Bret Taylor
David Ebersman








Notable
employees




Current



Chris Cox (VP of Product)
Elliot Schrage (VP of Global Communications, Marketing and Public Policy)
Lars Rasmussen (Graph Search director)
John Carmack (CTO of Oculus VR)
Hugo Barra (VP of Oculus VR)
Naomi Gleit (VP of social good)





Former



Blake Ross (Director of Product)
Ted Ullyot (VP, General Counsel, and Secretary)
Matt Cohler
Charlie Cheever
Randi Zuckerberg
Yishan Wong
George Hotz
Joe Lockhart
Andrei Alexandrescu (research scientist)











Open source



Apache Cassandra
Apache Hive
Apache Thrift
FQL
Hack
HipHop for PHP
Phabricator
React
Scribe
Open Compute Project





Mass media



The Facebook Effect
The Accidental Billionaires
The Social Network





Concepts



Activity stream
Social graph
Friending and following
Reblogging
Fan-gating
Facebook diplomacy
Facebook like button





Business



History
Timeline
Acquisitions
f8 conference
IPO
Censorship
Criticism
Litigation





Divisions



Facebook AI Research
Facebook Creative Labs





Related



Priscilla Chan (wife of Mark Zuckerberg)
Chan Zuckerberg Initiative












v
t
e


Time Persons of the Year (2001–present)






Rudolph Giuliani (2001)
The Whistleblowers: Cynthia Cooper / Coleen Rowley / Sherron Watkins (2002)
The American Soldier (2003)
George W. Bush (2004)
The Good Samaritans: Bono / Bill Gates / Melinda Gates (2005)
You (2006)
Vladimir Putin (2007)
Barack Obama (2008)
Ben Bernanke (2009)
Mark Zuckerberg (2010)
The Protestor (2011)
Barack Obama (2012)
Pope Francis (2013)
Ebola Fighters: Dr. Jerry Brown / Dr. Kent Brantly / Ella Watson-Stryker / Foday Gollah / Salome Karmah (2014)
Angela Merkel (2015)
Donald Trump (2016)








Complete roster
1927–1950
1951–1975
1976–2000
2001–present












v
t
e


The World's Billionaires – Top ten richest people in the world as of 20 April 2017






 Bill Gates ($86.0B, United States)
 Warren Buffett ($75.6B, United States)
 Jeff Bezos ($72.8B, United States)
 Amancio Ortega ($71.3B, Spain)
 Mark Zuckerberg ($56.0B, United States)
 Carlos Slim ($54.5B, Mexico)
 Larry Ellison ($52.2B, United States)
 Charles Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 David Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 Michael Bloomberg ($47.5B, United States)












v
t
e


Wealthiest people in the United States by state







AL
Jimmy Rane


AK
Leonard Hyde and Jonathan Rubini


AZ
Bruce Halle


AR
Jim Walton


CA
Mark Zuckerberg


CO
Charlie Ergen


CT
Ray Dalio


DE
Robert W. Gore and Elizabeth Snyder


FL
Thomas Peterffy


GA
Jim Kennedy


HI
Pierre Omidyar


ID
Frank L. VanderSloot


IL
Kenneth C. Griffin


IN
Carl Cook


IA
Harry Stine


KS
Charles Koch


KY
B. Wayne Hughes


LA
Tom Benson


ME
Bill and Susan Alfond


MD
Ted Lerner


MA
Abigail Johnson


MI
Dan Gilbert


MN
Whitney MacMillan


MS
Leslie Lampton


MO
Stan Kroenke


MT
Dennis Washington


NE
Warren Buffett


NV
Sheldon Adelson


NH
Andrea Reimann-Ciardelli


NJ
Donald Newhouse


NM
Mack C. Chase


NY
Michael Bloomberg


NC
James Goodnight


ND
Gary Tharaldson


OH
Les Wexner


OK
Harold Hamm


OR
Phil Knight


PA
Mary Alice Dorrance Malone


RI
Jonathan M. Nelson


SC
Anita Zucker


SD
T. Denny Sanford


TN
Thomas F. Frist Jr.


TX
Alice Walton


UT
Gail Miller


VT
John Abele


VA
Jacqueline Mars


WA
Bill Gates


WV
Jim Justice


WI
John Menard Jr.


WY
John Mars









Biography portal
Internet portal
United States portal





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 101338851
LCCN: n2009022154
ISNI: 0000 0001 1478 8765
GND: 139618171
SUDOC: 143320165
BNF: cb16182911f (data)
BIBSYS: 10033777
NDL: 01235319










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mark_Zuckerberg&oldid=792644760"					
Categories: 1984 births21st-century American businesspeopleAmerican billionairesAmerican chairmen of corporationsAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican computer programmersAmerican Internet celebritiesAmerican JewsAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican technology company foundersBusinesspeople from New YorkBusinesspeople from the San Francisco Bay AreaDirectors of FacebookFacebook employeesLiving peopleNerd culturePeople from Dobbs Ferry, New YorkPeople from Palo Alto, CaliforniaPeople from White Plains, New YorkPhillips Exeter Academy alumniPeople with color blindnessLife extensionistsGiving PledgersHidden categories: CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected biographies of living peopleUse American English from March 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from October 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2017Articles with unsourced statements from February 2016Wikipedia articles needing clarification from May 2014Articles containing Chinese-language textWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with BIBSYS identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎BislamaБългарскиBoarischBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalegoગુજરાતી한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡKapampanganქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliKurdîКыргызчаLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiमराठीმარგალურიمصرىBahasa MelayuМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanଓଡ଼ିଆOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیភាសាខ្មែរPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitతెలుగుTetunไทยТоҷикӣTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray粵語Zazaki中文डोटेली 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 19:09.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
 



Facebook Founder Mark Zuckerberg's Unexpected Management Genius






















































































Main Menu
Fortune.com




Subscribe

















 





By Adam Lashinsky


					Photo: Courtesy of Facebook				

					November 10, 2016, 6:30 AM EDT				

The Unexpected Management Genius of Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg
Here’s what you can learn from Fortune’s Businessperson of the Year.
The first time I interviewed Mark Zuckerberg, back in 2005, he was all of 21 years old and could have passed for 16. He had recently dropped out of Harvard to move his startup to Silicon Valley and was obviously enjoying the novelty of being called CEO. Facebook’s website—there was no mobile version yet—had 6 million users and was open exclusively to high school and college students. It had only just added a feature allowing users to upload multiple photos to their profiles. But the company was already a hot commodity, valued at $100 million and coveted by buyers who were willing to pay far more. And despite his callowness, it was obvious that Zuckerberg was an entrepreneur who was, as I wrote at the time, “preternaturally levelheaded.”
If there was one point Zuckerberg was most forceful about that day, it was this: He wasn’t the least bit interested in selling his year-old company. “I’m in this to build something cool, not to get bought,” he said with a bloodless sincerity that was altogether convincing.
Eleven years later Zuckerberg (No. 1, Businessperson of the Year) has built something beyond cool: He has willed into being a global phenomenon. Facebook 


fb



 is a nearly 16,000-employee media powerhouse worth $350 billion—and also an advertising-technology juggernaut on track to annual revenues of more than $27 billion in 2016 and gaudy profits of $7 billion. Its core product now has 1.8 billion users, and Zuckerberg has shrewdly assembled a portfolio of properties to buttress Facebook. The complete “family of apps” includes the photo-sharing tool Instagram and the communications service WhatsApp, plus two homegrown apps, Facebook Messenger and Facebook Groups. In addition, Zuckerberg believes the company’s Oculus virtual-reality headset represents the next way people will communicate with one another.
 Zuckerberg bro-hugs President Obama at an entrepreneurship summit at Stanford in June.Photo: Kevin Lamarque—Reuters via Zuma Press
Facebook’s immense accomplishments already have conferred superstar status on Zuckerberg, inviting comparisons to the likes of Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, and Jeff Bezos. At 32, he is as fresh-faced and casually dressed as a decade ago, yet today the Facebook CEO is a celebrity wherever he goes. He huddles with Presidents, Prime Ministers, and the pope. He is photographed jogging in Beijing and Barcelona. (This year he ran his first half-marathon.) Together with his physician wife, Priscilla Chan, he has become one of the world’s most ambitious philanthropists, most recently pledging $3 billion to an initiative with an audacious goal: to cure, prevent, or make manageable all diseases in their children’s lifetime.

Click to enlarge.
Zuckerberg is rightly recognized for his outsize success. Nevertheless, he is surprisingly underappreciated for his business acumen. Yes, he has delegated the commercial aspects of Facebook to Sheryl Sandberg, Facebook’s polished chief operating officer, a Harvard MBA who is 15 years Zuckerberg’s senior. Sandberg’s presence has fostered an “adult supervision” narrative familiar to the Valley. But unlike, say, the Google 


googl



 founders, who turned over the CEO job to Eric Schmidt for a decade, Zuckerberg has remained chief executive throughout Facebook’s 12-year sprint to greatness. Despite repeated doubts—when Facebook missed the shift to smartphones, when it was thought to have botched its IPO, when it was seen as losing its luster with young people—Zuckerberg has remained the company’s chief product visionary and business strategist. Through bold acquisitions and the articulation of a remarkably constant mission, Zuckerberg has kept Facebook on track in the face of full-frontal assaults from the likes of Google, Twitter 


twtr



, Snapchat, and others.
Admirers attribute Zuckerberg’s business success to his inquisitive nature as well as to his relatively grounded approach to technology. “He’s always been a learn-it-all person, to a level that is sometimes maddening, considering how much more I have to learn from him than he does from me,” says Matt Cohler, a venture capitalist at Benchmark and an early Facebook employee who has remained close to Zuckerberg. “He maintains a relentless focus on innovation, but at the same time he’s an applied-science and engineering guy.”
What Zuckerberg has engineered at Facebook is growth that is astounding considering the size of the company. For four years running, it has grown revenues at a 50% clip, while profits have jumped fivefold. Unsurprisingly, Facebook’s stock has followed suit, doubling in two years. In its most recent quarter, Facebook increased its revenues 56% over the year before and its net income 166%. (And yet the stock dipped on the news, as some investors expressed fears the company won’t be able to keep up the scorching pace.)
 Zuckerberg and his wife, Priscilla Chan, meeting Pope Francis in August.Photo: Courtesy of Facebook
Growing at scale is the holy grail of business leadership—and this feat alone makes Zuckerberg an easy choice for Fortune’s Businessperson of the Year for 2016. Facebook’s products are frequently dissected, as are its missteps as a reluctant media titan. (Facebook seems to enjoy the financial fruits of advertising dominance far more than the editorial responsibilities that go with it.)

Yet for all the celebration of Facebook’s success and the adulation of Zuckerberg as a visionary, what’s less well understood is how he goes about his day job as an executive. What makes him so effective as a businessperson? An examination of Zuckerberg’s management approach reveals that his success rests on three pillars: his unique ability to look into the future, his otherworldly consistency, and the business discipline he has nurtured in an industry quite often enamored of bright, shiny objects. A closer look reveals just how levelheaded he has remained over the years.


Being a visionary is harder than it looks.
Mike Vernal graduated from Harvard in 2002, a few months before Zuckerberg arrived on campus, and took a job at Microsoft 


msft



. Five years later he joined Facebook as an engineer, and later rose to head the company’s search, local, and marketplace product groups, reporting to Zuckerberg. Earlier this year he left Facebook to become a venture capitalist—meaning his new job is to find the next Mark Zuckerberg.
Having watched Facebook’s CEO up close, Vernal believes the key to Zuckerberg’s success is his ability to think for the ages while knowing when to go deep. “One of the things that defines Mark is that he takes a very, very long view of things, almost a geological view,” says Vernal. “Most people think day to day or week to week. Mark thinks century to century.” (Indeed, Zuckerberg’s favorite video game is Civilization, which allows players to consider the vast sweep of history while plotting their next move.)

Somewhat less grandiosely, Vernal cites Zuckerberg’s audacious 10-year-and-beyond quest to connect the half of the planet that doesn’t yet use the Internet. Facebook’s plan to do this involves fixed-wing drones that will deliver connectivity from high above the earth. Vernal says Zuckerberg typically has a pile of books on his desk, visible to all through the glass walls that surround it. “For a while there was a book on free-space optical communications,” says Vernal, referring to a technology Facebook is pursuing that will beam signals from the atmosphere. “It is telling about Mark’s personality that he reads a college textbook on free-space optics.”
 Zuckerberg inspecting Aquila, a solar-powered, fixed-wing drone, before a test flight in Arizona in July. Facebook plans to use the aircraft, which can stay airborne for up to 90 days at a time, to beam down Internet signals to people in remote areas of the globe as part of the company’s mission to make the world more connected.Photo: Courtesy of Facebook
An introvert given to long stares and awkward silences, Zuckerberg does more than think deeply. Where CEOs with more emotional intelligence rely on their gifts for gab, Facebook’s CEO attributes his management technique to his training as an engineer. “For me engineering comes down to two real principles,” he told a group of Nigerian software developers this summer. The “engineering mind-set,” he said, dictates thinking “of every problem as a system” and breaking down problems “from the biggest stage down to smaller pieces.” Over time, Zuckerberg told his rapt audience in Lagos, “you get to the point where you’re running a company,” itself a complicated system segmented into groups of high-functioning people. “Instead of managing individuals, you’re managing teams. And if you’ve built it well, then it’s not so different from writing code.”


A consistent message helps rally the troops.
Zuckerberg has proved adept at selecting talent, relying on a core of top executives who have been at Facebook for much of its existence. He claims to draw more inspiration from his coterie of senior managers than from any mentor or adviser. While he retains his reputation as a boy-genius coder, in reality Zuckerberg is something of a grinder—a 99% perspiration guy who has surrounded himself with a group of people he respects and with whom he is constantly stress-testing his hypotheses. “Ideas typically do not just come to you,” he said in a 2014 public Q&A session at Facebook. “They happen because you’ve been talking about something or thinking about something and talking to a lot of people about it for a long period of time.”
 At Facebook’s F8 developers conference in April, Zuckerberg laid out the company’s 10-year road map, which includes continued development of artificial intelligence and virtual reality.Photo: Courtesy of Facebook
From such thinking came Zuckerberg’s realization that three broad themes matter most to Facebook: connectivity (his goal of bringing the Internet—and the wonders of Facebook, of course—to those who don’t have it), artificial intelligence, and virtual reality.
What’s more, because he is always pushing, Zuckerberg has shown an ability to recognize big ideas from others early—including when Facebook has been late—and has been able to act with bold conviction to buy what others have created, if necessary. Examples include spending $1 billion to buy photo-sharing site Instagram in 2012; $2 billion for Oculus VR two years later; and $19 billion for WhatsApp, also in 2014. Instagram, with estimated revenues of $2.5 billion this year, already is a runaway success, while at a minimum Oculus and WhatsApp have positioned Facebook to succeed in important areas adjacent to its core product.
Photos, Bosworth: Paul Sakuma—AP; Cox: Christophe Morin—IP3/Getty Images; Iribe: Harriet Taylor—CNBC/NBCU Photo Bank via Getty Images; Koum: Manuel Blondeau—AOP.Press/Corbis/Getty Images; Olivan: Jim Wilson—The New York Times/Redux; Sandberg: Allison Shelley—Getty Images; Schroepfer: Denis Allard—REA/Redux; Systrom: Matt Edge—The New York Times/Redux
One of Facebook’s key business innovations is a “growth team”—today made up of hundreds of people—that designs tactics for various parts of the company, relying on a rigorous set of metrics to gauge success. The unit has broad latitude to weigh in on any aspect of Facebook’s business. “The growth team’s discipline has had as big an impact on Facebook as anything else,” says Vernal, the former top product executive. “The team owns no single product. Instead, it owns any issue that is preventing people from signing up for or using Facebook.”
Silicon Valley companies are now widely replicating the concept of the growth team invented at Facebook.


Patience pays, even for a young company in a hurry.
Facebook has a simple, if grandiose mission: “To give people the power to share and make the world more open and connected.” Zuckerberg, whose wooden public speaking style has improved with practice, is mind-numbingly efficient about slipping the statement into everyday conversation, as well as his speeches and interviews.
The repetition makes for effective external and internal messaging. If something at Facebook can’t be explained by the oft-repeated catchphrase, then it doesn’t fit. Virtual reality has a place because Zuckerberg thinks it’s the next “platform” for communicating, just as the web was when he started Facebook. Spending an outrageous amount of money for WhatsApp—which has challenged Skype as the trendiest free international calling service—was acceptable because it fit into the “open and connected” mantra.
A corollary to staying on message is being patient and disciplined in pursuit of the mission. Zuckerberg was ultra-patient with Instagram, which had no revenues when Facebook bought it but is now booming. He appears to be playing a similarly long game with WhatsApp.


ADVICE FROM THE CEO
THE FACEBOOK FOUNDER IN HIS OWN WORDS
Zuckerberg often muses on management. Here, a selection of quotes from public Q&As posted on Facebook.
ON WHO SHOULD WORK AT FACEBOOK
In terms of attracting people, I think one of the most important things is just being upfront about what you stand for. Facebook is not a company for everyone. We believe that the world will be better when everyone has the ability to share what they think and to be able to connect to their friends and to be able to connect to the whole world. I believe very strongly that that’s good for the world, and if you believe that, then Facebook is a good company for you, and if you don’t, then maybe find a different one.
ON EXPERIMENTATION
In a lot of ways building a company is like following the scientific method. You try a bunch of different hypotheses, and if you set up the experiments well, then you kind of learn what to do… We invest in this huge testing framework. At any given point in time, there’s not just one version of Facebook running in the world. There’re probably tens of thousands of versions running because engineers here have the power to try out an idea and ship it to maybe 10,000 people or 100,000 people. And then they get a readout.
ON THE VALUE OF SURROUNDING ONESELF WITH TALENTED PEOPLE
If you’re in an environment where you’re not learning as much as you think you should be, if you don’t have the people around you who you think are going to inspire you to do the best work that you can, then think about changing something. Because that’s a big deal.
ON RESISTING THE TEMPTATION FOR A QUICK FIX WHEN HIRING
Over the long term, you’re really only going to be better off if you get someone really good. I’ve developed over time a simple rule, which is that I will only hire someone to work directly for me if I would work for that person.


Indeed, Zuckerberg’s achievement in guiding Facebook to where it is today owes as much to what he hasn’t done as to what he has. Unlike Alphabet, Google’s parent, Facebook harbors no separate unit for “moon shots.” It isn’t attempting to reinvent contact lenses or autonomous vehicles. Zuckerberg may have pledged part of his immense wealth to fighting disease—his Facebook stake is worth nearly $50 billion—but his company has no subsidiary attempting to reverse the effects of aging.
So he’s disciplined, collaborative, consistent, generous, and at least outwardly humble. He’s even a progressive role model. When his daughter, Maxima, was born just after Thanksgiving last year, Zuckerberg took a two-month paternity leave.
Zuckerberg is also big on personal goals, having committed in the past to learning Mandarin and this year to designing his own AI-fueled personal assistant, named Jarvis, for his home. He recently told an audience in Rome that through Jarvis he can control the house’s temperature but that “much to the chagrin of my wife,” she cannot, “because it is programmed to only listen to my voice, which is one of the perks of being an engineer.” He added, “I’ll give her access once I’m done.”
As ever, Zuckerberg is determined to build the next cool thing his way, even if it means a little domestic friction.
A version of this article appears in the December 1, 2016 issue of Fortune with the headline “How to Lead Like Zuck.”










Sign In








						Email address or Password is incorrect					
EMAIL/USERNAME

PASSWORD




Remember Me
Forgot Password?




Want the Full Story?
SUBSCRIBE





Get 







Email









 

Privacy Policy









Thank you for your interest in licensing Fortune content. Please find information on various licensing contacts below and choose the one that best suits your needs:

1. To license Fortune articles, excerpts, or headlines for republication in various media (including books, eBooks, film, web, newsletters, newspapers, magazines and others), please email syndication@timeinc.com.
2. To license a Fortune cover, order reprint or e-print copies of an article or cover, or license an accolade, please contact PARS International at www.timeincreprints.com.
3. To license text only photocopies of Fortunearticles as print or digital handouts in academic settings, or in academic coursepacks, please contact the Copyright Clearance Center at www.copyright.com

































Post to



Cancel







 












































Mark Zuckerberg (@finkd) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.






Moments
Moments
Moments, current page.






Search query



Search Twitter









Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      Mark Zuckerberg



@finkd












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
19
            



Following
Following
813



Followers
Followers
434K

 
 
More 













Unmute @finkd

Mute @finkd



Follow


    Following
  

    Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















Mark Zuckerberg



@finkd















Joined February 2009












                
                0 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                





You blocked @finkd
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @finkd
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            Mark Zuckerberg followed
        

























Mark Zuckerberg‏ @finkd

18 Jan 2012






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Tell your congressmen you want them to be pro-internet. My Facebook post is here: https://www.facebook.com/zuck/posts/10100210345757211 …





1,989 replies




3,308 retweets




2,544 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Mark Zuckerberg‏ @finkd

13 Mar 2009






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Also just created a public page on FB: www.facebook.com/markzuckerberg





502 replies




647 retweets




1,423 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Mark Zuckerberg‏ @finkd

13 Mar 2009






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Excited about rolling out the new real-time stream home page to all FB. To everyone who has written in asking for it, you'll have it soon!





186 replies




413 retweets




1,011 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Mark Zuckerberg‏ @finkd

8 Mar 2009






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







I find it funny that it's on Digg that I'm here. I'm looking forward to when people can have unlimited connections on Facebook soon!





133 replies




283 retweets




834 likes








Reply


133







Retweet


283




Retweeted


283








Like


834





Liked


834










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Mark Zuckerberg‏ @finkd

8 Mar 2009






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







So many interesting people are following me. I think I'll follow some of you guys as well.





387 replies




504 retweets




1,618 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Mark Zuckerberg‏ @finkd

7 Mar 2009






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Yes, this is the real Mark Zuckerberg. Thanks for following me!





344 replies




642 retweets




1,648 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Mark Zuckerberg‏ @finkd

4 Mar 2009






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







A good day.





45 replies




290 retweets




503 likes








Reply


45







Retweet


290




Retweeted


290








Like


503





Liked


503










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Mark Zuckerberg‏ @finkd

27 Feb 2009






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







This is neat.





39 replies




616 retweets




759 likes








Reply


39







Retweet


616




Retweeted


616








Like


759





Liked


759










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Mark Zuckerberg‏ @finkd

27 Feb 2009






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Playing with TweetDeck. It's pretty neat.





19 replies




251 retweets




423 likes








Reply


19







Retweet


251




Retweeted


251








Like


423





Liked


423










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Mark Zuckerberg‏ @finkd

27 Feb 2009






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







In NY. Fink out.





16 replies




74 retweets




270 likes








Reply


16







Retweet


74




Retweeted


74








Like


270





Liked


270










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Mark Zuckerberg‏ @finkd

13 Feb 2009






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







175 million :)





36 replies




160 retweets




419 likes








Reply


36







Retweet


160




Retweeted


160








Like


419





Liked


419










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Mark Zuckerberg‏ @finkd

12 Feb 2009






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Never thought I'd be on a boat.





44 replies




609 retweets




793 likes








Reply


44







Retweet


609




Retweeted


609








Like


793





Liked


793










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @finkd hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user



































































































Mark Zuckerberg Quotes - BrainyQuote



































 Authors:

A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M


N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z



 | 
Follow Us: 















Please enable Javascript
This site requires Javascript be enabled to provide you the best experience. Some features may not be available with
Javascript disabled!

 















Our goal is not to build a platform; it's to be cross all of them.


Mark Zuckerberg






 
 

 
 
 













Related Authors 


Steve Jobs


Warren Buffett


Henry Ford


Bill Gates


Jim Rohn


Stephen Covey


Les Brown


Peter Drucker




Popular Topics 


Motivational Quotes


Life Quotes


Inspirational Quotes


Friendship Quotes


Love Quotes


Positive Quotes


Funny Quotes


Smile Quotes




More 


Top 10 Mark Zuckerberg Quotes



Find on Amazon:
Mark Zuckerberg

Cite this page


Language
Español
Français

About
About Us

Privacy

Terms





Mark Zuckerberg Quotes

American
-
Businessman

Born: May 14, 1984










































   Loading...






The biggest risk is not taking any risk... In a world that changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks.
Mark Zuckerberg


Risk,
World,
Strategy



















I think a simple rule of business is, if you do the things that are easier first, then you can actually make a lot of progress.
Mark Zuckerberg


Business,
Progress,
Simple
























Our goal is not to build a platform; it's to be cross all of them.
Mark Zuckerberg


Goal,
Build,
Our



















When I started Facebook from my dorm room in 2004, the idea that my roommates and I talked about all the time was a world that was more open.
Mark Zuckerberg


Time,
World,
More



















Facebook is really about communicating and telling stories... We think that people can really help spread awareness of organ donation and that they want to participate in this to their friends. And that can be a big part of helping solve the crisis that's out there.
Mark Zuckerberg


Friends,
Help,
People



















I wear the same outfit or, at least, a different copy of it almost every day.
Mark Zuckerberg


Day,
Every Day,
Copy



















Facebook was not originally created to be a company. It was built to accomplish a social mission - to make the world more open and connected.
Mark Zuckerberg


World,
Mission,
Company



















A frustration I have is that a lot of people increasingly seem to equate an advertising business model with somehow being out of alignment with your customers. I think it's the most ridiculous concept.
Mark Zuckerberg


Business,
Advertising



















No one has done a study on this, as far as I can tell, but I think Facebook might be the first place where a large number of people have come out. We didn't create that - society was generally ready for that. I think this is just part of the general trend that we talked about, about society being more open, and I think that's good.
Mark Zuckerberg


Good,
Society,
People
























I actually do think you're seeing this trend towards organizations just caring more about their brand and engaging. And so I think Home Depot will want to humanize itself. I think that's a lot of why companies are starting blogs, are just giving more insight into what's going on with them.
Mark Zuckerberg


Home,
Caring,
Giving



















Move fast and break things. Unless you are breaking stuff, you are not moving fast enough.
Mark Zuckerberg


Moving,
Fast,
You



















Advertising works most effectively when it's in line with what people are already trying to do. And people are trying to communicate in a certain way on Facebook - they share information with their friends, they learn about what their friends are doing - so there's really a whole new opportunity for a new type of advertising model within that.
Mark Zuckerberg


Opportunity,
Friends,
Trying



















Figuring out what the next big trend is tells us what we should focus on.
Mark Zuckerberg


Focus,
Big,
Trend






















Top 10
Mark Zuckerberg
Quotes





View the list






Back, you know, a few generations ago, people didn't have a way to share information and express their opinions efficiently to a lot of people. But now they do. Right now, with social networks and other tools on the Internet, all of these 500 million people have a way to say what they're thinking and have their voice be heard.
Mark Zuckerberg


Thinking,
Information,
Know



















I feel that the best companies are started not because the founder wanted a company but because the founder wanted to change the world... If you decide you want to found a company, you maybe start to develop your first idea. And hire lots of workers.
Mark Zuckerberg


Change,
Best,
World
























When you give everyone a voice and give people power, the system usually ends up in a really good place. So, what we view our role as, is giving people that power.
Mark Zuckerberg


Good,
Power,
Giving




















By giving people the power to share, we're making the world more transparent.
Mark Zuckerberg


Power,
World,
Giving























There are good examples of companies - Coca-Cola is one - that invested before there was a huge market in countries, and I think that ended up playing out to their benefit for decades to come.
Mark Zuckerberg


Good,
Think,
Up



















The basis of our partnership strategy and our partnership approach: We build the social technology. They provide the music.
Mark Zuckerberg


Music,
Technology,
Strategy



















The question isn't, 'What do we want to know about people?', It's, 'What do people want to tell about themselves?'
Mark Zuckerberg


Know,
People,
Want



















Think about what people are doing on Facebook today. They're keeping up with their friends and family, but they're also building an image and identity for themselves, which in a sense is their brand. They're connecting with the audience that they want to connect to. It's almost a disadvantage if you're not on it now.
Mark Zuckerberg


Family,
Today,
Friends



















The companies that work are the ones that people really care about and have a vision for the world so do something you like.
Mark Zuckerberg


Work,
Vision,
World
























I mean, we've built a lot of products that we think are good, and will help people share photos and share videos and write messages to each other. But it's really all about how people are spreading Facebook around the world in all these different countries. And that's what's so amazing about the scale that it's at today.
Mark Zuckerberg


Today,
Good,
Amazing



















I think that people just have this core desire to express who they are. And I think that's always existed.
Mark Zuckerberg


People,
Think,
Desire



















I do everything on my phone as a lot of people do.
Mark Zuckerberg


People,
Everything,
Phone



















People at Facebook are fairly used to the press being nice to us or not nice to us.
Mark Zuckerberg


People,
Nice,
Facebook


































Share this page: 






























Cite this Page:
Citation







Find on Amazon:
Mark Zuckerberg
















Related Authors



Steve Jobs




Warren Buffett




Henry Ford




Bill Gates




Jim Rohn




Stephen Covey




Les Brown




Peter Drucker


































BrainyQuote Desktop
BrainyQuote Mobile













Site

Home
Authors
Topics
Quote Of The Day
Pictures
Top 100 Quotes
Professions
Birthdays




Social
BQ on Facebook
BQ on Twitter
BQ on Pinterest
BQ on Google+
BQ on Instagram


Shop
BrainyQuote Store




Apps
iPhone/iPad app

Quote Of The Day Feeds
Javascript and RSS feeds
WordPress plugin
Quote of the Day Email




About
About Us
Contact Us
Submit
Privacy
Terms









Copyright © 2001 - 2017 BrainyQuote



Language:
Español | Français













   Loading...


Load more quotes



Is Mark Zuckerberg a product guy? - QuoraThis page may be out of date. Save your draft before refreshing this page.Submit any pending changes before refreshing this page. Hide this message.QuoraSign In Mark Zuckerberg Facebook (company) Startup Founders and EntrepreneursIs Mark Zuckerberg a product guy?UpdateCancelPromoted by ChartioHow quickly can you build your new startup dashboard?Connect all your business data in one place to create beautiful charts & reports in minutes with Chartio.Start Now at chartio.comAnswer Wiki2 Answers  Muhammad Zain Zaheer, Tech Addict ,Islam and History lover :)Answered 51w agoI will not label him only as product guy.In my opinion he is a "Product+Visionary " Guy.He knows his weakness and Try to cover them with best possible solutions.In term of facebook, it was a simple 768 lines of code.Facebook,now we are using is made through time to time.He added each and every possible feature to facebook that made him "product guy"But I have to say he is a productive guy to facebook only.He released many other products but failed.-Poke and Slingshot against Snapchat- Quora Rival Platformare notable mentions.He is a visonary guy who knows "what to do".He sees opportunies and follow them.313 Views · Answer requested by 1 personRelated QuestionsMore Answers BelowIs it stupid for a kid to dream big and beat guys such as Mark Zuckerberg?Who is this guy? Is he Mark Zuckerberg?Why does Mark Zuckerberg have a 99% approval rating from his employees?Alexandre Roche: How does Mark Zuckerberg make product decisions?What is Mark Zuckerberg like as a product person?  Rodrigo Tello, Designer at HopscotchAnswered 51w agoYes, he is.He designed the first version of Facebook. At this day, he still supervises and approves every product decision. That qualifies him as a “product guy”.87 Views · 1 Upvote · Answer requested by 1 personPromoted by CodementorXHow do I hire top developers on a startup budget?Your team deserves a rockstar. Over 3000 top developers are available for hire. Starting from $60/hour.Learn More at hire.codementor.ioView More AnswersRelated QuestionsHow is Mark Zuckerberg so productive?Why didn't Mark Zuckerberg get a more beautiful wife given that the ultra-rich tend to have glamorous wives?Email Productivity: How do Bill Gates, Larry Page, Mark Zuckerberg and Jack Dorsey manage their email?Do Mark Zuckerberg or Facebook employees have a "skeleton key" granting them access to every member's Facebook profile page and information?How good of a programmer is Mark Zuckerberg?Can Facebook fire Mark Zuckerberg?Would you say that Mark Zuckerberg is a good guy or doing good things?Does Mark Zuckerberg smoke weed?Can India produce a Mark Zuckerberg?Why Mark Zuckerberg don't use Google products?Related QuestionsIs it stupid for a kid to dream big and beat guys such as Mark Zuckerberg?Who is this guy? Is he Mark Zuckerberg?Why does Mark Zuckerberg have a 99% approval rating from his employees?Alexandre Roche: How does Mark Zuckerberg make product decisions?What is Mark Zuckerberg like as a product person?How is Mark Zuckerberg so productive?Why didn't Mark Zuckerberg get a more beautiful wife given that the ultra-rich tend to have glamorous wives?Email Productivity: How do Bill Gates, Larry Page, Mark Zuckerberg and Jack Dorsey manage their email?Do Mark Zuckerberg or Facebook employees have a "skeleton key" granting them access to every member's Facebook profile page and information?How good of a programmer is Mark Zuckerberg?Sitemap:#ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZAbout · Careers · Privacy · Terms · Contact


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

























welcome to CONSIDERATE blog: September 2012




































































welcome to CONSIDERATE blog































































































Tuesday, September 25, 2012








mark zukherberg








Mark Zuckerberg my inspirational person







        I learn many things about the key of success from Mark, that I have many ways to get all my dreams come true.                     



        "Simplified
your life." Maybe the clause can motivate my life to be better. When I
am doing something, I will try to maximum my potential. With positive
thinking I am sure that God will help me to do my work.

        Many ways to get success, especially
 from Mark I get one key of success. First at all, I should pay
attention for the things that I like it. Second, we must do it earlier than
others. Next, it is important to be a successful person, I have to be focus in
one goal that I make.             

      After Mark succeeded, he gives pledge for other who need help and  he gives attention for many
people arround him. It inspires me to be a successful person, and I
will do the same like Mark do. I can be an impact for people arround me. 


            





Posted by



considerate




at

8:47 AM





No comments:
    


























Monday, September 17, 2012
















miss this moment............














Posted by



considerate




at

6:09 PM





No comments:
    































inspirational person







Life Lessons from Warren Buffett to Being a More Compassionate Writer








             I learn many things from Warren, 


Lose money and I will forgive you, but lose even a shred of reputation and I will be ruthless.This has been echoed across the business world for years and it applies to us all. Life is too short to cut corners to make an extra buck. Wealth can always be recreated but reputation takes a lifetime to build and often only a moment to destroy. As Warren says, “we will not trade reputation for money.” In the world of blogging, I am writing because I love it. It’s not for the money. This makes reputation more important than anything. Remember this when you are contemplating rushing to monetize your site by filling it with ads, links, etc.


          Go to bed a little wiser than when you woke up. This is the crux of the whole meeting. Life is about learning. If you are always learning you can never lose. Keep this as your only rule for the day and the world will be yours for the taking. Next, I celebrate wealth only when it’s been fairly won and wisely used. The goal is not to make money at all costs. It’s easy to forget that in a lot of industries and sub-cultures around the world where everyone is in constant competition. And this can especially be the case when so many of us spend hours upon hours writing and developing our web services for free. Do not rush it and do not get greedy. Help others and the fruit will be there. Wealth is worthless if you’ve destroyed all your relationships to attain it. Take the high road. It’s far less crowded. A bit sad but often true. Makes it pretty easy to stand out.





                If you are modest and disciplined , you will surely like the principles of Buffett, because he himself is known for that 

modesty. That why he still lives in a home he bought back in 1950s. He is a man who inspired me, when he stunned the world by announcing that he would give his fortune $31 billion to Bill & Melinda gates foundation to help the poorest people in the world.








Posted by



considerate




at

3:51 AM





No comments:
    


























Thursday, September 6, 2012








my business








 NEED GARSKIN for your BLACKBERRY?



Only IDR 35.000 | include WALLPAPER | material: vinyl print doff 



MORE INFO?

CONTACT NOW!!

0898 7465 834 or pin: 28A4632B



RESELLER WELCOME 



for serious only!

thank you GBU ^ ^





Posted by



considerate




at

10:19 AM





No comments:
    




























Newer Posts

Home




Subscribe to:
Posts (Atom)
















News from My Blog
















About Me





considerate


hi there. welcome to my blog :D

View my complete profile











Blog Archive








        ► 
      



2013

(1)





        ► 
      



January

(1)









        ▼ 
      



2012

(7)





        ► 
      



November

(2)







        ► 
      



October

(1)







        ▼ 
      



September

(4)

mark zukherberg


miss this moment............



inspirational person
my business


















ONLINE SHOP

Image by Cool Text: Logo and Button Generator - Create Your Own Logo

































Popular Posts









mark zukherberg
   Mark Zuckerberg my inspirational person                  I learn many things about the key of success from Mark, that I have many ways to...










teaching :D
    Teaching Not Just A Teach           I am so happy when I visited Kalam Kudus elementary school. I got something to learn from there. Fir...










First single "LIFE BAND" 
  LIFE band- Yesus Permata hatiku - cipt.  Tanty Considerate , ini latihan pertama sama temen2 gereja.. kritik dan saran nya ditunggu :D GBU...










HW 2
                           Everyday's Hero                    Resi, she is my employee who has passion become a hardworker person that m...










(no title)
     miss this moment............          










(no title)
  Mr.Anton   Influences Me            Last week, I got an opportunity to interview Mr. Anton. He is my dad.  I learn something from his life...










inspirational person
  Life Lessons from Warren Buffett to Being a More Compassionate Writer                       I learn many things from Warren,     Lose mone...










my business
     NEED GARSKIN for your BLACKBERRY?     Only IDR 35.000 | include WALLPAPER | material: vinyl print doff      MORE INFO?   CONTACT NOW!! ...




















Followers

















































Is Facebook the only product Mark Zuckerberg has developed or are there other 'products' owned by him or the company? - QuoraThis page may be out of date. Save your draft before refreshing this page.Submit any pending changes before refreshing this page. Hide this message.QuoraSign In Market Share Mark Zuckerberg Marketing Strategy Marketing on Facebook Product Management Business Strategy Marketing Facebook (product) InvestingIs Facebook the only product Mark Zuckerberg has developed or are there other 'products' owned by him or the company?If the answer is no. Do you think Facebook should start investing in another products a well?UpdateCancelPromoted by HeapHeap is like Google Analytics, but it's made for SaaS apps.Heap automatically tracks every action (e.g. click, swipe, pageview) users take in your web app.Learn More at heapanalytics.comAnswer Wiki1 Answer  Amarjeet SinghAnswered 100w agoActually Facebook owns a pretty decent amount of services, and some of them are extremely popular these days among smartphone users.Facebook owns and operates each of the companies listed below, in accordance with their respective terms of service and privacy policies. FacebooksPayments Inc. (https://www.facebook.com/payment...)Atlas (http://atlassolutions.com/privac...)Instagram LLC (http://instagram.com/about/legal...)Mobile Technologies Inc. (http://jibbigo.com/privacy.html)Onavo (http://www.onavo.com/privacy_policy)Parse (https://parse.com/about/privacy)Moves (http://moves-app.com/privacy)Oculus (http://www.oculus.com/privacy/)LiveRail (http://www.liverail.com/privacy-...)WhatsApp Inc. (http://www.whatsapp.com/legal/#P...)So, here you have it.978 Views · 1 UpvoteView More AnswersRelated QuestionsHow did Mark Zuckerberg manage to own 25% of Facebook?What will it take to get Mark Zuckerberg to leave Facebook and work for your company?Email Productivity: How do Bill Gates, Larry Page, Mark Zuckerberg and Jack Dorsey manage their email?Is it still possible for Mark Zuckerberg to get kicked out of his own company?How did Mark Zuckerberg start Facebook with 5 cofounders and raise so much money in so many rounds yet still own so much equity in his company...Does Mark Zuckerberg have his own plane?What's it like to work for Mark Zuckerberg as a product person?What is Mark Zuckerberg like as a product person?How did Mark Zuckerberg get the funding he needed to start up his company: Facebook?Is it worth to subscribe for paid share market tips? Has anyone benefited from it?Does Mark Zuckerberg still own Facebook or is he just a share holder?Does Mark Zuckerberg's mother use Facebook?Does Mark Zuckerberg operate his own Facebook account?What is the cheapest way to get 1% of Apple share?Facebook (company): What does Mark Zuckerberg's daily work consist of?Related QuestionsHow did Mark Zuckerberg manage to own 25% of Facebook?What will it take to get Mark Zuckerberg to leave Facebook and work for your company?Email Productivity: How do Bill Gates, Larry Page, Mark Zuckerberg and Jack Dorsey manage their email?Is it still possible for Mark Zuckerberg to get kicked out of his own company?How did Mark Zuckerberg start Facebook with 5 cofounders and raise so much money in so many rounds yet still own so much equity in his company...Does Mark Zuckerberg have his own plane?What's it like to work for Mark Zuckerberg as a product person?What is Mark Zuckerberg like as a product person?How did Mark Zuckerberg get the funding he needed to start up his company: Facebook?Is it worth to subscribe for paid share market tips? Has anyone benefited from it?Sitemap:#ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZAbout · Careers · Privacy · Terms · Contact


Mark Zuckerberg - Wikipedia




















 







Mark Zuckerberg

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Zuckerberg" redirects here. For other people with the surname, see Zuckerberg (name).


Mark Zuckerberg



Zuckerberg in 2014



Born
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg
(1984-05-14) May 14, 1984 (age 33)[1]
White Plains, New York, U.S.


Residence
Palo Alto, California, U.S.


Occupation
Computer programmer, Internet entrepreneur


Years active
2004–present


Known for
Co-founder of Facebook


Home town
Dobbs Ferry, New York, U.S.


Salary
One-dollar salary[2]


Net worth
US$63.7 billion (June 2017)[3]


Title
Chairman and CEO of Facebook


Spouse(s)
Priscilla Chan (m. 2012)


Children
1


Relatives
Randi Zuckerberg (sister)


Website
facebook.com/zuck


Signature





Mark Elliot Zuckerberg (born May 14, 1984) is an American computer programmer and Internet entrepreneur. He is a co-founder of Facebook, and currently operates as its chairman and chief executive officer.[4][5] His net worth is estimated to be US$63.3 billion as of May 2017, and he is ranked by Forbes as the fifth richest person in the world.[6][7]
Zuckerberg launched Facebook from his Harvard University dormitory room on February 4, 2004. He was assisted by his college roommates and fellow Harvard students Eduardo Saverin, Andrew McCollum, Dustin Moskovitz, and Chris Hughes.[8] The group then introduced Facebook to other college campuses. Facebook expanded rapidly, reaching one billion users by 2012. Meanwhile, Zuckerberg was involved in various legal disputes brought by others in the group, who claimed a share of the company based upon their involvement during the development phase of Facebook.
In December 2012, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan announced that over the course of their lives they would give the majority of their wealth to "advancing human potential and promoting equality" in the spirit of The Giving Pledge.[9] On December 1, 2015, they announced they would eventually give 99 percent of their Facebook shares (worth about US$45 billion at the time) to the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative.[10][11]
Since 2010, Time magazine has named Zuckerberg among the 100 wealthiest and most influential people in the world as a part of its Person of the Year award.[12][13][14] In December 2016, Zuckerberg was ranked 10th on Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[15]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Software developer

2.1 Early years
2.2 College years


3 Career

3.1 Facebook
3.2 Wirehog
3.3 Platform, Beacon, and Connect
3.4 Internet.org
3.5 Legal controversies

3.5.1 ConnectU lawsuits
3.5.2 Saverin lawsuit
3.5.3 Pakistan criminal investigation
3.5.4 Paul Ceglia
3.5.5 Palestinian terror attacks
3.5.6 Hawaiian land ownership




4 Depictions in media

4.1 The Social Network

4.1.1 Disputed accuracy


4.2 Other depictions


5 Philanthropy
6 Politics
7 Personal life
8 See also
9 References
10 External links



Early life

External video




 Mark Zuckerberg's career in 90 seconds, The Daily Telegraph[16]


Zuckerberg was born in 1984 in White Plains, New York.[17] He is the son of Karen (née Kempner), a psychiatrist, and Edward Zuckerberg, a dentist.[18] His ancestors came from Germany, Austria and Poland.[19] He and his three sisters, Randi, Donna, and Arielle, were brought up in Dobbs Ferry, New York, a small Westchester County village about 21 miles north of Midtown Manhattan.[20] Zuckerberg was raised Jewish and had his Bar Mitzvah when he turned 13.[21]
At Ardsley High School, Zuckerberg excelled in classes. He transferred to the exclusive private school Phillips Exeter Academy, in New Hampshire, in his junior year, where he won prizes in science (math, astronomy, and physics) and classical studies. In his youth, he also attended the Johns Hopkins Center for Talented Youth summer camp. On his college application, Zuckerberg claimed that he could read and write French, Hebrew, Latin, and ancient Greek. He was captain of the fencing team.[22][23][24]
Software developer
Early years
Zuckerberg began using computers and writing software in middle school. His father taught him Atari BASIC Programming in the 1990s, and later hired software developer David Newman to tutor him privately. Newman calls him a "prodigy", adding that it was "tough to stay ahead of him". Zuckerberg took a graduate course in the subject at Mercy College near his home while still in high school. He enjoyed developing computer programs, especially communication tools and games. In one program, since his father's dental practice was operated from their home, he built a software program he called "ZuckNet" that allowed all the computers between the house and dental office to communicate with each other. It is considered a "primitive" version of AOL's Instant Messenger, which came out the following year.[25][26]
According to writer Jose Antonio Vargas, "some kids played computer games. Mark created them." Zuckerberg himself recalls this period: "I had a bunch of friends who were artists. They'd come over, draw stuff, and I'd build a game out of it." However, notes Vargas, Zuckerberg was not a typical "geek-klutz", as he later became captain of his prep school fencing team and earned a classics diploma. Napster co-founder Sean Parker, a close friend, notes that Zuckerberg was "really into Greek odysseys and all that stuff", recalling how he once quoted lines from the Roman epic poem Aeneid, by Virgil, during a Facebook product conference.[20]
During Zuckerberg's high school years, he worked under the company name Intelligent Media Group to build a music player called the Synapse Media Player. The device used machine learning to learn the user's listening habits, which was posted to Slashdot[27] and received a rating of 3 out of 5 from PC Magazine.[28]
College years
Vargas noted that by the time Zuckerberg began classes at Harvard, he had already achieved a "reputation as a programming prodigy". He studied psychology and computer science and belonged to Alpha Epsilon Pi and Kirkland House.[12][20][29] In his sophomore year, he wrote a program that he called CourseMatch, which allowed users to make class selection decisions based on the choices of other students and also to help them form study groups. A short time later, he created a different program he initially called Facemash that let students select the best looking person from a choice of photos. According to Arie Hasit, Zuckerberg's roommate at the time, "he built the site for fun". Hasit explains:

We had books called Face Books, which included the names and pictures of everyone who lived in the student dorms. At first, he built a site and placed two pictures, or pictures of two males and two females. Visitors to the site had to choose who was "hotter" and according to the votes there would be a ranking.[30]

The site went up over a weekend, but by Monday morning, the college shut it down, because its popularity had overwhelmed one of Harvard's network switches and prevented students from accessing the Internet. In addition, many students complained that their photos were being used without permission. Zuckerberg apologized publicly, and the student paper ran articles stating that his site was "completely improper."[30]
The following semester, in January 2004, Zuckerberg began writing code for a new Web site.[31] On February 4, 2004, Zuckerberg launched "Thefacebook", originally located at thefacebook.com.[32]
Six days after the site launched, three Harvard seniors, Cameron Winklevoss, Tyler Winklevoss, and Divya Narendra, accused Zuckerberg of intentionally misleading them into believing he would help them build a social network called HarvardConnection.com, while he was instead using their ideas to build a competing product.[33] The three complained to The Harvard Crimson, and the newspaper began an investigation in response.[citation needed]
Following the official launch of the Facebook social media platform, the three filed a lawsuit against Zuckerberg that resulted in a settlement.[34] The agreed settlement was for 1.2 million Facebook shares that were worth US$300 million at Facebook's IPO.[35]
Zuckerberg dropped out of Harvard in his sophomore year to complete his project.[36] In January 2014, he recalled:

I remember really vividly, you know, having pizza with my friends a day or two after—I opened up the first version of Facebook at the time I thought, "You know, someone needs to build a service like this for the world." But I just never thought that we'd be the ones to help do it. And I think a lot of what it comes down to is we just cared more.[37]

Zuckerberg later received an honorary degree from Harvard on 28 May 2017.[38][39]
Career




Zuckerberg listening to President Barack Obama before a private meeting where Obama dined with technology business leaders in Woodside, California, February 17, 2011.


Facebook
Main articles: Facebook and History of Facebook
On February 4, 2004, Zuckerberg launched Facebook from his Harvard dormitory room.[40][41] An earlier inspiration for Facebook may have come from Phillips Exeter Academy, the prep school from which Zuckerberg graduated in 2002. It published its own student directory, "The Photo Address Book", which students referred to as "The Facebook". Such photo directories were an important part of the student social experience at many private schools. With them, students were able to list attributes such as their class years, their friends, and their telephone numbers.[40]
Once at college, Zuckerberg's Facebook started off as just a "Harvard thing" until Zuckerberg decided to spread it to other schools, enlisting the help of roommate Dustin Moskovitz. They began with Columbia University, New York University, Stanford, Dartmouth, Cornell, University of Pennsylvania, Brown, and Yale.[42] Samyr Laine, a triple jumper representing Haiti at the 2012 Summer Olympics, shared a room with Zuckerberg during Facebook's founding. "Mark was clearly on to great things," said Laine, who was Facebook's fourteenth user.[43]
Zuckerberg, Moskovitz and some friends moved to Palo Alto, California in Silicon Valley where they leased a small house that served as an office. Over the summer, Zuckerberg met Peter Thiel, who invested in the company. They got their first office in mid-2004. According to Zuckerberg, the group planned to return to Harvard, but eventually decided to remain in California.[44][45] They had already turned down offers by major corporations to buy the company. In an interview in 2007, Zuckerberg explained his reasoning: "It's not because of the amount of money. For me and my colleagues, the most important thing is that we create an open information flow for people. Having media corporations owned by conglomerates is just not an attractive idea to me."[41]
He restated these goals to Wired magazine in 2010: "The thing I really care about is the mission, making the world open."[46] Earlier, in April 2009, Zuckerberg sought the advice of former Netscape CFO Peter Currie about financing strategies for Facebook.[47] On July 21, 2010, Zuckerberg reported that the company reached the 500 million-user mark.[48] When asked whether Facebook could earn more income from advertising as a result of its phenomenal growth, he explained:

I guess we could ... If you look at how much of our page is taken up with ads compared to the average search query. The average for us is a little less than 10 percent of the pages and the average for search is about 20 percent taken up with ads ... That's the simplest thing we could do. But we aren't like that. We make enough money. Right, I mean, we are keeping things running; we are growing at the rate we want to.[46]

In 2010, Steven Levy, who wrote the 1984 book Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution, wrote that Zuckerberg "clearly thinks of himself as a hacker". Zuckerberg said that "it's OK to break things" "to make them better".[49][50] Facebook instituted "hackathons" held every six to eight weeks where participants would have one night to conceive of and complete a project.[49] The company provided music, food, and beer at the hackathons, and many Facebook staff members, including Zuckerberg, regularly attended.[50] "The idea is that you can build something really good in a night", Zuckerberg told Levy. "And that's part of the personality of Facebook now ... It's definitely very core to my personality."[49]
Vanity Fair magazine named Zuckerberg number 1 on its 2010 list of the Top 100 "most influential people of the Information Age".[51] Zuckerberg ranked number 23 on the Vanity Fair 100 list in 2009.[52] In 2010, Zuckerberg was chosen as number 16 in New Statesman's annual survey of the world's 50 most influential figures.[53]
In a 2011 interview with PBS shortly after the death of Steve Jobs, Zuckerberg said that Jobs had advised him on how to create a management team at Facebook that was "focused on building as high quality and good things as you are".[54]
On October 1, 2012, Zuckerberg visited Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev in Moscow to stimulate social media innovation in Russia and to boost Facebook's position in the Russian market.[55] Russia's communications minister tweeted that Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev urged the social media giant's founder to abandon plans to lure away Russian programmers and instead consider opening a research center in Moscow. In 2012, Facebook had roughly 9 million users in Russia, while domestic clone VK had around 34 million.[56] Rebecca Van Dyck, Facebook's head of consumer marketing, claimed that 85 million American Facebook users were exposed to the first day of the Home promotional campaign on April 6, 2013.[57]
On August 19, 2013, The Washington Post reported that Zuckerberg's Facebook profile was hacked by an unemployed web developer.[58]
At the 2013 TechCrunch Disrupt conference, held in September, Zuckerberg stated that he is working towards registering the 5 billion humans who were not connected to the Internet as of the conference on Facebook. Zuckerberg then explained that this is intertwined with the aim of the Internet.org project, whereby Facebook, with the support of other technology companies, seeks to increase the number of people connected to the internet.[59][60]
Zuckerberg was the keynote speaker at the 2014 Mobile World Congress (MWC), held in Barcelona, Spain, in March 2014, which was attended by 75,000 delegates. Various media sources highlighted the connection between Facebook's focus on mobile technology and Zuckerberg's speech, claiming that mobile represents the future of the company.[61] Zuckerberg's speech expands upon the goal that he raised at the TechCrunch conference in September 2013, whereby he is working towards expanding Internet coverage into developing countries.[62]
Alongside other American technology figures like Jeff Bezos and Tim Cook, Zuckerberg hosted visiting Chinese politician Lu Wei, known as the "Internet czar" for his influence in the enforcement of China's online policy, at Facebook's headquarters on December 8, 2014. The meeting occurred after Zuckerberg participated in a Q&A session at Tsinghua University in Beijing, China, on October 23, 2014, where he attempted to converse in Mandarin Chinese; although Facebook is banned in China, Zuckerberg is highly regarded among the people and was at the university to help fuel the nation's burgeoning entrepreneur sector.[63]
Zuckerberg fielded questions during a live Q&A session at the company's headquarters in Menlo Park on December 11, 2014. The founder and CEO explained that he does not believe Facebook is a waste of time, because it facilitates social engagement, and participating in a public session was so that he could "learn how to better serve the community".[64][65]
Zuckerberg receives a one-dollar salary as CEO of Facebook.[2] On December 3, 2016, Forbes reported Facebook shares had declined 7% since November 8, 2016, reducing Zuckerberg's net worth by $3.7 billion.[66] In June 2016, Business Insider named Zuckerberg one of the "Top 10 Business Visionaries Creating Value for the World" along with Elon Musk and Sal Khan, due to the fact that he and his wife "pledged to give away 99% of their wealth — which is estimated at over $52.1 billion."[67]
Wirehog
Main article: Wirehog
A month after Zuckerberg launched Facebook in February 2004, i2hub, another campus-only service, created by Wayne Chang, was launched. i2hub focused on peer-to-peer file sharing. At the time, both i2hub and Facebook were gaining the attention of the press and growing rapidly in users and publicity. In August 2004, Zuckerberg, Andrew McCollum, Adam D'Angelo, and Sean Parker launched a competing peer-to-peer file sharing service called Wirehog, a precursor to Facebook Platform applications.[68][69]
Platform, Beacon, and Connect




Zuckerberg at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland (January 2009).


On May 24, 2007, Zuckerberg announced Facebook Platform, a development platform for programmers to create social applications within Facebook. Within weeks, many applications had been built and some already had millions of users. It grew to more than 800,000 developers around the world building applications for Facebook Platform.[70]
On November 6, 2007, Zuckerberg announced Beacon, a social advertising system that enabled people to share information with their Facebook friends based on their browsing activities on other sites. For example, eBay sellers could let friends know automatically what they have for sale via the Facebook news feed as they listed items for sale. The program came under scrutiny because of privacy concerns from groups and individual users. Zuckerberg and Facebook failed to respond to the concerns quickly, and on December 5, 2007, Zuckerberg wrote a blog post on Facebook,[71] taking responsibility for the concerns about Beacon and offering an easier way for users to opt out of the service.
In 2007, Zuckerberg was added to MIT Technology Review's TR35 list as one of the top 35 innovators in the world under the age of 35.[72] On July 23, 2008, Zuckerberg announced Facebook Connect, a version of Facebook Platform for users.[citation needed]
Internet.org
In a public Facebook post, Zuckerberg launched the Internet.org project in late August 2013. Zuckerberg explained that the primary aim of the initiative is to provide Internet access to the 5 billion people who are not connected as of the launch date. Using a three-tier strategy, Internet.org will also create new jobs and open up new markets, according to Zuckerberg. He stated in his post:

The world economy is going through a massive transition right now. The knowledge economy is the future. By bringing everyone online, we'll not only improve billions of lives, but we'll also improve our own as we benefit from the ideas and productivity they contribute to the world. Giving everyone the opportunity to connect is the foundation for enabling the knowledge economy. It is not the only thing we need to do, but it's a fundamental and necessary step.[60]

To stay proven on the efforts of bringing in the concept of net neutrality, Mark Zuckerberg met Narendra Modi, Satya Nadella and Sundar Pichai at the Silicon Valley, to discuss on how to effectively establish affordable internet access to the less developed countries.[73] As a token of initiation, Mark Zuckerberg changed his Facebook profile picture to extend his support to the Digital India to help the rural communities to stay connected to the internet.[74]
Legal controversies
Main article: Criticism of Facebook
ConnectU lawsuits
Main article: ConnectU
Harvard students Cameron Winklevoss, Tyler Winklevoss, and Divya Narendra accused Zuckerberg of intentionally making them believe he would help them build a social network called HarvardConnection.com (later called ConnectU).[75] They filed a lawsuit in 2004, but it was dismissed on a technicality on March 28, 2007. It was refiled soon thereafter in federal court in Boston. Facebook countersued in regards to Social Butterfly, a project put out by The Winklevoss Chang Group, an alleged partnership between ConnectU and i2hub. On June 25, 2008, the case settled and Facebook agreed to transfer over 1.2 million common shares and pay $20 million in cash.[76]
In November 2007, confidential court documents were posted on the website of 02138, a magazine that catered to Harvard alumni. They included Zuckerberg's Social Security number, his parents' home address, and his girlfriend's address. Facebook filed to have the documents removed, but the judge ruled in favor of 02138.[77]
Saverin lawsuit
A lawsuit filed by Eduardo Saverin against Facebook and Zuckerberg was settled out of court. Though terms of the settlement were sealed, the company affirmed Saverin's title as co-founder of Facebook. Saverin signed a non-disclosure contract after the settlement.[78]
Pakistan criminal investigation
In June 2010, Pakistani Deputy Attorney General Muhammad Azhar Sidiqque launched a criminal investigation into Zuckerberg and Facebook co-founders Dustin Moskovitz and Chris Hughes after a "Draw Muhammad" contest was hosted on Facebook. The investigation named the anonymous German woman who created the contest. Sidiqque asked the country's police to contact Interpol to have Zuckerberg and the three others arrested for blasphemy. On May 19, 2010, Facebook's website was temporarily blocked in Pakistan until Facebook removed the contest from its website at the end of May. Sidiqque also asked its UN representative to raise the issue with the United Nations General Assembly.[79][80]
Paul Ceglia
Main article: Paul Ceglia
In June 2010, Paul Ceglia, the owner of a wood pellet fuel company in Allegany County, upstate New York, filed suit against Zuckerberg, claiming 84 percent ownership of Facebook and seeking monetary damages. According to Ceglia, he and Zuckerberg signed a contract on April 28, 2003, that an initial fee of $1,000 entitled Ceglia to 50% of the website's revenue, as well as an additional 1% interest in the business per day after January 1, 2004, until website completion. Zuckerberg was developing other projects at the time, among which was Facemash, the predecessor of Facebook, but did not register the domain name thefacebook.com until January 1, 2004. Facebook management dismissed the lawsuit as "completely frivolous". Facebook spokesman Barry Schnitt told a reporter that Ceglia's counsel had unsuccessfully sought an out-of-court settlement.[81][82]
On October 26, 2012, federal authorities arrested Ceglia, charging him with mail and wire fraud and of "tampering with, destroying and fabricating evidence in a scheme to defraud the Facebook founder of billions of dollars." Ceglia is accused of fabricating emails to make it appear that he and Zuckerberg discussed details about an early version of Facebook, although after examining their emails, investigators found there was no mention of Facebook in them.[83] Some law firms withdrew from the case before it was initiated and others after Ceglia's arrest.[84][85]
Palestinian terror attacks
On July 2, 2016, Israeli cabinet minister Gilad Erdan accused Zuckerberg of having some responsibility for deadly attacks by Palestinians against Israelis.[86] According to him, the social network was not doing enough to ban posts to its platform that incite violence against Israelis.[87] "Some of the victims' blood is on Zuckerberg's hands", Erdan said.[88]
Hawaiian land ownership
In January 2017, Zuckerberg filed eight "quiet title and partition" lawsuits against hundreds of native Hawaiians to get them to sell their land to him. This land is contained within the 700 acres of land in the Hawaiian island of Kauai that Zuckerberg had purchased in 2014. When he learned that Hawaiian land ownership law differs from that of the other 49 states, he dropped the lawsuits.[89][90]
Depictions in media
The Social Network
Main article: The Social Network
A movie based on Zuckerberg and the founding years of Facebook, The Social Network was released on October 1, 2010, and stars Jesse Eisenberg as Zuckerberg. After Zuckerberg was told about the film, he responded, "I just wished that nobody made a movie of me while I was still alive."[91] Also, after the film's script was leaked on the Internet and it was apparent that the film would not portray Zuckerberg in a wholly positive light, he stated that he wanted to establish himself as a "good guy".[92] The film is based on the book The Accidental Billionaires by Ben Mezrich, which the book's publicist once described as "big juicy fun" rather than "reportage".[93] The film's screenwriter Aaron Sorkin told New York magazine, "I don't want my fidelity to be the truth; I want it to be storytelling", adding, "What is the big deal about accuracy purely for accuracy's sake, and can we not have the true be the enemy of the good?"[94]
Upon winning the Golden Globe Award for Best Picture on January 16, 2011, producer Scott Rudin thanked Facebook and Zuckerberg "for his willingness to allow us to use his life and work as a metaphor through which to tell a story about communication and the way we relate to each other.”[95] Sorkin, who won for Best Screenplay, retracted some of the impressions given in his script:[96]

"I wanted to say to Mark Zuckerberg tonight, if you're watching, Rooney Mara's character makes a prediction at the beginning of the movie. She was wrong. You turned out to be a great entrepreneur, a visionary, and an incredible altruist."

On January 29, 2011, Zuckerberg made a surprise guest appearance on Saturday Night Live, which was being hosted by Jesse Eisenberg. They both said it was the first time they ever met.[97] Eisenberg asked Zuckerberg, who had been critical of his portrayal by the film, what he thought of the movie. Zuckerberg replied, "It was interesting."[98] In a subsequent interview about their meeting, Eisenberg explains that he was "nervous to meet him, because I had spent now, a year and a half thinking about him ..." He adds, "Mark has been so gracious about something that’s really so uncomfortable ... The fact that he would do SNL and make fun of the situation is so sweet and so generous. It’s the best possible way to handle something that, I think, could otherwise be very uncomfortable."[99][100]
Disputed accuracy
Jeff Jarvis, author of the book Public Parts, interviewed Zuckerberg and believes Sorkin made up too much of the story. He states, "That's what the internet is accused of doing, making stuff up, not caring about the facts."[101]
According to David Kirkpatrick, former technology editor at Fortune magazine and author of The Facebook Effect:The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World, (2011),[102] "the film is only "40% true ... he is not snide and sarcastic in a cruel way, the way Zuckerberg is played in the movie." He says that "a lot of the factual incidents are accurate, but many are distorted and the overall impression is false", and concludes that primarily "his motivations were to try and come up with a new way to share information on the Internet".[101]
Although the film portrays Zuckerberg's creation of Facebook in order to elevate his stature after not getting into any of the elite final clubs at Harvard, Zuckerberg said he had no interest in joining the clubs.[20] Kirkpatrick agrees that the impression implied by the film is "false". Karel Baloun, a former senior engineer at Facebook, notes that the "image of Zuckerberg as a socially inept nerd is overstated ... It is fiction ..." He likewise dismisses the film's assertion that he "would deliberately betray a friend".[101]
Other depictions
Zuckerberg voiced himself on an episode of The Simpsons titled "Loan-a Lisa", which first aired on October 3, 2010. In the episode, Lisa Simpson and her friend Nelson encounter Zuckerberg at an entrepreneurs' convention. Zuckerberg tells Lisa that she does not need to graduate from college to be wildly successful, referencing Bill Gates and Richard Branson as examples.[103]
On October 9, 2010, Saturday Night Live lampooned Zuckerberg and Facebook.[104] Andy Samberg played Zuckerberg. The real Zuckerberg was reported to have been amused: "I thought this was funny."[105]
Stephen Colbert awarded a "Medal of Fear" to Zuckerberg at the Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear on October 30, 2010, "because he values his privacy much more than he values yours".[106]
Zuckerberg appears in the climax of the documentary film Terms and Conditions May Apply.[107][108][109]
Philanthropy
See also: Chan Zuckerberg Initiative




Chan and Zuckerberg in Prague (2013)


Zuckerberg donated an undisclosed amount to Diaspora, an open-source personal Web server that implements a distributed social networking service. He called it a "cool idea".[46]
Zuckerberg founded the Start-up: Education foundation.[110][111] On September 22, 2010, it was reported that Zuckerberg had donated $100 million to Newark Public Schools, the public school system of Newark, New Jersey.[112][113] Critics noted the timing of the donation as being close to the release of The Social Network, which painted a somewhat negative portrait of Zuckerberg.[114] Zuckerberg responded to the criticism, saying, "The thing that I was most sensitive about with the movie timing was, I didn't want the press about The Social Network movie to get conflated with the Newark project. I was thinking about doing this anonymously just so that the two things could be kept separate."[115] Newark Mayor Cory Booker stated that he and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie had to convince Zuckerberg's team not to make the donation anonymously.[115] The money was largely wasted, according to journalist Dale Russakoff.[116][117]
On December 9, 2010, Zuckerberg, Bill Gates, and investor Warren Buffett signed "The Giving Pledge", in which they promised to donate to charity at least half of their wealth over the course of time, and invited others among the wealthy to donate 50 percent or more of their wealth to charity.[118]
On December 19, 2013, Zuckerberg announced a donation of 18 million Facebook shares to the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, to be executed by the end of the month—based on Facebook's valuation as of then, the shares totaled $990 million in value. On December 31, 2013, the donation was recognized as the largest charitable gift on public record for 2013.[119] The Chronicle of Philanthropy placed Zuckerberg and his wife at the top of the magazine's annual list of 50 most generous Americans for 2013, having donated roughly $1 billion to charity.[120]
In October 2014, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan donated US$25 million to combat the Ebola virus disease, specifically the West African Ebola virus epidemic.[121][122]
On December 1, 2015, Zuckerberg and Chan announced the birth of their daughter Max, and in an open letter to Max, they pledged to donate 99 percent of their Facebook shares, then valued at US$45 billion, to the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, their new organization that will focus on health and education. The donation will not be given immediately, but over the course of their lives.[123][124] However, instead of forming a charitable corporation to donate the value of the stock to, as Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, Larry Page, Sergey Brin and other tech billionaires have done, Zuckerberg and Chan chose to use the structure of a limited liability company. This has drawn criticism from a number of journalists.[125][126][127][128] Chan and Zuckerberg also signed The Giving Pledge.[129]
Politics
In 2002, Zuckerberg registered to vote in Westchester County, New York, where he grew up, but did not cast a ballot until November 2008. Santa Clara County Registrar of Voters Spokeswoman, Elma Rosas, told Bloomberg that Zuckerberg is listed as "no preference" on voter rolls, and he voted in the past two general elections, in 2008 and 2012.[130][131]
Zuckerberg has never revealed his own political views: some consider him a conservative,[132][133] while others consider him liberal.[134]
On February 13, 2013, Zuckerberg hosted his first ever fundraising event for New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. Zuckerberg's particular interest on this occasion was education reform, and Christie's education reform work focused on teachers unions and the expansion of charter schools.[135][136] Later that year, Zuckerberg hosted a campaign fundraiser for Newark mayor Cory Booker, who was running in the 2013 New Jersey special Senate election.[137] In September 2010, with the support of Governor Chris Christie, Booker obtained a US$100 million pledge from Zuckerberg to Newark Public Schools.[138] In December 2012, Zuckerberg donated 18 million shares to the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, a community organization that includes education in its list of grant-making areas.[139][140]
On April 11, 2013, Zuckerberg led the launch of a 501(c)(4) lobbying group called FWD.us. The founders and contributors to the group were primarily Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and investors, and its president was Joe Green, a close friend of Zuckerberg.[141][142][143][144] The goals of the group include immigration reform, improving the state of education in the United States, and enabling more technological breakthroughs that benefit the public,[145][146] yet it has also been criticized for financing ads advocating a variety of oil and gas development initiatives, including drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and the Keystone XL pipeline.[147] In 2013, numerous liberal and progressive groups, such as The League of Conservation Voters, MoveOn.org, the Sierra Club, Democracy for America, CREDO, Daily Kos, 350.org, and Presente and Progressives United agreed to either pull their Facebook ad buys or not buy Facebook ads for at least two weeks, in protest of Zuckerberg ads funded by FWD.us that were in support of oil drilling and the Keystone XL pipeline, and in opposition to Obamacare among Republican United States senators who back immigration reform.[clarification needed][148]
A media report on June 20, 2013 revealed that Zuckerberg actively engaged with Facebook users on his own profile page after the online publication of a FWD.us video. In response to a claim that the FWD.us organization is "just about tech wanting to hire more people", the Internet entrepreneur replied: "The bigger problem we’re trying to address is ensuring the 11 million undocumented folks living in this country now and similar folks in the future are treated fairly."[149]
In June 2013, Zuckerberg joined Facebook employees in a company float as part of the annual San Francisco Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Pride Celebration. The company first participated in the event in 2011, with 70 employees, and this number increased to 700 for the 2013 march. The 2013 pride celebration was especially significant, as it followed a U.S. Supreme Court ruling that deemed the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) unconstitutional.[150][151]
When questioned about the mid-2013 PRISM scandal at the TechCrunch Disrupt conference in September 2013, Zuckerberg stated that the U.S. government "blew it." He further explained that the government performed poorly in regard to the protection of the freedoms of its citizens, the economy, and companies.[59]
Zuckerberg placed a statement on his Facebook wall on December 9, 2015 which said that he wants "to add my voice in support of Muslims in our community and around the world" in response to the aftermath of the November 2015 Paris attacks and the 2015 San Bernardino attack.[152][153][154][155] The statement also said that Muslims are "always welcome" on Facebook, and that his position was a result of the fact that "as a Jew, my parents taught me that we must stand up against attacks on all communities."[156][157]
On February 24, 2016, Zuckerberg sent out a company-wide internal memo to employees formally rebuking employees who had crossed out handwritten "Black Lives Matter" phrases on the company walls and had written "All Lives Matter" in their place. Facebook allows employees to free-write thoughts and phrases on company walls. The memo was then leaked by several employees. As Zuckerberg had previously condemned this practice at previous company meetings, and other similar requests had been issued by other leaders at Facebook, Zuckerberg wrote in the memo that he would now consider this overwriting practice not only disrespectful, but "malicious as well." According to Zuckerberg's memo, "Black Lives Matter doesn't mean other lives don't -- it's simply asking that the black community also achieves the justice they deserve." The memo also noted that the act of crossing something out in itself, "means silencing speech, or that one person's speech is more important than another's." Zuckerberg also said in the memo that he would be launching investigations into the incidents.[158][159][160] The New York Daily News interviewed Facebook employees who commented anonymously that, "Zuckerberg was genuinely angry about the incident and it really encouraged staff that Zuckerberg showed a clear understanding of why the phrase 'Black Lives Matter' must exist, as well as why writing through it is a form of harassment and erasure." [158]
In January 2017, Zuckerberg criticized Donald Trump’s executive order to severely limit immigrants and refugees from some countries.[161]
Personal life
Zuckerberg met his future wife, fellow student Priscilla Chan, at a fraternity party during his sophomore year at Harvard. They began dating in 2003.[162][163]
In September 2010, Zuckerberg invited Chan, by then a medical student at the University of California, San Francisco,[164] to move into his rented Palo Alto house. Zuckerberg studied Mandarin in preparation for the couple's visit to China in December 2010.[165][166] On May 19, 2012, Zuckerberg and Chan married in Zuckerberg's backyard in an event that also celebrated her graduation from medical school.[167][168][169] On July 31, 2015, Zuckerberg announced that he and Chan were expecting a baby girl. He said he felt confident that the risk of miscarrying was low so far into the pregnancy, after Chan had already suffered three miscarriages.[170] On December 1, Zuckerberg announced the birth of their daughter, Maxima Chan Zuckerberg ("Max").[171][172] The couple announced on their Chinese New Year video, published on February 6, 2016, that Maxima's official Chinese name is Chen Mingyu (Chinese: 陈明宇).[173] In March 2017, he announced that the two are expecting another daughter.[174]
While raised Jewish, Zuckerberg later identified as an atheist,[175][22][176] a position he has since renounced.[177] He has shown an appreciation for Buddhism.[178][179] With regard to Christianity, both Zuckerberg and his wife told Pope Francis in August 2016 "how much we admire his message of mercy and tenderness, and how he's found new ways to communicate with people of every faith around the world."[180][181][182] In December 2016, when asked "Aren't you an atheist?" in response to a Christmas Day post on Facebook, Zuckerberg responded, "No. I was raised Jewish and then I went through a period where I questioned things, but now I believe religion is very important."[177] As he closed his commencement address at Harvard University in May 2017, Zuckerberg shared the Jewish prayer Mi Shebeirach, which he stated he says when he faces challenges in life.[183][184]
See also

Criticism of Facebook
Mark Zuckerberg book club

References


^ Pilkington, Ed (March 10, 2011). "Forbes rich list: Facebook six stake their claims". The Guardian. UK. Retrieved March 30, 2011. 
^ a b "Facebook, Inc. Proxy Statement". United States Security and Exchange Commission. April 26, 2013. p. 31. Retrieved March 30, 2014. On January 1, 2013, Mr. Zuckerberg’s annual base salary was reduced to $1 and he will no longer receive annual bonus compensation under our Bonus Plan. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg - Forbes". Forbes. 
^ Napach, Bernice (July 26, 2013). "Facebook Surges and Mark Zuckerberg Pockets $3.8 Billion". Yahoo! Finance. 
^ Hiltzik, Michael (May 20, 2012). "Facebook shareholders are wedded to the whims of Mark Zuckerberg". Los Angeles Times. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg". Forbes. Retrieved April 19, 2016. 
^ "The World's Billionaires List". Forbes. Retrieved December 12, 2016. 
^ Carlson, Nicholas (March 5, 2010). "At Last – The Full Story Of How Facebook Was Founded". Business Insider. 
^ The Giving Pledge website, retrieved December 3, 2015
^ BBC News. The great Facebook giveaway - how will it work?, December 2, 2015
^ http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-34978249
^ a b Grossman, Lev (December 15, 2010). "Person of the Year 2010: Mark Zuckerberg". Time. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg". Forbes. March 2012. Retrieved May 19, 2012. 
^ "The All-Time TIME 100 of All Time". Time. April 18, 2012. Retrieved April 20, 2012. 
^ "The World's Most Powerful People". Forbes. December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg's career in 90 seconds". The Daily Telegraph. Retrieved March 3, 2017. 
^ Malone, Jasmine (Dec 15, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg wins Time person of the year: profile". The Daily Telegraph. London. 
^ "The Zuckerbergs of Dobbs Ferry", New York, no. May 14, 2012, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (Jan 27, 2017). "My great grandparents came from Germany, Austria, and Poland.". Facebook. PaloAlto. 
^ a b c d Vargas, Jose Antonio (September 20, 2010). "The Face of Facebook". The New Yorker. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Burrell, Ian (July 24, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg: He's got the whole world on his site". The Independent. UK. Retrieved November 6, 2010. 
^ a b Kirkpatrick, David (2010). The Facebook Effect: The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World. New York: Simon & Schuster. pp. 20–21. ISBN 978-1-4391-0211-4. Retrieved November 9, 2010. 
^ McDevitt, Caitlin (March 5, 2010). "What We Learned About Mark Zuckerberg This Week". The Big Money. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Grynbaum, Michael M. (June 10, 2004). "Mark E. Zuckerberg '06: The whiz behind thefacebook.com". The Harvard Crimson. 
^ "4-thing-mark-zuckerberg". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ "facebook-founder-mark-zuckerberg-child-prodigy". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ Hemos/Dan Moore (April 21, 2003). "Machine Learning and MP3s". Slashdot. Retrieved September 3, 2010. 
^ Dreier, Troy (February 8, 2005). "Synapse Media Player Review". PCMag.com. Retrieved September 3, 2010. 
^ Larson, Chase (March 25, 2011), Mark Zuckerberg speaks at BYU, calls Facebook "as much psychology and sociology as it is technology", Deseret News, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ a b "Facebook founder's roommate recounts creation of Internet giant". Haaretz. Oct 5, 2009. 
^ Hoffman, Claire (June 28, 2008). "The Battle for Facebook". Rolling Stone. New York. Archived from the original on July 3, 2008. Retrieved February 5, 2009. 
^ Seward, Zachary M. (July 25, 2007). "Judge Expresses Skepticism About Facebook Lawsuit". The Wall Street Journal. New York. Retrieved April 30, 2008. 
^ Carlson, Nicolas (March 5, 2010). "In 2004, Mark Zuckerberg Broke Into A Facebook User's Private Email Account". Business Insider. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Stone, Brad (June 28, 2008). "Judge Ends Facebook's Feud With ConnectU". New York Times blog. 
^ Rushe, Dominic (February 2, 2012). "Facebook IPO sees Winklevoss twins heading for $300m fortune". The Guardian. London. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg, Harvard dropout, returns to open arms". CS Monitor. November 9, 2011. 
^ Fell, Jason (14 May 2014). "As Mark Zuckerberg Turns 30, His 10 Best Quotes as CEO". Entrepreneur. Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Retrieved 16 May 2014. 
^ Steinbock, Anna (May 25, 2017). "Harvard awards 10 honorary degrees". Harvard Gazette. Retrieved May 25, 2017. 
^ "13 YEARS AFTER QUITTING, FACEBOOK CEO MARK ZUCKERBERG GETS HONORARY HARVARD DEGREE". PPP Focus. 28 May 2017. 
^ a b Antonas, Steffan (May 10, 2009). "Did Mark Zuckerberg's Inspiration for Facebook Come Before Harvard?". ReadWrite Social. SAY Media, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ a b "Face-to-Face with Mark Zuckerberg '02". Phillips Exeter Academy. Phillips Exeter Academy. January 24, 2007. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^

Holt, Chris (March 10, 2004). "Thefacebook.com's darker side". The Stanford Daily. 
Nguyen, Lananh (April 12, 2004). "Online network created by Harvard students flourishes". The Tufts Daily. College Media Network. Archived from the original on October 15, 2013. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
Rotberg, Emily (April 14, 2004). "Thefacebook.com opens to Duke students". The Chronicle. Duke Student Publishing Company. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
"Students flock to join college online facebook". The Daily Pennsylvanian. Archived from the original on August 25, 2011. 


^ Alice Speri (August 7, 2012). "Zuckerberg's Roomie Aims to Win for Haiti". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Teller, Sam (November 1, 2005). "Zuckerberg To Leave Harvard Indefinitely". The Harvard Crimson. The Harvard Crimson, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Kevin J. Feeney (February 24, 2005). "Business, Casual.". The Harvard Crimson. The Harvard Crimson, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ a b c Singel, Ryan (May 28, 2010). "Epicenter: Mark Zuckerberg: I Donated to Open Source, Facebook Competitor". Wired News. Condé Nast Publishing. Retrieved May 29, 2010. 
^ MacMillan, Robert (April 1, 2009). "Yu, Zuckerberg and the Facebook fallout". Reuters. Retrieved March 26, 2013. In a back-to-the-future move, former Netscape CFO Peter Currie will be the key adviser to Facebook about financial matters, until a new search for a CFO is found, sources said. 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (July 22, 2010), 500 Million Stories, The Facebook Blog, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ a b c Levy, Steven (April 19, 2010). "Geek Power: Steven Levy Revisits Tech Titans, Hackers, Idealists". Wired. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ a b McGirt, Ellen (February 17, 2010). "The World's Most Innovative Companies 2010". Fast Company. Retrieved September 24, 2010. 
^ "The Vanity Fair 100". Vanity Fair. October 2010. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "The Vanity Fair 100". Vanity Fair. September 1, 2010. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg – 50 People who matter 2010". New Statesman. UK. Retrieved September 27, 2010. 
^ "Facebook's Zuckerberg says Steve Jobs advised on company focus, management". Bloomberg. November 7, 2011. Retrieved November 12, 2011. 
^ "Zuckerberg in Moscow to boost Facebook's presence". France24.com. October 1, 2012. Archived from the original on October 3, 2012. 
^ "Russia pushes Facebook to open research center". FoxNews. October 1, 2012. 
^ Delo, Cotton (April 16, 2013). "Facebook Practices What It Preaches for 'Home' Ad Blitz". Ad Age digital. Crain Communications. Retrieved April 18, 2013. 
^ Caitlin Dewey (August 19, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg's Facebook page was hacked by an unemployed web developer". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 19, 2013. 
^ a b Edwards, Victoria (September 21, 2013). "6 Things We Learned From Marissa Mayer and Mark Zuckerberg at TechCrunch Disrupt 2013". TechCrunch. AOL Inc. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ a b Stevenson, Alastair (August 22, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg Creates Tech Justice League to Bring Internet to the Masses". Search Engine Watch. Incisive Media Incisive Interactive Marketing LLC. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^

Samuel Gibbs (February 23, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg goes to Barcelona to make mobile friends". The Guardian. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
Sven Grundberg (January 16, 2014). "Facebook's Zuckerberg to Speak at Mobile World Congress". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
Meyer, David (January 16, 2014). "Facebook's Zuckerberg to headline Mobile World Congress this year". Gigaom. Gigaom, Inc. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 


^ Mark Gregory (February 22, 2014). "Mobile World Congress: What to expect from Barcelona". BBC News. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
^ Alex Hern, Jonathan Kaiman (October 23, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg addresses Chinese university in Mandarin". The Guardian. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Maria Tadeo (December 12, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg Q&A: What we learnt about the Facebook founder". The Independent. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Sam Colt (December 12, 2014). "Facebook May Be Adding a 'Dislike' Button". Inc. Monsueto Ventures. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Kirsch, Noah (December 3, 2016). "Since Trump's Election, Mark Zuckerberg's Net Worth Has Fallen $3.7 Billion". Forbes.com. Retrieved December 4, 2016. 
^ "The top 10 business visionaries creating value for the world". Business Insider. Business Insider Inc. 
^ Martey Dodoo (August 16, 2004). "Wirehog?". Martey Dodoo. 
^ Alan J. Tabak (August 13, 2004). "Zuckerberg Programs New Website". Harvard Crimson. 
^ "80000 developers". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ "The Facebook Blog | Facebook". Blog.facebook.com. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ "2007 Young Innovators Under 35: Mark Zuckerberg, 23". MIT Technology Review. 2007. Retrieved August 14, 2011. 
^ "Meet at the Silicon Valley among the tech leaders and Indian Prime Minister-Narendra Modi". Retrieved October 9, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg supports Digital India". Retrieved October 9, 2015. 
^ Carlson, Nicholas. "In 2004, Mark Zuckerberg Broke Into A Facebook User's Private Email Account". Silicon Alley Insider. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Logged in as click here to log out (February 12, 2009). "Facebook paid up to $65m to founder Mark Zuckerberg's ex-classmates". Guardian. UK. Retrieved August 21, 2009. 
^ McCarthy, Caroline (November 30, 2007). "article about 02138". News.com. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ Hempel, Jessi (July 25, 2009). "The book that Facebook doesn't want you to read". CNN Money. Archived from the original on September 14, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ West, Jackson. "Facebook CEO Named in Pakistan Criminal Investigation". NBC Bay Area. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ "Zuckerberg faces criminal investigation in Pakistan". 
^ Anderson, John (July 29, 2010). "Facebook does not have a like button for Ceglia". WellsvilleDaily.com. Retrieved August 29, 2010. 
^ "Venture beat coverage of Ceglia lawsuit". 
^ "Feds Collar Would-Be Facebook Fraudster". E-Commerce News. October 29, 2012. 
^ "A Dubious Case Found Lawyers Eager to Make Some Money". New York Times. October 29, 2012. 
^ "Paul Ceglia's lawyer drops out of Facebook suit after arrest". San Jose Mercury News. October 30, 2012. 
^ "Israeli minister accused facebook and its founder". Newsweek. Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg is facing claims that Facebook is not helping Israel crack down on terror". Express. Retrieved July 3, 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg has terror victim's 'blood on his hands', Israeli minister says". International Business Times. Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ Mark Zuckerberg hits back at 'misleading' claims he is suing Hawaiian landowners, Wired, January 20, 2017
^ "Facebook's Zuckerberg officially drops Hawaii 'quiet title' actions", Pacific Business News, Feb. 26, 2017
^ Fried, Ina (June 2, 2010). "Zuckerberg in the hot seat at D8". CNET. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ Harlow, John (May 16, 2010). "Movie depicts seamy life of Facebook boss". The Times Online. London. Retrieved July 18, 2010. 
^ Cieply, Michael & Helft, Miguel (August 20, 2010). "Facebook Feels Unfriendly Toward Film It Inspired". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Harris, Mark (September 17, 2010). "Inventing Facebook". New York. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ "The Social Network Filmmakers Thank Zuckerberg During Golden Globes". Techland. Time. January 17, 2011. 
^ "Last Night, Aaron Sorkin Demonstrated How to Apologize Without Accepting Responsibility". NYMag. January 17, 2011. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Meets Jesse Eisenberg on Saturday Night Live". People. January 30, 2011. Retrieved January 30, 2011. 
^ "Jesse Eisenberg meets the real Mark Zuckerberg on SNL". Digital Trends. January 31, 2011. 
^ "Jesse Eisenberg Calls Mark Zuckerberg "Sweet" and "Generous" in His Funny Oscar Nominees Lunch Interview" Popsugar, February 7, 2011
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Meets Jesse Eisenberg On The 'Saturday Night Live' Stage" NPR, January 30, 2011
^ a b c Rohrer, Finlo. "Is the Facebook movie the truth about Mark Zuckerberg" BBC, September 30, 2010
^ "The Facebook Effect: The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World", release date February 1, 2011
^ "Facebook Creator Mark Zuckerberg to Get Yellow on The Simpsons". New York. July 21, 2010. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Griggs, Brandon (October 11, 2010). "Facebook, Zuckerberg spoofed on 'SNL'". CNN. Retrieved October 11, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg ‘Liked’ SNL’s Facebook Skit". New York. October 12, 2010. Retrieved January 28, 2011. 
^ Lerer, Lisa & McMillan, Traci (October 30, 2010). "Comedy Central's Stewart Says Press, Politicians Are Creating Extremism". Bloomberg. Retrieved November 4, 2010. 
^ Nina Metz Chicago Closeup 9:00 a.m. CDT, July 18, 2013 (July 18, 2013). "Terms and Conditions May Apply". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved May 25, 2014. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "'Terms and Conditions May Apply' Details Digital-Age Loss of Privacy". New York Times. Retrieved May 25, 2014.  (paid)
^ Hoback, Cullen. "Our data is our digital identity - and we need to reclaim control | Technology". theguardian.com. Retrieved May 25, 2014. 
^ "Mayor Says Newark Is 40% There in Matching Facebook Founder's Grant". The Chronicle of Philanthropy. September 27, 2010. 
^ Ng, Philiana (September 24, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg: 'The Social Network' is 'fun'". The Hollywood Reporter. 
^ Tracy, Ryan (November 23, 2010). "Can Mark Zuckerberg's Money Save Newark's Schools?". Newsweek. 
^ Reidel, David (September 22, 2010). "Facebook CEO to Gift $100M to Newark Schools". CBS News.com. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg's Well-Timed $100 million Donation to Newark Public Schools". New York Magazine. September 22, 2010. Retrieved September 28, 2010. 
^ a b Isaac, Mike (September 24, 2010). "Zuckerberg Pressured To Announce $100 million Donation To Newark". Forbes. Retrieved Sep 28, 2010. 
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mark-zuckerbergs-100-million-donation-155608055.html
^ https://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/23/books/review/the-prize-by-dale-russakoff.html
^

Gonzales, Sandra (December 8, 2010). "Zuckerberg to donate wealth". San Jose Mercury News. 
"US billionaires pledge 50% of their wealth to charity". BBC. August 4, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
Moss, Rosabeth (December 14, 2010). "Four Strategic Generosity Lessons". Business Week. Retrieved March 9, 2011. 


^

Bailey, Brandon (December 19, 2013). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg makes $1 billion donation". San Jose Mercury News. Retrieved December 20, 2013. 
Sparkes, Matthew (December 19, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg donates $1bn to charity". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved December 20, 2013. 
Wagner, Kurt (January 3, 2014). "Zuckerberg's Other Billion-Dollar Idea: 2013's Biggest Charitable Gift". Mashable. Mashable. Retrieved January 3, 2014. 


^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg biggest giver in 2013". USA Today. February 10, 2014. 
^ Phillip, Abby (October 14, 2014). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and wife Priscilla Chan donate $25 million to Ebola fight". The Washington Post. Retrieved October 25, 2014. 
^ Kroll, Luisa (October 14, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg Is Giving $25 Million To Fight Ebola". Forbes. Retrieved October 25, 2014. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Vows to Donate 99% of His Facebook Shares for Charity". The New York Times. December 1, 2015. 
^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg to give away 99% of shares". BBC News Online. December 1, 2015. Retrieved December 1, 2015. 
^ "How Mark Zuckerberg’s Altruism Helps Himself". The New York Times. December 3, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg and the Rise of Philanthrocapitalism". The New Yorker. December 2, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg’s Philanthropy Uses L.L.C. for More Control". The New York Times. December 2, 2015. 
^ "Why Mark Zuckerberg's huge new donation is going to an LLC rather than a charity". Vox. December 2, 2015. 
^ givingpledge.org/
^ Katharine Mieszkowski  (April 19, 2011). "President Obama's Facebook appearance aimed at young voters; Bay Area visit targets big donors". The Bay Citizen. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ David Cohen (February 14, 2013). "Protestors Target Mark Zuckerberg’s Fundraiser For N.J. Gov. Chris Christie". AllFacebook. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ Ben Branstetter (October 21, 2013). "Conservatives including Mark Zuckerberg, Grover Norquist urge House to pass immigration reform". UPI. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ "Why Mark Zuckerberg is a conservative (and why that matters)". The Daily Dot. October 30, 2013. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ "2013: Year of the Liberal Billionaires". Politico. November 1, 2013. 
^ Julia Boorstin (February 13, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg 'Likes' Governor Chris Christie". CNBC. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Kate Zernike (January 24, 2013). "Facebook Chief to Hold Fund-Raiser for Christie". The New York Times. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Young, Elise (June 8, 2013). "Zuckerberg Plans Fundraiser for Cory Booker’s Senate Run". Bloomberg. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ Christine Richard, "Ackman Cash for Booker Brings $240 Million Aid From Wall Street", Bloomberg, October 28, 2010
^ "Education". Silicon valley Community Foundation. 
^ Cassidy, Mike (February 15, 2013). "Cassidy: Silicon Valley needs to harness its innovative spirit to level the playing field for blacks and Hispanics". The Mercury News. Retrieved April 23, 2013. 
^ Constine, Josh (April 11, 2013). "Zuckerberg And A Team Of Tech All-Stars Launch Political Advocacy Group FWD.us". TechCrunch. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Ferenstein, Gregory (April 11, 2013). "Zuckerberg Launches A Tech Lobby, But What Will It Do Differently?". TechCrunch. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Malik, Om (April 11, 2013). "Why I have issues with Mark Zuckerberg’s FWD.us". Gigaom. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Brian, Matt (April 11, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg launches FWD.us with notable Silicon Valley execs in fight for immigration reform". The Verge. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (April 11, 2013). "Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg: Immigration and the knowledge economy". The Washington Post. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ "About Us". FWD.us. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Handley, Meg (April 30, 2013). "Facebook's Zuckerberg Takes Heat Over Keystone, Drilling Ads". U.S. News & World Report. Archived from the original on May 3, 2013. Retrieved May 3, 2013. 
^ Weiner, Rachel. "Liberal groups boycotting Facebook over immigration push". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 7, 2013. 
^ Constine, Josh (June 20, 2013). "Zuckerberg Replies To His Facebook Commenters’ Questions On Immigration". TechCrunch. Aol Tech. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Gallagher, Billy (June 30, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg ‘Likes’ SF LGBT Pride As Tech Companies Publicly Celebrate Equal Rights". TechCrunch. AOL Inc. Retrieved July 2, 2013. 
^ Evelyn M. Rusli (June 30, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg Leads 700 Facebook Employees in SF Gay Pride". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved July 2, 2013. 
^ Emery, Debbie (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Vows to ‘Fight to Protect’ Muslim Rights on Facebook". TheWrap. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ White, Daniel (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Offers Support to Muslims in Facebook Post". Time Magazine. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Griffin, Andrew (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg speaks in support of Muslims after week of ‘hate’". The Guardian. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Cenk Uygur (December 10, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Stands With Muslims". The Young Turks. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Zuckerberg Invokes Jewish Heritage in Facebook Post Supporting Muslims". Haaretz. December 10, 2015. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Tait, Robert (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg voices support for Muslims amid Donald Trump ban row". The Daily Telegraph. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ a b King, Shaun (February 25, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg forced to address racism among Facebook staff after vandals target Black Lives Matter phrases". New York Daily News. Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ Jessica, Guynn (February 25, 2016). "Zuckerberg reprimands Facebook staff defacing 'Black Lives Matter' slogan". USA Today. Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ Snyder, Benjamin (February 25, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Takes Facebook Workers to Task Over "All Lives Matter" Graffiti". Fortune (magazine). Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ theguardian.com 28 January 2017: Mark Zuckerberg challenges Trump on immigration and 'extreme vetting' order
^ O'Connor, Clare (May 20, 2012), Mark Zuckerberg's Wife Priscilla Chan: A New Brand of Billionaire Bride, Forbes, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ Status Update: Mark Zuckerberg is married to Priscilla Chan, Techstroke, May 20, 2012, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ "White Coats on a Rainbow of Students", Spotlight, UCSF School of Medicine. Cf. Priscilla Chan, 23.
^ Spiegel, Rob (December 20, 2010). "Zuckerberg Goes Searching in China". 
^ "Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg learn chinese every morning". ChineseTime.cn. September 29, 2010. 
^ Stein, Joel. "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries sweetheart". Retrieved May 19, 2012. 
^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries Priscilla Chan". cbsnews.com. Retrieved May 20, 2012. 
^ Wohlsen, Marcus (May 19, 2012). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries longtime girlfriend, Priscilla Chan: Palo Alto, Calif., ceremony caps busy week after company goes public". msnbc.com. Associated Press. Retrieved May 20, 2012. 
^ "Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg to become a father". BBC News. BBC. July 31, 2015. Retrieved August 1, 2015. 
^ "The Switch Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan to give away 99 percent of their Facebook stock, worth $45 billion". 
^ "A letter to our daughter". www.facebook.com. Retrieved December 1, 2015. 
^ Kell, John (February 8, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Reveals Daughter's Chinese Name". Fortune.com. Retrieved February 29, 2016. In a pretty adorable video shared by the tech executive over the weekend, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan said their daughter Max's Chinese name is Chen Mingyu. 
^ Heath, Alex (March 9, 2017). "Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan are expecting another baby". Business Insider. Retrieved March 9, 2017. 
^ Vara, Vauhini (November 28, 2007). "Just How Much Do We Want to Share On Social Networks?". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ Daniel Alef (October 17, 2010). Mark Zuckerberg: The Face Behind Facebook and Social Networking. Titans of Fortune Publishing. ISBN 9781608043118. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ a b Julie Zauzmer (December 30, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg says he’s no longer an atheist, believes ‘religion is very important’". The Washington Post. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ "Facebook Is Injecting Buddhism Into Its Core Business So It Can Be More Compassionate". Retrieved June 25, 2013. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg says "Buddhism is an amazing religion". Retrieved October 27, 2015. 
^ Zauzmer, Julie (29 August 2016). "Pope Francis and Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg had a meeting today - The Washington Post". The Washington Post. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Fox, Emily Jane (29 August 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Gives the Pope an Unusual Gift". Vanity Fair. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Esteves, Junno Arocho (29 August 2016). "Pope meets with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg". America. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Bailey, Sarah Pulliam (25 May 2017). "Mark Zuckerberg shares the prayer he says to his daughter every night -". The Washington Post. Retrieved 6 June 2017. Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg gave the commencement address at Harvard University on Thursday, closing his speech by sharing a Jewish prayer called the “Mi Shebeirach,” which he said he recites whenever he faces a big challenge and which he sings to his daughter, thinking of her future, when he tucks her in at night. 
^ Hallowell, Billy (26 May 2017). "After Abandoning Atheism, Facebook Founder Mark Zuckerberg Reveals the Prayer He Sings to His Daughter Every Night Before Bed". Faithwire. Retrieved 6 June 2017. It was during Zuckerberg’s commencement address at Harvard University that he shared a Jewish prayer called the “Mi Shebeirach”— an invocation that he said he recites as he copes with major challenges in life and also when he tucks his child in at night, the Washington Post reported. 


External links



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Mark Zuckerberg





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Mark Zuckerberg.



Mark Zuckerberg on Facebook 
Mark Zuckerberg on IMDb 







v
t
e


Facebook



Website



Features
Beacon
Graph Search
EdgeRank
Platform
Payments
Facebook like button
Facebookcorewwwi.onion
Facebook Live
Facebook Zero
Facebook Stories





Other
products




Current



Instagram

followed users
liked pictures


Messenger
M (virtual assistant)
MSQRD
Oculus Rift
WhatsApp
Workplace





Former



Camera
FriendFeed
Home

HTC First


Paper
Poke (app)
Riff
Slingshot
Wirehog








People




Founders



Mark Zuckerberg (28% equity)
Dustin Moskovitz (7%)
Eduardo Saverin (5%, formerly)
Chris Hughes (1%, formerly)
Andrew McCollum





Board



Mark Zuckerberg
Jim Breyer (11%)
Peter Thiel (2%)
Sheryl Sandberg
Marc Andreessen
Erskine Bowles
Susan Desmond-Hellmann
Donald E. Graham
Reed Hastings





Executive
officers




Current



Mark Zuckerberg (Chairman and CEO)
Sheryl Sandberg (COO)
David Wehner (CFO)
Mike Schroepfer (CTO)





Former



Sean Parker (4%, formerly)
Owen Van Natta
Gideon Yu
Adam D'Angelo
Chris Kelly
Bret Taylor
David Ebersman








Notable
employees




Current



Chris Cox (VP of Product)
Elliot Schrage (VP of Global Communications, Marketing and Public Policy)
Lars Rasmussen (Graph Search director)
John Carmack (CTO of Oculus VR)
Hugo Barra (VP of Oculus VR)
Naomi Gleit (VP of social good)





Former



Blake Ross (Director of Product)
Ted Ullyot (VP, General Counsel, and Secretary)
Matt Cohler
Charlie Cheever
Randi Zuckerberg
Yishan Wong
George Hotz
Joe Lockhart
Andrei Alexandrescu (research scientist)











Open source



Apache Cassandra
Apache Hive
Apache Thrift
FQL
Hack
HipHop for PHP
Phabricator
React
Scribe
Open Compute Project





Mass media



The Facebook Effect
The Accidental Billionaires
The Social Network





Concepts



Activity stream
Social graph
Friending and following
Reblogging
Fan-gating
Facebook diplomacy
Facebook like button





Business



History
Timeline
Acquisitions
f8 conference
IPO
Censorship
Criticism
Litigation





Divisions



Facebook AI Research
Facebook Creative Labs





Related



Priscilla Chan (wife of Mark Zuckerberg)
Chan Zuckerberg Initiative












v
t
e


Time Persons of the Year (2001–present)






Rudolph Giuliani (2001)
The Whistleblowers: Cynthia Cooper / Coleen Rowley / Sherron Watkins (2002)
The American Soldier (2003)
George W. Bush (2004)
The Good Samaritans: Bono / Bill Gates / Melinda Gates (2005)
You (2006)
Vladimir Putin (2007)
Barack Obama (2008)
Ben Bernanke (2009)
Mark Zuckerberg (2010)
The Protestor (2011)
Barack Obama (2012)
Pope Francis (2013)
Ebola Fighters: Dr. Jerry Brown / Dr. Kent Brantly / Ella Watson-Stryker / Foday Gollah / Salome Karmah (2014)
Angela Merkel (2015)
Donald Trump (2016)








Complete roster
1927–1950
1951–1975
1976–2000
2001–present












v
t
e


The World's Billionaires – Top ten richest people in the world as of 20 April 2017






 Bill Gates ($86.0B, United States)
 Warren Buffett ($75.6B, United States)
 Jeff Bezos ($72.8B, United States)
 Amancio Ortega ($71.3B, Spain)
 Mark Zuckerberg ($56.0B, United States)
 Carlos Slim ($54.5B, Mexico)
 Larry Ellison ($52.2B, United States)
 Charles Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 David Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 Michael Bloomberg ($47.5B, United States)












v
t
e


Wealthiest people in the United States by state







AL
Jimmy Rane


AK
Leonard Hyde and Jonathan Rubini


AZ
Bruce Halle


AR
Jim Walton


CA
Mark Zuckerberg


CO
Charlie Ergen


CT
Ray Dalio


DE
Robert W. Gore and Elizabeth Snyder


FL
Thomas Peterffy


GA
Jim Kennedy


HI
Pierre Omidyar


ID
Frank L. VanderSloot


IL
Kenneth C. Griffin


IN
Carl Cook


IA
Harry Stine


KS
Charles Koch


KY
B. Wayne Hughes


LA
Tom Benson


ME
Bill and Susan Alfond


MD
Ted Lerner


MA
Abigail Johnson


MI
Dan Gilbert


MN
Whitney MacMillan


MS
Leslie Lampton


MO
Stan Kroenke


MT
Dennis Washington


NE
Warren Buffett


NV
Sheldon Adelson


NH
Andrea Reimann-Ciardelli


NJ
Donald Newhouse


NM
Mack C. Chase


NY
Michael Bloomberg


NC
James Goodnight


ND
Gary Tharaldson


OH
Les Wexner


OK
Harold Hamm


OR
Phil Knight


PA
Mary Alice Dorrance Malone


RI
Jonathan M. Nelson


SC
Anita Zucker


SD
T. Denny Sanford


TN
Thomas F. Frist Jr.


TX
Alice Walton


UT
Gail Miller


VT
John Abele


VA
Jacqueline Mars


WA
Bill Gates


WV
Jim Justice


WI
John Menard Jr.


WY
John Mars









Biography portal
Internet portal
United States portal





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 101338851
LCCN: n2009022154
ISNI: 0000 0001 1478 8765
GND: 139618171
SUDOC: 143320165
BNF: cb16182911f (data)
BIBSYS: 10033777
NDL: 01235319










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mark_Zuckerberg&oldid=792644760"					
Categories: 1984 births21st-century American businesspeopleAmerican billionairesAmerican chairmen of corporationsAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican computer programmersAmerican Internet celebritiesAmerican JewsAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican technology company foundersBusinesspeople from New YorkBusinesspeople from the San Francisco Bay AreaDirectors of FacebookFacebook employeesLiving peopleNerd culturePeople from Dobbs Ferry, New YorkPeople from Palo Alto, CaliforniaPeople from White Plains, New YorkPhillips Exeter Academy alumniPeople with color blindnessLife extensionistsGiving PledgersHidden categories: CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected biographies of living peopleUse American English from March 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from October 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2017Articles with unsourced statements from February 2016Wikipedia articles needing clarification from May 2014Articles containing Chinese-language textWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with BIBSYS identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎BislamaБългарскиBoarischBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalegoગુજરાતી한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡKapampanganქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliKurdîКыргызчаLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiमराठीმარგალურიمصرىBahasa MelayuМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanଓଡ଼ିଆOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیភាសាខ្មែរPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitతెలుగుTetunไทยТоҷикӣTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray粵語Zazaki中文डोटेली 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 19:09.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Mark Zuckerberg - Wikipedia




















 







Mark Zuckerberg

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Zuckerberg" redirects here. For other people with the surname, see Zuckerberg (name).


Mark Zuckerberg



Zuckerberg in 2014



Born
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg
(1984-05-14) May 14, 1984 (age 33)[1]
White Plains, New York, U.S.


Residence
Palo Alto, California, U.S.


Occupation
Computer programmer, Internet entrepreneur


Years active
2004–present


Known for
Co-founder of Facebook


Home town
Dobbs Ferry, New York, U.S.


Salary
One-dollar salary[2]


Net worth
US$63.7 billion (June 2017)[3]


Title
Chairman and CEO of Facebook


Spouse(s)
Priscilla Chan (m. 2012)


Children
1


Relatives
Randi Zuckerberg (sister)


Website
facebook.com/zuck


Signature





Mark Elliot Zuckerberg (born May 14, 1984) is an American computer programmer and Internet entrepreneur. He is a co-founder of Facebook, and currently operates as its chairman and chief executive officer.[4][5] His net worth is estimated to be US$63.3 billion as of May 2017, and he is ranked by Forbes as the fifth richest person in the world.[6][7]
Zuckerberg launched Facebook from his Harvard University dormitory room on February 4, 2004. He was assisted by his college roommates and fellow Harvard students Eduardo Saverin, Andrew McCollum, Dustin Moskovitz, and Chris Hughes.[8] The group then introduced Facebook to other college campuses. Facebook expanded rapidly, reaching one billion users by 2012. Meanwhile, Zuckerberg was involved in various legal disputes brought by others in the group, who claimed a share of the company based upon their involvement during the development phase of Facebook.
In December 2012, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan announced that over the course of their lives they would give the majority of their wealth to "advancing human potential and promoting equality" in the spirit of The Giving Pledge.[9] On December 1, 2015, they announced they would eventually give 99 percent of their Facebook shares (worth about US$45 billion at the time) to the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative.[10][11]
Since 2010, Time magazine has named Zuckerberg among the 100 wealthiest and most influential people in the world as a part of its Person of the Year award.[12][13][14] In December 2016, Zuckerberg was ranked 10th on Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[15]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Software developer

2.1 Early years
2.2 College years


3 Career

3.1 Facebook
3.2 Wirehog
3.3 Platform, Beacon, and Connect
3.4 Internet.org
3.5 Legal controversies

3.5.1 ConnectU lawsuits
3.5.2 Saverin lawsuit
3.5.3 Pakistan criminal investigation
3.5.4 Paul Ceglia
3.5.5 Palestinian terror attacks
3.5.6 Hawaiian land ownership




4 Depictions in media

4.1 The Social Network

4.1.1 Disputed accuracy


4.2 Other depictions


5 Philanthropy
6 Politics
7 Personal life
8 See also
9 References
10 External links



Early life

External video




 Mark Zuckerberg's career in 90 seconds, The Daily Telegraph[16]


Zuckerberg was born in 1984 in White Plains, New York.[17] He is the son of Karen (née Kempner), a psychiatrist, and Edward Zuckerberg, a dentist.[18] His ancestors came from Germany, Austria and Poland.[19] He and his three sisters, Randi, Donna, and Arielle, were brought up in Dobbs Ferry, New York, a small Westchester County village about 21 miles north of Midtown Manhattan.[20] Zuckerberg was raised Jewish and had his Bar Mitzvah when he turned 13.[21]
At Ardsley High School, Zuckerberg excelled in classes. He transferred to the exclusive private school Phillips Exeter Academy, in New Hampshire, in his junior year, where he won prizes in science (math, astronomy, and physics) and classical studies. In his youth, he also attended the Johns Hopkins Center for Talented Youth summer camp. On his college application, Zuckerberg claimed that he could read and write French, Hebrew, Latin, and ancient Greek. He was captain of the fencing team.[22][23][24]
Software developer
Early years
Zuckerberg began using computers and writing software in middle school. His father taught him Atari BASIC Programming in the 1990s, and later hired software developer David Newman to tutor him privately. Newman calls him a "prodigy", adding that it was "tough to stay ahead of him". Zuckerberg took a graduate course in the subject at Mercy College near his home while still in high school. He enjoyed developing computer programs, especially communication tools and games. In one program, since his father's dental practice was operated from their home, he built a software program he called "ZuckNet" that allowed all the computers between the house and dental office to communicate with each other. It is considered a "primitive" version of AOL's Instant Messenger, which came out the following year.[25][26]
According to writer Jose Antonio Vargas, "some kids played computer games. Mark created them." Zuckerberg himself recalls this period: "I had a bunch of friends who were artists. They'd come over, draw stuff, and I'd build a game out of it." However, notes Vargas, Zuckerberg was not a typical "geek-klutz", as he later became captain of his prep school fencing team and earned a classics diploma. Napster co-founder Sean Parker, a close friend, notes that Zuckerberg was "really into Greek odysseys and all that stuff", recalling how he once quoted lines from the Roman epic poem Aeneid, by Virgil, during a Facebook product conference.[20]
During Zuckerberg's high school years, he worked under the company name Intelligent Media Group to build a music player called the Synapse Media Player. The device used machine learning to learn the user's listening habits, which was posted to Slashdot[27] and received a rating of 3 out of 5 from PC Magazine.[28]
College years
Vargas noted that by the time Zuckerberg began classes at Harvard, he had already achieved a "reputation as a programming prodigy". He studied psychology and computer science and belonged to Alpha Epsilon Pi and Kirkland House.[12][20][29] In his sophomore year, he wrote a program that he called CourseMatch, which allowed users to make class selection decisions based on the choices of other students and also to help them form study groups. A short time later, he created a different program he initially called Facemash that let students select the best looking person from a choice of photos. According to Arie Hasit, Zuckerberg's roommate at the time, "he built the site for fun". Hasit explains:

We had books called Face Books, which included the names and pictures of everyone who lived in the student dorms. At first, he built a site and placed two pictures, or pictures of two males and two females. Visitors to the site had to choose who was "hotter" and according to the votes there would be a ranking.[30]

The site went up over a weekend, but by Monday morning, the college shut it down, because its popularity had overwhelmed one of Harvard's network switches and prevented students from accessing the Internet. In addition, many students complained that their photos were being used without permission. Zuckerberg apologized publicly, and the student paper ran articles stating that his site was "completely improper."[30]
The following semester, in January 2004, Zuckerberg began writing code for a new Web site.[31] On February 4, 2004, Zuckerberg launched "Thefacebook", originally located at thefacebook.com.[32]
Six days after the site launched, three Harvard seniors, Cameron Winklevoss, Tyler Winklevoss, and Divya Narendra, accused Zuckerberg of intentionally misleading them into believing he would help them build a social network called HarvardConnection.com, while he was instead using their ideas to build a competing product.[33] The three complained to The Harvard Crimson, and the newspaper began an investigation in response.[citation needed]
Following the official launch of the Facebook social media platform, the three filed a lawsuit against Zuckerberg that resulted in a settlement.[34] The agreed settlement was for 1.2 million Facebook shares that were worth US$300 million at Facebook's IPO.[35]
Zuckerberg dropped out of Harvard in his sophomore year to complete his project.[36] In January 2014, he recalled:

I remember really vividly, you know, having pizza with my friends a day or two after—I opened up the first version of Facebook at the time I thought, "You know, someone needs to build a service like this for the world." But I just never thought that we'd be the ones to help do it. And I think a lot of what it comes down to is we just cared more.[37]

Zuckerberg later received an honorary degree from Harvard on 28 May 2017.[38][39]
Career




Zuckerberg listening to President Barack Obama before a private meeting where Obama dined with technology business leaders in Woodside, California, February 17, 2011.


Facebook
Main articles: Facebook and History of Facebook
On February 4, 2004, Zuckerberg launched Facebook from his Harvard dormitory room.[40][41] An earlier inspiration for Facebook may have come from Phillips Exeter Academy, the prep school from which Zuckerberg graduated in 2002. It published its own student directory, "The Photo Address Book", which students referred to as "The Facebook". Such photo directories were an important part of the student social experience at many private schools. With them, students were able to list attributes such as their class years, their friends, and their telephone numbers.[40]
Once at college, Zuckerberg's Facebook started off as just a "Harvard thing" until Zuckerberg decided to spread it to other schools, enlisting the help of roommate Dustin Moskovitz. They began with Columbia University, New York University, Stanford, Dartmouth, Cornell, University of Pennsylvania, Brown, and Yale.[42] Samyr Laine, a triple jumper representing Haiti at the 2012 Summer Olympics, shared a room with Zuckerberg during Facebook's founding. "Mark was clearly on to great things," said Laine, who was Facebook's fourteenth user.[43]
Zuckerberg, Moskovitz and some friends moved to Palo Alto, California in Silicon Valley where they leased a small house that served as an office. Over the summer, Zuckerberg met Peter Thiel, who invested in the company. They got their first office in mid-2004. According to Zuckerberg, the group planned to return to Harvard, but eventually decided to remain in California.[44][45] They had already turned down offers by major corporations to buy the company. In an interview in 2007, Zuckerberg explained his reasoning: "It's not because of the amount of money. For me and my colleagues, the most important thing is that we create an open information flow for people. Having media corporations owned by conglomerates is just not an attractive idea to me."[41]
He restated these goals to Wired magazine in 2010: "The thing I really care about is the mission, making the world open."[46] Earlier, in April 2009, Zuckerberg sought the advice of former Netscape CFO Peter Currie about financing strategies for Facebook.[47] On July 21, 2010, Zuckerberg reported that the company reached the 500 million-user mark.[48] When asked whether Facebook could earn more income from advertising as a result of its phenomenal growth, he explained:

I guess we could ... If you look at how much of our page is taken up with ads compared to the average search query. The average for us is a little less than 10 percent of the pages and the average for search is about 20 percent taken up with ads ... That's the simplest thing we could do. But we aren't like that. We make enough money. Right, I mean, we are keeping things running; we are growing at the rate we want to.[46]

In 2010, Steven Levy, who wrote the 1984 book Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution, wrote that Zuckerberg "clearly thinks of himself as a hacker". Zuckerberg said that "it's OK to break things" "to make them better".[49][50] Facebook instituted "hackathons" held every six to eight weeks where participants would have one night to conceive of and complete a project.[49] The company provided music, food, and beer at the hackathons, and many Facebook staff members, including Zuckerberg, regularly attended.[50] "The idea is that you can build something really good in a night", Zuckerberg told Levy. "And that's part of the personality of Facebook now ... It's definitely very core to my personality."[49]
Vanity Fair magazine named Zuckerberg number 1 on its 2010 list of the Top 100 "most influential people of the Information Age".[51] Zuckerberg ranked number 23 on the Vanity Fair 100 list in 2009.[52] In 2010, Zuckerberg was chosen as number 16 in New Statesman's annual survey of the world's 50 most influential figures.[53]
In a 2011 interview with PBS shortly after the death of Steve Jobs, Zuckerberg said that Jobs had advised him on how to create a management team at Facebook that was "focused on building as high quality and good things as you are".[54]
On October 1, 2012, Zuckerberg visited Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev in Moscow to stimulate social media innovation in Russia and to boost Facebook's position in the Russian market.[55] Russia's communications minister tweeted that Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev urged the social media giant's founder to abandon plans to lure away Russian programmers and instead consider opening a research center in Moscow. In 2012, Facebook had roughly 9 million users in Russia, while domestic clone VK had around 34 million.[56] Rebecca Van Dyck, Facebook's head of consumer marketing, claimed that 85 million American Facebook users were exposed to the first day of the Home promotional campaign on April 6, 2013.[57]
On August 19, 2013, The Washington Post reported that Zuckerberg's Facebook profile was hacked by an unemployed web developer.[58]
At the 2013 TechCrunch Disrupt conference, held in September, Zuckerberg stated that he is working towards registering the 5 billion humans who were not connected to the Internet as of the conference on Facebook. Zuckerberg then explained that this is intertwined with the aim of the Internet.org project, whereby Facebook, with the support of other technology companies, seeks to increase the number of people connected to the internet.[59][60]
Zuckerberg was the keynote speaker at the 2014 Mobile World Congress (MWC), held in Barcelona, Spain, in March 2014, which was attended by 75,000 delegates. Various media sources highlighted the connection between Facebook's focus on mobile technology and Zuckerberg's speech, claiming that mobile represents the future of the company.[61] Zuckerberg's speech expands upon the goal that he raised at the TechCrunch conference in September 2013, whereby he is working towards expanding Internet coverage into developing countries.[62]
Alongside other American technology figures like Jeff Bezos and Tim Cook, Zuckerberg hosted visiting Chinese politician Lu Wei, known as the "Internet czar" for his influence in the enforcement of China's online policy, at Facebook's headquarters on December 8, 2014. The meeting occurred after Zuckerberg participated in a Q&A session at Tsinghua University in Beijing, China, on October 23, 2014, where he attempted to converse in Mandarin Chinese; although Facebook is banned in China, Zuckerberg is highly regarded among the people and was at the university to help fuel the nation's burgeoning entrepreneur sector.[63]
Zuckerberg fielded questions during a live Q&A session at the company's headquarters in Menlo Park on December 11, 2014. The founder and CEO explained that he does not believe Facebook is a waste of time, because it facilitates social engagement, and participating in a public session was so that he could "learn how to better serve the community".[64][65]
Zuckerberg receives a one-dollar salary as CEO of Facebook.[2] On December 3, 2016, Forbes reported Facebook shares had declined 7% since November 8, 2016, reducing Zuckerberg's net worth by $3.7 billion.[66] In June 2016, Business Insider named Zuckerberg one of the "Top 10 Business Visionaries Creating Value for the World" along with Elon Musk and Sal Khan, due to the fact that he and his wife "pledged to give away 99% of their wealth — which is estimated at over $52.1 billion."[67]
Wirehog
Main article: Wirehog
A month after Zuckerberg launched Facebook in February 2004, i2hub, another campus-only service, created by Wayne Chang, was launched. i2hub focused on peer-to-peer file sharing. At the time, both i2hub and Facebook were gaining the attention of the press and growing rapidly in users and publicity. In August 2004, Zuckerberg, Andrew McCollum, Adam D'Angelo, and Sean Parker launched a competing peer-to-peer file sharing service called Wirehog, a precursor to Facebook Platform applications.[68][69]
Platform, Beacon, and Connect




Zuckerberg at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland (January 2009).


On May 24, 2007, Zuckerberg announced Facebook Platform, a development platform for programmers to create social applications within Facebook. Within weeks, many applications had been built and some already had millions of users. It grew to more than 800,000 developers around the world building applications for Facebook Platform.[70]
On November 6, 2007, Zuckerberg announced Beacon, a social advertising system that enabled people to share information with their Facebook friends based on their browsing activities on other sites. For example, eBay sellers could let friends know automatically what they have for sale via the Facebook news feed as they listed items for sale. The program came under scrutiny because of privacy concerns from groups and individual users. Zuckerberg and Facebook failed to respond to the concerns quickly, and on December 5, 2007, Zuckerberg wrote a blog post on Facebook,[71] taking responsibility for the concerns about Beacon and offering an easier way for users to opt out of the service.
In 2007, Zuckerberg was added to MIT Technology Review's TR35 list as one of the top 35 innovators in the world under the age of 35.[72] On July 23, 2008, Zuckerberg announced Facebook Connect, a version of Facebook Platform for users.[citation needed]
Internet.org
In a public Facebook post, Zuckerberg launched the Internet.org project in late August 2013. Zuckerberg explained that the primary aim of the initiative is to provide Internet access to the 5 billion people who are not connected as of the launch date. Using a three-tier strategy, Internet.org will also create new jobs and open up new markets, according to Zuckerberg. He stated in his post:

The world economy is going through a massive transition right now. The knowledge economy is the future. By bringing everyone online, we'll not only improve billions of lives, but we'll also improve our own as we benefit from the ideas and productivity they contribute to the world. Giving everyone the opportunity to connect is the foundation for enabling the knowledge economy. It is not the only thing we need to do, but it's a fundamental and necessary step.[60]

To stay proven on the efforts of bringing in the concept of net neutrality, Mark Zuckerberg met Narendra Modi, Satya Nadella and Sundar Pichai at the Silicon Valley, to discuss on how to effectively establish affordable internet access to the less developed countries.[73] As a token of initiation, Mark Zuckerberg changed his Facebook profile picture to extend his support to the Digital India to help the rural communities to stay connected to the internet.[74]
Legal controversies
Main article: Criticism of Facebook
ConnectU lawsuits
Main article: ConnectU
Harvard students Cameron Winklevoss, Tyler Winklevoss, and Divya Narendra accused Zuckerberg of intentionally making them believe he would help them build a social network called HarvardConnection.com (later called ConnectU).[75] They filed a lawsuit in 2004, but it was dismissed on a technicality on March 28, 2007. It was refiled soon thereafter in federal court in Boston. Facebook countersued in regards to Social Butterfly, a project put out by The Winklevoss Chang Group, an alleged partnership between ConnectU and i2hub. On June 25, 2008, the case settled and Facebook agreed to transfer over 1.2 million common shares and pay $20 million in cash.[76]
In November 2007, confidential court documents were posted on the website of 02138, a magazine that catered to Harvard alumni. They included Zuckerberg's Social Security number, his parents' home address, and his girlfriend's address. Facebook filed to have the documents removed, but the judge ruled in favor of 02138.[77]
Saverin lawsuit
A lawsuit filed by Eduardo Saverin against Facebook and Zuckerberg was settled out of court. Though terms of the settlement were sealed, the company affirmed Saverin's title as co-founder of Facebook. Saverin signed a non-disclosure contract after the settlement.[78]
Pakistan criminal investigation
In June 2010, Pakistani Deputy Attorney General Muhammad Azhar Sidiqque launched a criminal investigation into Zuckerberg and Facebook co-founders Dustin Moskovitz and Chris Hughes after a "Draw Muhammad" contest was hosted on Facebook. The investigation named the anonymous German woman who created the contest. Sidiqque asked the country's police to contact Interpol to have Zuckerberg and the three others arrested for blasphemy. On May 19, 2010, Facebook's website was temporarily blocked in Pakistan until Facebook removed the contest from its website at the end of May. Sidiqque also asked its UN representative to raise the issue with the United Nations General Assembly.[79][80]
Paul Ceglia
Main article: Paul Ceglia
In June 2010, Paul Ceglia, the owner of a wood pellet fuel company in Allegany County, upstate New York, filed suit against Zuckerberg, claiming 84 percent ownership of Facebook and seeking monetary damages. According to Ceglia, he and Zuckerberg signed a contract on April 28, 2003, that an initial fee of $1,000 entitled Ceglia to 50% of the website's revenue, as well as an additional 1% interest in the business per day after January 1, 2004, until website completion. Zuckerberg was developing other projects at the time, among which was Facemash, the predecessor of Facebook, but did not register the domain name thefacebook.com until January 1, 2004. Facebook management dismissed the lawsuit as "completely frivolous". Facebook spokesman Barry Schnitt told a reporter that Ceglia's counsel had unsuccessfully sought an out-of-court settlement.[81][82]
On October 26, 2012, federal authorities arrested Ceglia, charging him with mail and wire fraud and of "tampering with, destroying and fabricating evidence in a scheme to defraud the Facebook founder of billions of dollars." Ceglia is accused of fabricating emails to make it appear that he and Zuckerberg discussed details about an early version of Facebook, although after examining their emails, investigators found there was no mention of Facebook in them.[83] Some law firms withdrew from the case before it was initiated and others after Ceglia's arrest.[84][85]
Palestinian terror attacks
On July 2, 2016, Israeli cabinet minister Gilad Erdan accused Zuckerberg of having some responsibility for deadly attacks by Palestinians against Israelis.[86] According to him, the social network was not doing enough to ban posts to its platform that incite violence against Israelis.[87] "Some of the victims' blood is on Zuckerberg's hands", Erdan said.[88]
Hawaiian land ownership
In January 2017, Zuckerberg filed eight "quiet title and partition" lawsuits against hundreds of native Hawaiians to get them to sell their land to him. This land is contained within the 700 acres of land in the Hawaiian island of Kauai that Zuckerberg had purchased in 2014. When he learned that Hawaiian land ownership law differs from that of the other 49 states, he dropped the lawsuits.[89][90]
Depictions in media
The Social Network
Main article: The Social Network
A movie based on Zuckerberg and the founding years of Facebook, The Social Network was released on October 1, 2010, and stars Jesse Eisenberg as Zuckerberg. After Zuckerberg was told about the film, he responded, "I just wished that nobody made a movie of me while I was still alive."[91] Also, after the film's script was leaked on the Internet and it was apparent that the film would not portray Zuckerberg in a wholly positive light, he stated that he wanted to establish himself as a "good guy".[92] The film is based on the book The Accidental Billionaires by Ben Mezrich, which the book's publicist once described as "big juicy fun" rather than "reportage".[93] The film's screenwriter Aaron Sorkin told New York magazine, "I don't want my fidelity to be the truth; I want it to be storytelling", adding, "What is the big deal about accuracy purely for accuracy's sake, and can we not have the true be the enemy of the good?"[94]
Upon winning the Golden Globe Award for Best Picture on January 16, 2011, producer Scott Rudin thanked Facebook and Zuckerberg "for his willingness to allow us to use his life and work as a metaphor through which to tell a story about communication and the way we relate to each other.”[95] Sorkin, who won for Best Screenplay, retracted some of the impressions given in his script:[96]

"I wanted to say to Mark Zuckerberg tonight, if you're watching, Rooney Mara's character makes a prediction at the beginning of the movie. She was wrong. You turned out to be a great entrepreneur, a visionary, and an incredible altruist."

On January 29, 2011, Zuckerberg made a surprise guest appearance on Saturday Night Live, which was being hosted by Jesse Eisenberg. They both said it was the first time they ever met.[97] Eisenberg asked Zuckerberg, who had been critical of his portrayal by the film, what he thought of the movie. Zuckerberg replied, "It was interesting."[98] In a subsequent interview about their meeting, Eisenberg explains that he was "nervous to meet him, because I had spent now, a year and a half thinking about him ..." He adds, "Mark has been so gracious about something that’s really so uncomfortable ... The fact that he would do SNL and make fun of the situation is so sweet and so generous. It’s the best possible way to handle something that, I think, could otherwise be very uncomfortable."[99][100]
Disputed accuracy
Jeff Jarvis, author of the book Public Parts, interviewed Zuckerberg and believes Sorkin made up too much of the story. He states, "That's what the internet is accused of doing, making stuff up, not caring about the facts."[101]
According to David Kirkpatrick, former technology editor at Fortune magazine and author of The Facebook Effect:The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World, (2011),[102] "the film is only "40% true ... he is not snide and sarcastic in a cruel way, the way Zuckerberg is played in the movie." He says that "a lot of the factual incidents are accurate, but many are distorted and the overall impression is false", and concludes that primarily "his motivations were to try and come up with a new way to share information on the Internet".[101]
Although the film portrays Zuckerberg's creation of Facebook in order to elevate his stature after not getting into any of the elite final clubs at Harvard, Zuckerberg said he had no interest in joining the clubs.[20] Kirkpatrick agrees that the impression implied by the film is "false". Karel Baloun, a former senior engineer at Facebook, notes that the "image of Zuckerberg as a socially inept nerd is overstated ... It is fiction ..." He likewise dismisses the film's assertion that he "would deliberately betray a friend".[101]
Other depictions
Zuckerberg voiced himself on an episode of The Simpsons titled "Loan-a Lisa", which first aired on October 3, 2010. In the episode, Lisa Simpson and her friend Nelson encounter Zuckerberg at an entrepreneurs' convention. Zuckerberg tells Lisa that she does not need to graduate from college to be wildly successful, referencing Bill Gates and Richard Branson as examples.[103]
On October 9, 2010, Saturday Night Live lampooned Zuckerberg and Facebook.[104] Andy Samberg played Zuckerberg. The real Zuckerberg was reported to have been amused: "I thought this was funny."[105]
Stephen Colbert awarded a "Medal of Fear" to Zuckerberg at the Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear on October 30, 2010, "because he values his privacy much more than he values yours".[106]
Zuckerberg appears in the climax of the documentary film Terms and Conditions May Apply.[107][108][109]
Philanthropy
See also: Chan Zuckerberg Initiative




Chan and Zuckerberg in Prague (2013)


Zuckerberg donated an undisclosed amount to Diaspora, an open-source personal Web server that implements a distributed social networking service. He called it a "cool idea".[46]
Zuckerberg founded the Start-up: Education foundation.[110][111] On September 22, 2010, it was reported that Zuckerberg had donated $100 million to Newark Public Schools, the public school system of Newark, New Jersey.[112][113] Critics noted the timing of the donation as being close to the release of The Social Network, which painted a somewhat negative portrait of Zuckerberg.[114] Zuckerberg responded to the criticism, saying, "The thing that I was most sensitive about with the movie timing was, I didn't want the press about The Social Network movie to get conflated with the Newark project. I was thinking about doing this anonymously just so that the two things could be kept separate."[115] Newark Mayor Cory Booker stated that he and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie had to convince Zuckerberg's team not to make the donation anonymously.[115] The money was largely wasted, according to journalist Dale Russakoff.[116][117]
On December 9, 2010, Zuckerberg, Bill Gates, and investor Warren Buffett signed "The Giving Pledge", in which they promised to donate to charity at least half of their wealth over the course of time, and invited others among the wealthy to donate 50 percent or more of their wealth to charity.[118]
On December 19, 2013, Zuckerberg announced a donation of 18 million Facebook shares to the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, to be executed by the end of the month—based on Facebook's valuation as of then, the shares totaled $990 million in value. On December 31, 2013, the donation was recognized as the largest charitable gift on public record for 2013.[119] The Chronicle of Philanthropy placed Zuckerberg and his wife at the top of the magazine's annual list of 50 most generous Americans for 2013, having donated roughly $1 billion to charity.[120]
In October 2014, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan donated US$25 million to combat the Ebola virus disease, specifically the West African Ebola virus epidemic.[121][122]
On December 1, 2015, Zuckerberg and Chan announced the birth of their daughter Max, and in an open letter to Max, they pledged to donate 99 percent of their Facebook shares, then valued at US$45 billion, to the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, their new organization that will focus on health and education. The donation will not be given immediately, but over the course of their lives.[123][124] However, instead of forming a charitable corporation to donate the value of the stock to, as Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, Larry Page, Sergey Brin and other tech billionaires have done, Zuckerberg and Chan chose to use the structure of a limited liability company. This has drawn criticism from a number of journalists.[125][126][127][128] Chan and Zuckerberg also signed The Giving Pledge.[129]
Politics
In 2002, Zuckerberg registered to vote in Westchester County, New York, where he grew up, but did not cast a ballot until November 2008. Santa Clara County Registrar of Voters Spokeswoman, Elma Rosas, told Bloomberg that Zuckerberg is listed as "no preference" on voter rolls, and he voted in the past two general elections, in 2008 and 2012.[130][131]
Zuckerberg has never revealed his own political views: some consider him a conservative,[132][133] while others consider him liberal.[134]
On February 13, 2013, Zuckerberg hosted his first ever fundraising event for New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. Zuckerberg's particular interest on this occasion was education reform, and Christie's education reform work focused on teachers unions and the expansion of charter schools.[135][136] Later that year, Zuckerberg hosted a campaign fundraiser for Newark mayor Cory Booker, who was running in the 2013 New Jersey special Senate election.[137] In September 2010, with the support of Governor Chris Christie, Booker obtained a US$100 million pledge from Zuckerberg to Newark Public Schools.[138] In December 2012, Zuckerberg donated 18 million shares to the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, a community organization that includes education in its list of grant-making areas.[139][140]
On April 11, 2013, Zuckerberg led the launch of a 501(c)(4) lobbying group called FWD.us. The founders and contributors to the group were primarily Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and investors, and its president was Joe Green, a close friend of Zuckerberg.[141][142][143][144] The goals of the group include immigration reform, improving the state of education in the United States, and enabling more technological breakthroughs that benefit the public,[145][146] yet it has also been criticized for financing ads advocating a variety of oil and gas development initiatives, including drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and the Keystone XL pipeline.[147] In 2013, numerous liberal and progressive groups, such as The League of Conservation Voters, MoveOn.org, the Sierra Club, Democracy for America, CREDO, Daily Kos, 350.org, and Presente and Progressives United agreed to either pull their Facebook ad buys or not buy Facebook ads for at least two weeks, in protest of Zuckerberg ads funded by FWD.us that were in support of oil drilling and the Keystone XL pipeline, and in opposition to Obamacare among Republican United States senators who back immigration reform.[clarification needed][148]
A media report on June 20, 2013 revealed that Zuckerberg actively engaged with Facebook users on his own profile page after the online publication of a FWD.us video. In response to a claim that the FWD.us organization is "just about tech wanting to hire more people", the Internet entrepreneur replied: "The bigger problem we’re trying to address is ensuring the 11 million undocumented folks living in this country now and similar folks in the future are treated fairly."[149]
In June 2013, Zuckerberg joined Facebook employees in a company float as part of the annual San Francisco Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Pride Celebration. The company first participated in the event in 2011, with 70 employees, and this number increased to 700 for the 2013 march. The 2013 pride celebration was especially significant, as it followed a U.S. Supreme Court ruling that deemed the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) unconstitutional.[150][151]
When questioned about the mid-2013 PRISM scandal at the TechCrunch Disrupt conference in September 2013, Zuckerberg stated that the U.S. government "blew it." He further explained that the government performed poorly in regard to the protection of the freedoms of its citizens, the economy, and companies.[59]
Zuckerberg placed a statement on his Facebook wall on December 9, 2015 which said that he wants "to add my voice in support of Muslims in our community and around the world" in response to the aftermath of the November 2015 Paris attacks and the 2015 San Bernardino attack.[152][153][154][155] The statement also said that Muslims are "always welcome" on Facebook, and that his position was a result of the fact that "as a Jew, my parents taught me that we must stand up against attacks on all communities."[156][157]
On February 24, 2016, Zuckerberg sent out a company-wide internal memo to employees formally rebuking employees who had crossed out handwritten "Black Lives Matter" phrases on the company walls and had written "All Lives Matter" in their place. Facebook allows employees to free-write thoughts and phrases on company walls. The memo was then leaked by several employees. As Zuckerberg had previously condemned this practice at previous company meetings, and other similar requests had been issued by other leaders at Facebook, Zuckerberg wrote in the memo that he would now consider this overwriting practice not only disrespectful, but "malicious as well." According to Zuckerberg's memo, "Black Lives Matter doesn't mean other lives don't -- it's simply asking that the black community also achieves the justice they deserve." The memo also noted that the act of crossing something out in itself, "means silencing speech, or that one person's speech is more important than another's." Zuckerberg also said in the memo that he would be launching investigations into the incidents.[158][159][160] The New York Daily News interviewed Facebook employees who commented anonymously that, "Zuckerberg was genuinely angry about the incident and it really encouraged staff that Zuckerberg showed a clear understanding of why the phrase 'Black Lives Matter' must exist, as well as why writing through it is a form of harassment and erasure." [158]
In January 2017, Zuckerberg criticized Donald Trump’s executive order to severely limit immigrants and refugees from some countries.[161]
Personal life
Zuckerberg met his future wife, fellow student Priscilla Chan, at a fraternity party during his sophomore year at Harvard. They began dating in 2003.[162][163]
In September 2010, Zuckerberg invited Chan, by then a medical student at the University of California, San Francisco,[164] to move into his rented Palo Alto house. Zuckerberg studied Mandarin in preparation for the couple's visit to China in December 2010.[165][166] On May 19, 2012, Zuckerberg and Chan married in Zuckerberg's backyard in an event that also celebrated her graduation from medical school.[167][168][169] On July 31, 2015, Zuckerberg announced that he and Chan were expecting a baby girl. He said he felt confident that the risk of miscarrying was low so far into the pregnancy, after Chan had already suffered three miscarriages.[170] On December 1, Zuckerberg announced the birth of their daughter, Maxima Chan Zuckerberg ("Max").[171][172] The couple announced on their Chinese New Year video, published on February 6, 2016, that Maxima's official Chinese name is Chen Mingyu (Chinese: 陈明宇).[173] In March 2017, he announced that the two are expecting another daughter.[174]
While raised Jewish, Zuckerberg later identified as an atheist,[175][22][176] a position he has since renounced.[177] He has shown an appreciation for Buddhism.[178][179] With regard to Christianity, both Zuckerberg and his wife told Pope Francis in August 2016 "how much we admire his message of mercy and tenderness, and how he's found new ways to communicate with people of every faith around the world."[180][181][182] In December 2016, when asked "Aren't you an atheist?" in response to a Christmas Day post on Facebook, Zuckerberg responded, "No. I was raised Jewish and then I went through a period where I questioned things, but now I believe religion is very important."[177] As he closed his commencement address at Harvard University in May 2017, Zuckerberg shared the Jewish prayer Mi Shebeirach, which he stated he says when he faces challenges in life.[183][184]
See also

Criticism of Facebook
Mark Zuckerberg book club

References


^ Pilkington, Ed (March 10, 2011). "Forbes rich list: Facebook six stake their claims". The Guardian. UK. Retrieved March 30, 2011. 
^ a b "Facebook, Inc. Proxy Statement". United States Security and Exchange Commission. April 26, 2013. p. 31. Retrieved March 30, 2014. On January 1, 2013, Mr. Zuckerberg’s annual base salary was reduced to $1 and he will no longer receive annual bonus compensation under our Bonus Plan. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg - Forbes". Forbes. 
^ Napach, Bernice (July 26, 2013). "Facebook Surges and Mark Zuckerberg Pockets $3.8 Billion". Yahoo! Finance. 
^ Hiltzik, Michael (May 20, 2012). "Facebook shareholders are wedded to the whims of Mark Zuckerberg". Los Angeles Times. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg". Forbes. Retrieved April 19, 2016. 
^ "The World's Billionaires List". Forbes. Retrieved December 12, 2016. 
^ Carlson, Nicholas (March 5, 2010). "At Last – The Full Story Of How Facebook Was Founded". Business Insider. 
^ The Giving Pledge website, retrieved December 3, 2015
^ BBC News. The great Facebook giveaway - how will it work?, December 2, 2015
^ http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-34978249
^ a b Grossman, Lev (December 15, 2010). "Person of the Year 2010: Mark Zuckerberg". Time. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg". Forbes. March 2012. Retrieved May 19, 2012. 
^ "The All-Time TIME 100 of All Time". Time. April 18, 2012. Retrieved April 20, 2012. 
^ "The World's Most Powerful People". Forbes. December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg's career in 90 seconds". The Daily Telegraph. Retrieved March 3, 2017. 
^ Malone, Jasmine (Dec 15, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg wins Time person of the year: profile". The Daily Telegraph. London. 
^ "The Zuckerbergs of Dobbs Ferry", New York, no. May 14, 2012, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (Jan 27, 2017). "My great grandparents came from Germany, Austria, and Poland.". Facebook. PaloAlto. 
^ a b c d Vargas, Jose Antonio (September 20, 2010). "The Face of Facebook". The New Yorker. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Burrell, Ian (July 24, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg: He's got the whole world on his site". The Independent. UK. Retrieved November 6, 2010. 
^ a b Kirkpatrick, David (2010). The Facebook Effect: The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World. New York: Simon & Schuster. pp. 20–21. ISBN 978-1-4391-0211-4. Retrieved November 9, 2010. 
^ McDevitt, Caitlin (March 5, 2010). "What We Learned About Mark Zuckerberg This Week". The Big Money. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Grynbaum, Michael M. (June 10, 2004). "Mark E. Zuckerberg '06: The whiz behind thefacebook.com". The Harvard Crimson. 
^ "4-thing-mark-zuckerberg". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ "facebook-founder-mark-zuckerberg-child-prodigy". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ Hemos/Dan Moore (April 21, 2003). "Machine Learning and MP3s". Slashdot. Retrieved September 3, 2010. 
^ Dreier, Troy (February 8, 2005). "Synapse Media Player Review". PCMag.com. Retrieved September 3, 2010. 
^ Larson, Chase (March 25, 2011), Mark Zuckerberg speaks at BYU, calls Facebook "as much psychology and sociology as it is technology", Deseret News, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ a b "Facebook founder's roommate recounts creation of Internet giant". Haaretz. Oct 5, 2009. 
^ Hoffman, Claire (June 28, 2008). "The Battle for Facebook". Rolling Stone. New York. Archived from the original on July 3, 2008. Retrieved February 5, 2009. 
^ Seward, Zachary M. (July 25, 2007). "Judge Expresses Skepticism About Facebook Lawsuit". The Wall Street Journal. New York. Retrieved April 30, 2008. 
^ Carlson, Nicolas (March 5, 2010). "In 2004, Mark Zuckerberg Broke Into A Facebook User's Private Email Account". Business Insider. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Stone, Brad (June 28, 2008). "Judge Ends Facebook's Feud With ConnectU". New York Times blog. 
^ Rushe, Dominic (February 2, 2012). "Facebook IPO sees Winklevoss twins heading for $300m fortune". The Guardian. London. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg, Harvard dropout, returns to open arms". CS Monitor. November 9, 2011. 
^ Fell, Jason (14 May 2014). "As Mark Zuckerberg Turns 30, His 10 Best Quotes as CEO". Entrepreneur. Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Retrieved 16 May 2014. 
^ Steinbock, Anna (May 25, 2017). "Harvard awards 10 honorary degrees". Harvard Gazette. Retrieved May 25, 2017. 
^ "13 YEARS AFTER QUITTING, FACEBOOK CEO MARK ZUCKERBERG GETS HONORARY HARVARD DEGREE". PPP Focus. 28 May 2017. 
^ a b Antonas, Steffan (May 10, 2009). "Did Mark Zuckerberg's Inspiration for Facebook Come Before Harvard?". ReadWrite Social. SAY Media, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ a b "Face-to-Face with Mark Zuckerberg '02". Phillips Exeter Academy. Phillips Exeter Academy. January 24, 2007. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^

Holt, Chris (March 10, 2004). "Thefacebook.com's darker side". The Stanford Daily. 
Nguyen, Lananh (April 12, 2004). "Online network created by Harvard students flourishes". The Tufts Daily. College Media Network. Archived from the original on October 15, 2013. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
Rotberg, Emily (April 14, 2004). "Thefacebook.com opens to Duke students". The Chronicle. Duke Student Publishing Company. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
"Students flock to join college online facebook". The Daily Pennsylvanian. Archived from the original on August 25, 2011. 


^ Alice Speri (August 7, 2012). "Zuckerberg's Roomie Aims to Win for Haiti". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Teller, Sam (November 1, 2005). "Zuckerberg To Leave Harvard Indefinitely". The Harvard Crimson. The Harvard Crimson, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Kevin J. Feeney (February 24, 2005). "Business, Casual.". The Harvard Crimson. The Harvard Crimson, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ a b c Singel, Ryan (May 28, 2010). "Epicenter: Mark Zuckerberg: I Donated to Open Source, Facebook Competitor". Wired News. Condé Nast Publishing. Retrieved May 29, 2010. 
^ MacMillan, Robert (April 1, 2009). "Yu, Zuckerberg and the Facebook fallout". Reuters. Retrieved March 26, 2013. In a back-to-the-future move, former Netscape CFO Peter Currie will be the key adviser to Facebook about financial matters, until a new search for a CFO is found, sources said. 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (July 22, 2010), 500 Million Stories, The Facebook Blog, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ a b c Levy, Steven (April 19, 2010). "Geek Power: Steven Levy Revisits Tech Titans, Hackers, Idealists". Wired. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ a b McGirt, Ellen (February 17, 2010). "The World's Most Innovative Companies 2010". Fast Company. Retrieved September 24, 2010. 
^ "The Vanity Fair 100". Vanity Fair. October 2010. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "The Vanity Fair 100". Vanity Fair. September 1, 2010. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg – 50 People who matter 2010". New Statesman. UK. Retrieved September 27, 2010. 
^ "Facebook's Zuckerberg says Steve Jobs advised on company focus, management". Bloomberg. November 7, 2011. Retrieved November 12, 2011. 
^ "Zuckerberg in Moscow to boost Facebook's presence". France24.com. October 1, 2012. Archived from the original on October 3, 2012. 
^ "Russia pushes Facebook to open research center". FoxNews. October 1, 2012. 
^ Delo, Cotton (April 16, 2013). "Facebook Practices What It Preaches for 'Home' Ad Blitz". Ad Age digital. Crain Communications. Retrieved April 18, 2013. 
^ Caitlin Dewey (August 19, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg's Facebook page was hacked by an unemployed web developer". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 19, 2013. 
^ a b Edwards, Victoria (September 21, 2013). "6 Things We Learned From Marissa Mayer and Mark Zuckerberg at TechCrunch Disrupt 2013". TechCrunch. AOL Inc. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ a b Stevenson, Alastair (August 22, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg Creates Tech Justice League to Bring Internet to the Masses". Search Engine Watch. Incisive Media Incisive Interactive Marketing LLC. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^

Samuel Gibbs (February 23, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg goes to Barcelona to make mobile friends". The Guardian. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
Sven Grundberg (January 16, 2014). "Facebook's Zuckerberg to Speak at Mobile World Congress". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
Meyer, David (January 16, 2014). "Facebook's Zuckerberg to headline Mobile World Congress this year". Gigaom. Gigaom, Inc. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 


^ Mark Gregory (February 22, 2014). "Mobile World Congress: What to expect from Barcelona". BBC News. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
^ Alex Hern, Jonathan Kaiman (October 23, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg addresses Chinese university in Mandarin". The Guardian. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Maria Tadeo (December 12, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg Q&A: What we learnt about the Facebook founder". The Independent. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Sam Colt (December 12, 2014). "Facebook May Be Adding a 'Dislike' Button". Inc. Monsueto Ventures. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Kirsch, Noah (December 3, 2016). "Since Trump's Election, Mark Zuckerberg's Net Worth Has Fallen $3.7 Billion". Forbes.com. Retrieved December 4, 2016. 
^ "The top 10 business visionaries creating value for the world". Business Insider. Business Insider Inc. 
^ Martey Dodoo (August 16, 2004). "Wirehog?". Martey Dodoo. 
^ Alan J. Tabak (August 13, 2004). "Zuckerberg Programs New Website". Harvard Crimson. 
^ "80000 developers". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ "The Facebook Blog | Facebook". Blog.facebook.com. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ "2007 Young Innovators Under 35: Mark Zuckerberg, 23". MIT Technology Review. 2007. Retrieved August 14, 2011. 
^ "Meet at the Silicon Valley among the tech leaders and Indian Prime Minister-Narendra Modi". Retrieved October 9, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg supports Digital India". Retrieved October 9, 2015. 
^ Carlson, Nicholas. "In 2004, Mark Zuckerberg Broke Into A Facebook User's Private Email Account". Silicon Alley Insider. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Logged in as click here to log out (February 12, 2009). "Facebook paid up to $65m to founder Mark Zuckerberg's ex-classmates". Guardian. UK. Retrieved August 21, 2009. 
^ McCarthy, Caroline (November 30, 2007). "article about 02138". News.com. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ Hempel, Jessi (July 25, 2009). "The book that Facebook doesn't want you to read". CNN Money. Archived from the original on September 14, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ West, Jackson. "Facebook CEO Named in Pakistan Criminal Investigation". NBC Bay Area. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ "Zuckerberg faces criminal investigation in Pakistan". 
^ Anderson, John (July 29, 2010). "Facebook does not have a like button for Ceglia". WellsvilleDaily.com. Retrieved August 29, 2010. 
^ "Venture beat coverage of Ceglia lawsuit". 
^ "Feds Collar Would-Be Facebook Fraudster". E-Commerce News. October 29, 2012. 
^ "A Dubious Case Found Lawyers Eager to Make Some Money". New York Times. October 29, 2012. 
^ "Paul Ceglia's lawyer drops out of Facebook suit after arrest". San Jose Mercury News. October 30, 2012. 
^ "Israeli minister accused facebook and its founder". Newsweek. Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg is facing claims that Facebook is not helping Israel crack down on terror". Express. Retrieved July 3, 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg has terror victim's 'blood on his hands', Israeli minister says". International Business Times. Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ Mark Zuckerberg hits back at 'misleading' claims he is suing Hawaiian landowners, Wired, January 20, 2017
^ "Facebook's Zuckerberg officially drops Hawaii 'quiet title' actions", Pacific Business News, Feb. 26, 2017
^ Fried, Ina (June 2, 2010). "Zuckerberg in the hot seat at D8". CNET. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ Harlow, John (May 16, 2010). "Movie depicts seamy life of Facebook boss". The Times Online. London. Retrieved July 18, 2010. 
^ Cieply, Michael & Helft, Miguel (August 20, 2010). "Facebook Feels Unfriendly Toward Film It Inspired". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Harris, Mark (September 17, 2010). "Inventing Facebook". New York. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ "The Social Network Filmmakers Thank Zuckerberg During Golden Globes". Techland. Time. January 17, 2011. 
^ "Last Night, Aaron Sorkin Demonstrated How to Apologize Without Accepting Responsibility". NYMag. January 17, 2011. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Meets Jesse Eisenberg on Saturday Night Live". People. January 30, 2011. Retrieved January 30, 2011. 
^ "Jesse Eisenberg meets the real Mark Zuckerberg on SNL". Digital Trends. January 31, 2011. 
^ "Jesse Eisenberg Calls Mark Zuckerberg "Sweet" and "Generous" in His Funny Oscar Nominees Lunch Interview" Popsugar, February 7, 2011
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Meets Jesse Eisenberg On The 'Saturday Night Live' Stage" NPR, January 30, 2011
^ a b c Rohrer, Finlo. "Is the Facebook movie the truth about Mark Zuckerberg" BBC, September 30, 2010
^ "The Facebook Effect: The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World", release date February 1, 2011
^ "Facebook Creator Mark Zuckerberg to Get Yellow on The Simpsons". New York. July 21, 2010. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Griggs, Brandon (October 11, 2010). "Facebook, Zuckerberg spoofed on 'SNL'". CNN. Retrieved October 11, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg ‘Liked’ SNL’s Facebook Skit". New York. October 12, 2010. Retrieved January 28, 2011. 
^ Lerer, Lisa & McMillan, Traci (October 30, 2010). "Comedy Central's Stewart Says Press, Politicians Are Creating Extremism". Bloomberg. Retrieved November 4, 2010. 
^ Nina Metz Chicago Closeup 9:00 a.m. CDT, July 18, 2013 (July 18, 2013). "Terms and Conditions May Apply". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved May 25, 2014. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "'Terms and Conditions May Apply' Details Digital-Age Loss of Privacy". New York Times. Retrieved May 25, 2014.  (paid)
^ Hoback, Cullen. "Our data is our digital identity - and we need to reclaim control | Technology". theguardian.com. Retrieved May 25, 2014. 
^ "Mayor Says Newark Is 40% There in Matching Facebook Founder's Grant". The Chronicle of Philanthropy. September 27, 2010. 
^ Ng, Philiana (September 24, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg: 'The Social Network' is 'fun'". The Hollywood Reporter. 
^ Tracy, Ryan (November 23, 2010). "Can Mark Zuckerberg's Money Save Newark's Schools?". Newsweek. 
^ Reidel, David (September 22, 2010). "Facebook CEO to Gift $100M to Newark Schools". CBS News.com. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg's Well-Timed $100 million Donation to Newark Public Schools". New York Magazine. September 22, 2010. Retrieved September 28, 2010. 
^ a b Isaac, Mike (September 24, 2010). "Zuckerberg Pressured To Announce $100 million Donation To Newark". Forbes. Retrieved Sep 28, 2010. 
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mark-zuckerbergs-100-million-donation-155608055.html
^ https://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/23/books/review/the-prize-by-dale-russakoff.html
^

Gonzales, Sandra (December 8, 2010). "Zuckerberg to donate wealth". San Jose Mercury News. 
"US billionaires pledge 50% of their wealth to charity". BBC. August 4, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
Moss, Rosabeth (December 14, 2010). "Four Strategic Generosity Lessons". Business Week. Retrieved March 9, 2011. 


^

Bailey, Brandon (December 19, 2013). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg makes $1 billion donation". San Jose Mercury News. Retrieved December 20, 2013. 
Sparkes, Matthew (December 19, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg donates $1bn to charity". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved December 20, 2013. 
Wagner, Kurt (January 3, 2014). "Zuckerberg's Other Billion-Dollar Idea: 2013's Biggest Charitable Gift". Mashable. Mashable. Retrieved January 3, 2014. 


^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg biggest giver in 2013". USA Today. February 10, 2014. 
^ Phillip, Abby (October 14, 2014). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and wife Priscilla Chan donate $25 million to Ebola fight". The Washington Post. Retrieved October 25, 2014. 
^ Kroll, Luisa (October 14, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg Is Giving $25 Million To Fight Ebola". Forbes. Retrieved October 25, 2014. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Vows to Donate 99% of His Facebook Shares for Charity". The New York Times. December 1, 2015. 
^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg to give away 99% of shares". BBC News Online. December 1, 2015. Retrieved December 1, 2015. 
^ "How Mark Zuckerberg’s Altruism Helps Himself". The New York Times. December 3, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg and the Rise of Philanthrocapitalism". The New Yorker. December 2, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg’s Philanthropy Uses L.L.C. for More Control". The New York Times. December 2, 2015. 
^ "Why Mark Zuckerberg's huge new donation is going to an LLC rather than a charity". Vox. December 2, 2015. 
^ givingpledge.org/
^ Katharine Mieszkowski  (April 19, 2011). "President Obama's Facebook appearance aimed at young voters; Bay Area visit targets big donors". The Bay Citizen. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ David Cohen (February 14, 2013). "Protestors Target Mark Zuckerberg’s Fundraiser For N.J. Gov. Chris Christie". AllFacebook. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ Ben Branstetter (October 21, 2013). "Conservatives including Mark Zuckerberg, Grover Norquist urge House to pass immigration reform". UPI. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ "Why Mark Zuckerberg is a conservative (and why that matters)". The Daily Dot. October 30, 2013. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ "2013: Year of the Liberal Billionaires". Politico. November 1, 2013. 
^ Julia Boorstin (February 13, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg 'Likes' Governor Chris Christie". CNBC. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Kate Zernike (January 24, 2013). "Facebook Chief to Hold Fund-Raiser for Christie". The New York Times. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Young, Elise (June 8, 2013). "Zuckerberg Plans Fundraiser for Cory Booker’s Senate Run". Bloomberg. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ Christine Richard, "Ackman Cash for Booker Brings $240 Million Aid From Wall Street", Bloomberg, October 28, 2010
^ "Education". Silicon valley Community Foundation. 
^ Cassidy, Mike (February 15, 2013). "Cassidy: Silicon Valley needs to harness its innovative spirit to level the playing field for blacks and Hispanics". The Mercury News. Retrieved April 23, 2013. 
^ Constine, Josh (April 11, 2013). "Zuckerberg And A Team Of Tech All-Stars Launch Political Advocacy Group FWD.us". TechCrunch. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Ferenstein, Gregory (April 11, 2013). "Zuckerberg Launches A Tech Lobby, But What Will It Do Differently?". TechCrunch. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Malik, Om (April 11, 2013). "Why I have issues with Mark Zuckerberg’s FWD.us". Gigaom. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Brian, Matt (April 11, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg launches FWD.us with notable Silicon Valley execs in fight for immigration reform". The Verge. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (April 11, 2013). "Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg: Immigration and the knowledge economy". The Washington Post. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ "About Us". FWD.us. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Handley, Meg (April 30, 2013). "Facebook's Zuckerberg Takes Heat Over Keystone, Drilling Ads". U.S. News & World Report. Archived from the original on May 3, 2013. Retrieved May 3, 2013. 
^ Weiner, Rachel. "Liberal groups boycotting Facebook over immigration push". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 7, 2013. 
^ Constine, Josh (June 20, 2013). "Zuckerberg Replies To His Facebook Commenters’ Questions On Immigration". TechCrunch. Aol Tech. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Gallagher, Billy (June 30, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg ‘Likes’ SF LGBT Pride As Tech Companies Publicly Celebrate Equal Rights". TechCrunch. AOL Inc. Retrieved July 2, 2013. 
^ Evelyn M. Rusli (June 30, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg Leads 700 Facebook Employees in SF Gay Pride". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved July 2, 2013. 
^ Emery, Debbie (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Vows to ‘Fight to Protect’ Muslim Rights on Facebook". TheWrap. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ White, Daniel (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Offers Support to Muslims in Facebook Post". Time Magazine. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Griffin, Andrew (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg speaks in support of Muslims after week of ‘hate’". The Guardian. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Cenk Uygur (December 10, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Stands With Muslims". The Young Turks. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Zuckerberg Invokes Jewish Heritage in Facebook Post Supporting Muslims". Haaretz. December 10, 2015. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Tait, Robert (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg voices support for Muslims amid Donald Trump ban row". The Daily Telegraph. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ a b King, Shaun (February 25, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg forced to address racism among Facebook staff after vandals target Black Lives Matter phrases". New York Daily News. Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ Jessica, Guynn (February 25, 2016). "Zuckerberg reprimands Facebook staff defacing 'Black Lives Matter' slogan". USA Today. Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ Snyder, Benjamin (February 25, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Takes Facebook Workers to Task Over "All Lives Matter" Graffiti". Fortune (magazine). Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ theguardian.com 28 January 2017: Mark Zuckerberg challenges Trump on immigration and 'extreme vetting' order
^ O'Connor, Clare (May 20, 2012), Mark Zuckerberg's Wife Priscilla Chan: A New Brand of Billionaire Bride, Forbes, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ Status Update: Mark Zuckerberg is married to Priscilla Chan, Techstroke, May 20, 2012, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ "White Coats on a Rainbow of Students", Spotlight, UCSF School of Medicine. Cf. Priscilla Chan, 23.
^ Spiegel, Rob (December 20, 2010). "Zuckerberg Goes Searching in China". 
^ "Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg learn chinese every morning". ChineseTime.cn. September 29, 2010. 
^ Stein, Joel. "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries sweetheart". Retrieved May 19, 2012. 
^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries Priscilla Chan". cbsnews.com. Retrieved May 20, 2012. 
^ Wohlsen, Marcus (May 19, 2012). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries longtime girlfriend, Priscilla Chan: Palo Alto, Calif., ceremony caps busy week after company goes public". msnbc.com. Associated Press. Retrieved May 20, 2012. 
^ "Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg to become a father". BBC News. BBC. July 31, 2015. Retrieved August 1, 2015. 
^ "The Switch Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan to give away 99 percent of their Facebook stock, worth $45 billion". 
^ "A letter to our daughter". www.facebook.com. Retrieved December 1, 2015. 
^ Kell, John (February 8, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Reveals Daughter's Chinese Name". Fortune.com. Retrieved February 29, 2016. In a pretty adorable video shared by the tech executive over the weekend, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan said their daughter Max's Chinese name is Chen Mingyu. 
^ Heath, Alex (March 9, 2017). "Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan are expecting another baby". Business Insider. Retrieved March 9, 2017. 
^ Vara, Vauhini (November 28, 2007). "Just How Much Do We Want to Share On Social Networks?". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ Daniel Alef (October 17, 2010). Mark Zuckerberg: The Face Behind Facebook and Social Networking. Titans of Fortune Publishing. ISBN 9781608043118. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ a b Julie Zauzmer (December 30, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg says he’s no longer an atheist, believes ‘religion is very important’". The Washington Post. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ "Facebook Is Injecting Buddhism Into Its Core Business So It Can Be More Compassionate". Retrieved June 25, 2013. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg says "Buddhism is an amazing religion". Retrieved October 27, 2015. 
^ Zauzmer, Julie (29 August 2016). "Pope Francis and Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg had a meeting today - The Washington Post". The Washington Post. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Fox, Emily Jane (29 August 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Gives the Pope an Unusual Gift". Vanity Fair. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Esteves, Junno Arocho (29 August 2016). "Pope meets with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg". America. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Bailey, Sarah Pulliam (25 May 2017). "Mark Zuckerberg shares the prayer he says to his daughter every night -". The Washington Post. Retrieved 6 June 2017. Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg gave the commencement address at Harvard University on Thursday, closing his speech by sharing a Jewish prayer called the “Mi Shebeirach,” which he said he recites whenever he faces a big challenge and which he sings to his daughter, thinking of her future, when he tucks her in at night. 
^ Hallowell, Billy (26 May 2017). "After Abandoning Atheism, Facebook Founder Mark Zuckerberg Reveals the Prayer He Sings to His Daughter Every Night Before Bed". Faithwire. Retrieved 6 June 2017. It was during Zuckerberg’s commencement address at Harvard University that he shared a Jewish prayer called the “Mi Shebeirach”— an invocation that he said he recites as he copes with major challenges in life and also when he tucks his child in at night, the Washington Post reported. 


External links



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Mark Zuckerberg





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Mark Zuckerberg.



Mark Zuckerberg on Facebook 
Mark Zuckerberg on IMDb 







v
t
e


Facebook



Website



Features
Beacon
Graph Search
EdgeRank
Platform
Payments
Facebook like button
Facebookcorewwwi.onion
Facebook Live
Facebook Zero
Facebook Stories





Other
products




Current



Instagram

followed users
liked pictures


Messenger
M (virtual assistant)
MSQRD
Oculus Rift
WhatsApp
Workplace





Former



Camera
FriendFeed
Home

HTC First


Paper
Poke (app)
Riff
Slingshot
Wirehog








People




Founders



Mark Zuckerberg (28% equity)
Dustin Moskovitz (7%)
Eduardo Saverin (5%, formerly)
Chris Hughes (1%, formerly)
Andrew McCollum





Board



Mark Zuckerberg
Jim Breyer (11%)
Peter Thiel (2%)
Sheryl Sandberg
Marc Andreessen
Erskine Bowles
Susan Desmond-Hellmann
Donald E. Graham
Reed Hastings





Executive
officers




Current



Mark Zuckerberg (Chairman and CEO)
Sheryl Sandberg (COO)
David Wehner (CFO)
Mike Schroepfer (CTO)





Former



Sean Parker (4%, formerly)
Owen Van Natta
Gideon Yu
Adam D'Angelo
Chris Kelly
Bret Taylor
David Ebersman








Notable
employees




Current



Chris Cox (VP of Product)
Elliot Schrage (VP of Global Communications, Marketing and Public Policy)
Lars Rasmussen (Graph Search director)
John Carmack (CTO of Oculus VR)
Hugo Barra (VP of Oculus VR)
Naomi Gleit (VP of social good)





Former



Blake Ross (Director of Product)
Ted Ullyot (VP, General Counsel, and Secretary)
Matt Cohler
Charlie Cheever
Randi Zuckerberg
Yishan Wong
George Hotz
Joe Lockhart
Andrei Alexandrescu (research scientist)











Open source



Apache Cassandra
Apache Hive
Apache Thrift
FQL
Hack
HipHop for PHP
Phabricator
React
Scribe
Open Compute Project





Mass media



The Facebook Effect
The Accidental Billionaires
The Social Network





Concepts



Activity stream
Social graph
Friending and following
Reblogging
Fan-gating
Facebook diplomacy
Facebook like button





Business



History
Timeline
Acquisitions
f8 conference
IPO
Censorship
Criticism
Litigation





Divisions



Facebook AI Research
Facebook Creative Labs





Related



Priscilla Chan (wife of Mark Zuckerberg)
Chan Zuckerberg Initiative












v
t
e


Time Persons of the Year (2001–present)






Rudolph Giuliani (2001)
The Whistleblowers: Cynthia Cooper / Coleen Rowley / Sherron Watkins (2002)
The American Soldier (2003)
George W. Bush (2004)
The Good Samaritans: Bono / Bill Gates / Melinda Gates (2005)
You (2006)
Vladimir Putin (2007)
Barack Obama (2008)
Ben Bernanke (2009)
Mark Zuckerberg (2010)
The Protestor (2011)
Barack Obama (2012)
Pope Francis (2013)
Ebola Fighters: Dr. Jerry Brown / Dr. Kent Brantly / Ella Watson-Stryker / Foday Gollah / Salome Karmah (2014)
Angela Merkel (2015)
Donald Trump (2016)








Complete roster
1927–1950
1951–1975
1976–2000
2001–present












v
t
e


The World's Billionaires – Top ten richest people in the world as of 20 April 2017






 Bill Gates ($86.0B, United States)
 Warren Buffett ($75.6B, United States)
 Jeff Bezos ($72.8B, United States)
 Amancio Ortega ($71.3B, Spain)
 Mark Zuckerberg ($56.0B, United States)
 Carlos Slim ($54.5B, Mexico)
 Larry Ellison ($52.2B, United States)
 Charles Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 David Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 Michael Bloomberg ($47.5B, United States)












v
t
e


Wealthiest people in the United States by state







AL
Jimmy Rane


AK
Leonard Hyde and Jonathan Rubini


AZ
Bruce Halle


AR
Jim Walton


CA
Mark Zuckerberg


CO
Charlie Ergen


CT
Ray Dalio


DE
Robert W. Gore and Elizabeth Snyder


FL
Thomas Peterffy


GA
Jim Kennedy


HI
Pierre Omidyar


ID
Frank L. VanderSloot


IL
Kenneth C. Griffin


IN
Carl Cook


IA
Harry Stine


KS
Charles Koch


KY
B. Wayne Hughes


LA
Tom Benson


ME
Bill and Susan Alfond


MD
Ted Lerner


MA
Abigail Johnson


MI
Dan Gilbert


MN
Whitney MacMillan


MS
Leslie Lampton


MO
Stan Kroenke


MT
Dennis Washington


NE
Warren Buffett


NV
Sheldon Adelson


NH
Andrea Reimann-Ciardelli


NJ
Donald Newhouse


NM
Mack C. Chase


NY
Michael Bloomberg


NC
James Goodnight


ND
Gary Tharaldson


OH
Les Wexner


OK
Harold Hamm


OR
Phil Knight


PA
Mary Alice Dorrance Malone


RI
Jonathan M. Nelson


SC
Anita Zucker


SD
T. Denny Sanford


TN
Thomas F. Frist Jr.


TX
Alice Walton


UT
Gail Miller


VT
John Abele


VA
Jacqueline Mars


WA
Bill Gates


WV
Jim Justice


WI
John Menard Jr.


WY
John Mars









Biography portal
Internet portal
United States portal





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 101338851
LCCN: n2009022154
ISNI: 0000 0001 1478 8765
GND: 139618171
SUDOC: 143320165
BNF: cb16182911f (data)
BIBSYS: 10033777
NDL: 01235319










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mark_Zuckerberg&oldid=792644760"					
Categories: 1984 births21st-century American businesspeopleAmerican billionairesAmerican chairmen of corporationsAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican computer programmersAmerican Internet celebritiesAmerican JewsAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican technology company foundersBusinesspeople from New YorkBusinesspeople from the San Francisco Bay AreaDirectors of FacebookFacebook employeesLiving peopleNerd culturePeople from Dobbs Ferry, New YorkPeople from Palo Alto, CaliforniaPeople from White Plains, New YorkPhillips Exeter Academy alumniPeople with color blindnessLife extensionistsGiving PledgersHidden categories: CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected biographies of living peopleUse American English from March 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from October 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2017Articles with unsourced statements from February 2016Wikipedia articles needing clarification from May 2014Articles containing Chinese-language textWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with BIBSYS identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎BislamaБългарскиBoarischBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalegoગુજરાતી한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡKapampanganქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliKurdîКыргызчаLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiमराठीმარგალურიمصرىBahasa MelayuМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanଓଡ଼ିଆOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیភាសាខ្មែរPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitతెలుగుTetunไทยТоҷикӣTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray粵語Zazaki中文डोटेली 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 19:09.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 

















Mark Zuckerberg: Product Development at Facebook | Stanford eCorner















































×
Sign in to eCorner




Sorry, you need to be signed on to use this feature. Don't have an eCorner account? Sign up now!




Email





Password







 Remember Me




Forgot password?





Sign in




or




 Sign in with Google




Don't have an eCorner account? 
                            
Sign up now.










×
Create an eCorner account




With an eCorner account, you can build and share playlists and receive updates on the latest eCorner content.




First Name*



Last Name*





Email*





Create a password*



Confirm password*





Select your profile*


Entrepreneur
University Student
University Faculty
University Staff
Industry - Engineering & Science
Industry - Business
Venture Capital
Law & Accounting
Foundation
Other





We suppose you're not a robot*
                              	






Sign Up




or




 Sign Up with Google












×
Welcome to the new Stanford eCorner! 
Same great content, with a brand new experience.










Enjoy thousands of videos, podcasts and articles on entrepreneurship and innovation topics.
Responsive design for improved viewing, search, and filtering on all devices.
Sign-up for an account to curate and embed playlists of your favorite media.





Please share your feedback. We would love to know about your experience!


















Product Development at Facebook

		       
			        Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook







 Share





×
 Share this video




Social








Link





Embed









 Add to collection
 Like









Loading video...








Mark Zuckerberg, founder of TheFacebook, gives an example to demonstrate product development and experience at Facebook and talks about how their product has evolved with the company.


Oct 26, 2005
 Download Transcript










More from this event












Team Dynamics

									Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook

4
									min













Hiring the Right People

									Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook

2
									min













Generating Revenue

									Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook

2
									min













Entrepreneurial Skills Learned

									Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook

2
									min













Listening Skills in an Entrepreneur

									Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook

2
									min













Investing in New Ideas

									Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook

1
									min













Free Time Fosters Free Thinking

									Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook

3
									min













Challenges Going Forward

									Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook

3
									min









Load More












4 min

Team Dynamics

								Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook












2 min

Hiring the Right People

								Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook












2 min

Generating Revenue

								Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook












2 min

Entrepreneurial Skills Learned

								Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook














2 min

Listening Skills in an Entrepreneur

								Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook












1 min

Investing in New Ideas

								Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook












3 min

Free Time Fosters Free Thinking

								Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook












3 min

Challenges Going Forward

								Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook











 
  











More on this topic












Joining the Software Revolution

									John Lilly, Greylock Partners

3
									min













Igniting the Foundry Industry

									Morris Chang, Taiwan Semiconductor

6
									min













Impact Will Keep You Motivated [Entire Talk]

									Ron Gutman, HealthTap

55
									min













Allocating capital for new products

									Nick Earl, Electronic Arts; Arcadia Kim, Electronic Arts; Erin Turner, Electronic Arts

2
									min













Aim for Usefulness Optimization

									Elon Musk, SpaceX

2
									min













Finding Your Way as an Entrepreneur [Entire Talk]

									Drew Houston, Dropbox

58
									min













Opportunities Abound in the Big Data Space [Entire Talk]

									Mike Olson, Cloudera

59
									min













Dare to Do Legendary Things [Entire Talk]

									Mike Maples Jr., Floodgate

57
									min













Emerging Long Waves of Research and Industry

									Erik Straser, Mohr Davidow Ventures

5
									min













Break Down Walls

									Tim Draper, Draper Fisher Jurvetson

2
									min













Transforming Customers and Businesses

									Tim O'Reilly, O'Reilly Media

5
									min













The Accidental Entrepreneur: Palm History

									Jeff Hawkins, Numenta

1
									min









Load More












3 min

Joining the Software Revolution

								John Lilly, Greylock Partners












6 min

Igniting the Foundry Industry

								Morris Chang, Taiwan Semiconductor












55 min

Impact Will Keep You Motivated [Entire Talk]

								Ron Gutman, HealthTap












2 min

Allocating capital for new products

								Nick Earl, Electronic Arts; Arcadia Kim, Electronic Arts; Erin Turner, Electronic Arts














2 min

Aim for Usefulness Optimization

								Elon Musk, SpaceX












58 min

Finding Your Way as an Entrepreneur [Entire Talk]

								Drew Houston, Dropbox












59 min

Opportunities Abound in the Big Data Space [Entire Talk]

								Mike Olson, Cloudera












57 min

Dare to Do Legendary Things [Entire Talk]

								Mike Maples Jr., Floodgate














5 min

Emerging Long Waves of Research and Industry

								Erik Straser, Mohr Davidow Ventures












2 min

Break Down Walls

								Tim Draper, Draper Fisher Jurvetson












5 min

Transforming Customers and Businesses

								Tim O'Reilly, O'Reilly Media












1 min

The Accidental Entrepreneur: Palm History

								Jeff Hawkins, Numenta











 
  













Learn

Videos
Podcasts
Articles
Contributors





About

Team
FAQ
Contact
Terms of Use
Feedback





More











eCorner Newsletter
Subscribe to receive our monthly email of entrepreneurial insights.




Subscribe

























 











Zuckerberg Shirt








Zuckerberg Shirt.
It's grey and it always will be. Get yours now.
Buy now


"I really want to clear my life to make it so that I have to make as few decisions as possibleabout anything except how to best serve this community."— Mark Zuckerberg

Decisions, Decisions, Decisions, …
Steve Jobs is famous for his signature turtleneck shirt by Japanese Designer Issey Miyake. Barack Obama has a reduced set of suits. Why? They try to make as few unnecessary decisions as possible.

    


Brunello Cucinelli
Mark Zuckerberg sources his shirts from Italian fashion designer Brunello Cucinelli. Each shirt costs between 300 and 400 dollars.But they are special orders and are not available for purchase to the general public.
    


From Idea to Replica
Since there is no way to get at original shirts from Mark Zuckerberg we set out to design & produce high quality replicas that are as close to the original as possible.On top of that we are able to deliver them at about 10% of the cost of the original including an eight year warranty.
    




The only Shirt you will ever need
It’s grey and it always will be. One t-shirt to wear every day, in a simple zucker-grey tone to stand out in quality & fit.The Zuckerberg Shirt is available at a price that allows us to use high quality materials and production methods as well as responsible suppliers with true respect for people and the planet. Without compromises.The mercerized combed cotton makes it so soft, your skin will thank you. Get yours for € 40.00 including shipping (within US & Europe).
    


Product Specs


Fabric
100% mercerized combed cotton, Made in Italy (extra soft)


Weight
180g per m² (20% more than industry standard)


Color
zucker-grey tones, melange (sale e pepe)


Stitching
double-stitched with PEGASUS EX3215-03 Serger








Fabric
100% cotton, 100% mercerized, 100% Made in Italy

The mercerisation process is used in high-end cotton products and results in a softer fabric that creates a better feeling experience.Even the color-depth increases significantly and endures over multiple washing cycles. Our fabric is made in italy, to ensure the highest quality standards and to come as close as possible to mark's shirt.










Spinning
Combing instead of carding.

To prepare our Italian fabric for spinning, we use an elaborated method called combing which guarantees a smoother yarn and more aligned fibers than normal combing.










Stitching
Handmade in the EU.

Within the use of modern technology like the “PEGASUS EX3215-03 Serger 2-Needle 5-Thread” in alignment of the fine handcraft of our European textile workers we put things together via double-stitched seams.










Free shipping in the EU & USA
We’re shipping worldwide.We love simplicity. For that very reason we ship our packages for free in the entire European Union and United States of America.










Eight Year Warranty
We love to hear from you.

We believe in the praised quality and durability of our products and guarantee it for up to eight years.A promise entirely rare in the textile industry and usually restricted to luxury goods.










Affordable without Compromise
40€ and still responsibly produced in the EU.

Our philosophy is to spread the idea of simplicity to everyone. Unlike large retail chains we sell directly to you. This allows us to produce a high quality shirt for an affordable price without compromise.




Order Now




















cm



XS
S
M
L
XL
XXL


Chest
43 cm
46 cm
49 cm
52 cm
55 cm
58 cm


Body
68 cm
70 cm
72 cm
74 cm
76 cm
78 cm


Neck
16.5 cm
17 cm
17.5 cm
18 cm
18.5 cm
19 cm


Sleeve
16.5 cm
17.5 cm
18.5 cm
19.5 cm
20.5 cm
21.5 cm


inches



XS
S
M
L
XL
XXL


Chest
16.92"
18.11"
19.29"
20.47"
21.65"
22.83"


Body
26.77"
27.56"
28.45"
29.13"
29.92"
30.71"


Neck
6.50"
6.69"
6.89"
7.09"
7.28"
7.48"


Sleeve
6.50"
6.90"
7.28"
7.68"
8.07"
8.46"


This web store is operated by Klaus Buch and not affiliated with Mark Zuckerberg or Facebook
    100% of the profits generated through shirt sales are donated to the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative













Mark Zuckerberg - Wikipedia




















 







Mark Zuckerberg

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

"Zuckerberg" redirects here. For other people with the surname, see Zuckerberg (name).


Mark Zuckerberg



Zuckerberg in 2014



Born
Mark Elliot Zuckerberg
(1984-05-14) May 14, 1984 (age 33)[1]
White Plains, New York, U.S.


Residence
Palo Alto, California, U.S.


Occupation
Computer programmer, Internet entrepreneur


Years active
2004–present


Known for
Co-founder of Facebook


Home town
Dobbs Ferry, New York, U.S.


Salary
One-dollar salary[2]


Net worth
US$63.7 billion (June 2017)[3]


Title
Chairman and CEO of Facebook


Spouse(s)
Priscilla Chan (m. 2012)


Children
1


Relatives
Randi Zuckerberg (sister)


Website
facebook.com/zuck


Signature





Mark Elliot Zuckerberg (born May 14, 1984) is an American computer programmer and Internet entrepreneur. He is a co-founder of Facebook, and currently operates as its chairman and chief executive officer.[4][5] His net worth is estimated to be US$63.3 billion as of May 2017, and he is ranked by Forbes as the fifth richest person in the world.[6][7]
Zuckerberg launched Facebook from his Harvard University dormitory room on February 4, 2004. He was assisted by his college roommates and fellow Harvard students Eduardo Saverin, Andrew McCollum, Dustin Moskovitz, and Chris Hughes.[8] The group then introduced Facebook to other college campuses. Facebook expanded rapidly, reaching one billion users by 2012. Meanwhile, Zuckerberg was involved in various legal disputes brought by others in the group, who claimed a share of the company based upon their involvement during the development phase of Facebook.
In December 2012, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan announced that over the course of their lives they would give the majority of their wealth to "advancing human potential and promoting equality" in the spirit of The Giving Pledge.[9] On December 1, 2015, they announced they would eventually give 99 percent of their Facebook shares (worth about US$45 billion at the time) to the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative.[10][11]
Since 2010, Time magazine has named Zuckerberg among the 100 wealthiest and most influential people in the world as a part of its Person of the Year award.[12][13][14] In December 2016, Zuckerberg was ranked 10th on Forbes list of The World's Most Powerful People.[15]



Contents


1 Early life
2 Software developer

2.1 Early years
2.2 College years


3 Career

3.1 Facebook
3.2 Wirehog
3.3 Platform, Beacon, and Connect
3.4 Internet.org
3.5 Legal controversies

3.5.1 ConnectU lawsuits
3.5.2 Saverin lawsuit
3.5.3 Pakistan criminal investigation
3.5.4 Paul Ceglia
3.5.5 Palestinian terror attacks
3.5.6 Hawaiian land ownership




4 Depictions in media

4.1 The Social Network

4.1.1 Disputed accuracy


4.2 Other depictions


5 Philanthropy
6 Politics
7 Personal life
8 See also
9 References
10 External links



Early life

External video




 Mark Zuckerberg's career in 90 seconds, The Daily Telegraph[16]


Zuckerberg was born in 1984 in White Plains, New York.[17] He is the son of Karen (née Kempner), a psychiatrist, and Edward Zuckerberg, a dentist.[18] His ancestors came from Germany, Austria and Poland.[19] He and his three sisters, Randi, Donna, and Arielle, were brought up in Dobbs Ferry, New York, a small Westchester County village about 21 miles north of Midtown Manhattan.[20] Zuckerberg was raised Jewish and had his Bar Mitzvah when he turned 13.[21]
At Ardsley High School, Zuckerberg excelled in classes. He transferred to the exclusive private school Phillips Exeter Academy, in New Hampshire, in his junior year, where he won prizes in science (math, astronomy, and physics) and classical studies. In his youth, he also attended the Johns Hopkins Center for Talented Youth summer camp. On his college application, Zuckerberg claimed that he could read and write French, Hebrew, Latin, and ancient Greek. He was captain of the fencing team.[22][23][24]
Software developer
Early years
Zuckerberg began using computers and writing software in middle school. His father taught him Atari BASIC Programming in the 1990s, and later hired software developer David Newman to tutor him privately. Newman calls him a "prodigy", adding that it was "tough to stay ahead of him". Zuckerberg took a graduate course in the subject at Mercy College near his home while still in high school. He enjoyed developing computer programs, especially communication tools and games. In one program, since his father's dental practice was operated from their home, he built a software program he called "ZuckNet" that allowed all the computers between the house and dental office to communicate with each other. It is considered a "primitive" version of AOL's Instant Messenger, which came out the following year.[25][26]
According to writer Jose Antonio Vargas, "some kids played computer games. Mark created them." Zuckerberg himself recalls this period: "I had a bunch of friends who were artists. They'd come over, draw stuff, and I'd build a game out of it." However, notes Vargas, Zuckerberg was not a typical "geek-klutz", as he later became captain of his prep school fencing team and earned a classics diploma. Napster co-founder Sean Parker, a close friend, notes that Zuckerberg was "really into Greek odysseys and all that stuff", recalling how he once quoted lines from the Roman epic poem Aeneid, by Virgil, during a Facebook product conference.[20]
During Zuckerberg's high school years, he worked under the company name Intelligent Media Group to build a music player called the Synapse Media Player. The device used machine learning to learn the user's listening habits, which was posted to Slashdot[27] and received a rating of 3 out of 5 from PC Magazine.[28]
College years
Vargas noted that by the time Zuckerberg began classes at Harvard, he had already achieved a "reputation as a programming prodigy". He studied psychology and computer science and belonged to Alpha Epsilon Pi and Kirkland House.[12][20][29] In his sophomore year, he wrote a program that he called CourseMatch, which allowed users to make class selection decisions based on the choices of other students and also to help them form study groups. A short time later, he created a different program he initially called Facemash that let students select the best looking person from a choice of photos. According to Arie Hasit, Zuckerberg's roommate at the time, "he built the site for fun". Hasit explains:

We had books called Face Books, which included the names and pictures of everyone who lived in the student dorms. At first, he built a site and placed two pictures, or pictures of two males and two females. Visitors to the site had to choose who was "hotter" and according to the votes there would be a ranking.[30]

The site went up over a weekend, but by Monday morning, the college shut it down, because its popularity had overwhelmed one of Harvard's network switches and prevented students from accessing the Internet. In addition, many students complained that their photos were being used without permission. Zuckerberg apologized publicly, and the student paper ran articles stating that his site was "completely improper."[30]
The following semester, in January 2004, Zuckerberg began writing code for a new Web site.[31] On February 4, 2004, Zuckerberg launched "Thefacebook", originally located at thefacebook.com.[32]
Six days after the site launched, three Harvard seniors, Cameron Winklevoss, Tyler Winklevoss, and Divya Narendra, accused Zuckerberg of intentionally misleading them into believing he would help them build a social network called HarvardConnection.com, while he was instead using their ideas to build a competing product.[33] The three complained to The Harvard Crimson, and the newspaper began an investigation in response.[citation needed]
Following the official launch of the Facebook social media platform, the three filed a lawsuit against Zuckerberg that resulted in a settlement.[34] The agreed settlement was for 1.2 million Facebook shares that were worth US$300 million at Facebook's IPO.[35]
Zuckerberg dropped out of Harvard in his sophomore year to complete his project.[36] In January 2014, he recalled:

I remember really vividly, you know, having pizza with my friends a day or two after—I opened up the first version of Facebook at the time I thought, "You know, someone needs to build a service like this for the world." But I just never thought that we'd be the ones to help do it. And I think a lot of what it comes down to is we just cared more.[37]

Zuckerberg later received an honorary degree from Harvard on 28 May 2017.[38][39]
Career




Zuckerberg listening to President Barack Obama before a private meeting where Obama dined with technology business leaders in Woodside, California, February 17, 2011.


Facebook
Main articles: Facebook and History of Facebook
On February 4, 2004, Zuckerberg launched Facebook from his Harvard dormitory room.[40][41] An earlier inspiration for Facebook may have come from Phillips Exeter Academy, the prep school from which Zuckerberg graduated in 2002. It published its own student directory, "The Photo Address Book", which students referred to as "The Facebook". Such photo directories were an important part of the student social experience at many private schools. With them, students were able to list attributes such as their class years, their friends, and their telephone numbers.[40]
Once at college, Zuckerberg's Facebook started off as just a "Harvard thing" until Zuckerberg decided to spread it to other schools, enlisting the help of roommate Dustin Moskovitz. They began with Columbia University, New York University, Stanford, Dartmouth, Cornell, University of Pennsylvania, Brown, and Yale.[42] Samyr Laine, a triple jumper representing Haiti at the 2012 Summer Olympics, shared a room with Zuckerberg during Facebook's founding. "Mark was clearly on to great things," said Laine, who was Facebook's fourteenth user.[43]
Zuckerberg, Moskovitz and some friends moved to Palo Alto, California in Silicon Valley where they leased a small house that served as an office. Over the summer, Zuckerberg met Peter Thiel, who invested in the company. They got their first office in mid-2004. According to Zuckerberg, the group planned to return to Harvard, but eventually decided to remain in California.[44][45] They had already turned down offers by major corporations to buy the company. In an interview in 2007, Zuckerberg explained his reasoning: "It's not because of the amount of money. For me and my colleagues, the most important thing is that we create an open information flow for people. Having media corporations owned by conglomerates is just not an attractive idea to me."[41]
He restated these goals to Wired magazine in 2010: "The thing I really care about is the mission, making the world open."[46] Earlier, in April 2009, Zuckerberg sought the advice of former Netscape CFO Peter Currie about financing strategies for Facebook.[47] On July 21, 2010, Zuckerberg reported that the company reached the 500 million-user mark.[48] When asked whether Facebook could earn more income from advertising as a result of its phenomenal growth, he explained:

I guess we could ... If you look at how much of our page is taken up with ads compared to the average search query. The average for us is a little less than 10 percent of the pages and the average for search is about 20 percent taken up with ads ... That's the simplest thing we could do. But we aren't like that. We make enough money. Right, I mean, we are keeping things running; we are growing at the rate we want to.[46]

In 2010, Steven Levy, who wrote the 1984 book Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution, wrote that Zuckerberg "clearly thinks of himself as a hacker". Zuckerberg said that "it's OK to break things" "to make them better".[49][50] Facebook instituted "hackathons" held every six to eight weeks where participants would have one night to conceive of and complete a project.[49] The company provided music, food, and beer at the hackathons, and many Facebook staff members, including Zuckerberg, regularly attended.[50] "The idea is that you can build something really good in a night", Zuckerberg told Levy. "And that's part of the personality of Facebook now ... It's definitely very core to my personality."[49]
Vanity Fair magazine named Zuckerberg number 1 on its 2010 list of the Top 100 "most influential people of the Information Age".[51] Zuckerberg ranked number 23 on the Vanity Fair 100 list in 2009.[52] In 2010, Zuckerberg was chosen as number 16 in New Statesman's annual survey of the world's 50 most influential figures.[53]
In a 2011 interview with PBS shortly after the death of Steve Jobs, Zuckerberg said that Jobs had advised him on how to create a management team at Facebook that was "focused on building as high quality and good things as you are".[54]
On October 1, 2012, Zuckerberg visited Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev in Moscow to stimulate social media innovation in Russia and to boost Facebook's position in the Russian market.[55] Russia's communications minister tweeted that Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev urged the social media giant's founder to abandon plans to lure away Russian programmers and instead consider opening a research center in Moscow. In 2012, Facebook had roughly 9 million users in Russia, while domestic clone VK had around 34 million.[56] Rebecca Van Dyck, Facebook's head of consumer marketing, claimed that 85 million American Facebook users were exposed to the first day of the Home promotional campaign on April 6, 2013.[57]
On August 19, 2013, The Washington Post reported that Zuckerberg's Facebook profile was hacked by an unemployed web developer.[58]
At the 2013 TechCrunch Disrupt conference, held in September, Zuckerberg stated that he is working towards registering the 5 billion humans who were not connected to the Internet as of the conference on Facebook. Zuckerberg then explained that this is intertwined with the aim of the Internet.org project, whereby Facebook, with the support of other technology companies, seeks to increase the number of people connected to the internet.[59][60]
Zuckerberg was the keynote speaker at the 2014 Mobile World Congress (MWC), held in Barcelona, Spain, in March 2014, which was attended by 75,000 delegates. Various media sources highlighted the connection between Facebook's focus on mobile technology and Zuckerberg's speech, claiming that mobile represents the future of the company.[61] Zuckerberg's speech expands upon the goal that he raised at the TechCrunch conference in September 2013, whereby he is working towards expanding Internet coverage into developing countries.[62]
Alongside other American technology figures like Jeff Bezos and Tim Cook, Zuckerberg hosted visiting Chinese politician Lu Wei, known as the "Internet czar" for his influence in the enforcement of China's online policy, at Facebook's headquarters on December 8, 2014. The meeting occurred after Zuckerberg participated in a Q&A session at Tsinghua University in Beijing, China, on October 23, 2014, where he attempted to converse in Mandarin Chinese; although Facebook is banned in China, Zuckerberg is highly regarded among the people and was at the university to help fuel the nation's burgeoning entrepreneur sector.[63]
Zuckerberg fielded questions during a live Q&A session at the company's headquarters in Menlo Park on December 11, 2014. The founder and CEO explained that he does not believe Facebook is a waste of time, because it facilitates social engagement, and participating in a public session was so that he could "learn how to better serve the community".[64][65]
Zuckerberg receives a one-dollar salary as CEO of Facebook.[2] On December 3, 2016, Forbes reported Facebook shares had declined 7% since November 8, 2016, reducing Zuckerberg's net worth by $3.7 billion.[66] In June 2016, Business Insider named Zuckerberg one of the "Top 10 Business Visionaries Creating Value for the World" along with Elon Musk and Sal Khan, due to the fact that he and his wife "pledged to give away 99% of their wealth — which is estimated at over $52.1 billion."[67]
Wirehog
Main article: Wirehog
A month after Zuckerberg launched Facebook in February 2004, i2hub, another campus-only service, created by Wayne Chang, was launched. i2hub focused on peer-to-peer file sharing. At the time, both i2hub and Facebook were gaining the attention of the press and growing rapidly in users and publicity. In August 2004, Zuckerberg, Andrew McCollum, Adam D'Angelo, and Sean Parker launched a competing peer-to-peer file sharing service called Wirehog, a precursor to Facebook Platform applications.[68][69]
Platform, Beacon, and Connect




Zuckerberg at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland (January 2009).


On May 24, 2007, Zuckerberg announced Facebook Platform, a development platform for programmers to create social applications within Facebook. Within weeks, many applications had been built and some already had millions of users. It grew to more than 800,000 developers around the world building applications for Facebook Platform.[70]
On November 6, 2007, Zuckerberg announced Beacon, a social advertising system that enabled people to share information with their Facebook friends based on their browsing activities on other sites. For example, eBay sellers could let friends know automatically what they have for sale via the Facebook news feed as they listed items for sale. The program came under scrutiny because of privacy concerns from groups and individual users. Zuckerberg and Facebook failed to respond to the concerns quickly, and on December 5, 2007, Zuckerberg wrote a blog post on Facebook,[71] taking responsibility for the concerns about Beacon and offering an easier way for users to opt out of the service.
In 2007, Zuckerberg was added to MIT Technology Review's TR35 list as one of the top 35 innovators in the world under the age of 35.[72] On July 23, 2008, Zuckerberg announced Facebook Connect, a version of Facebook Platform for users.[citation needed]
Internet.org
In a public Facebook post, Zuckerberg launched the Internet.org project in late August 2013. Zuckerberg explained that the primary aim of the initiative is to provide Internet access to the 5 billion people who are not connected as of the launch date. Using a three-tier strategy, Internet.org will also create new jobs and open up new markets, according to Zuckerberg. He stated in his post:

The world economy is going through a massive transition right now. The knowledge economy is the future. By bringing everyone online, we'll not only improve billions of lives, but we'll also improve our own as we benefit from the ideas and productivity they contribute to the world. Giving everyone the opportunity to connect is the foundation for enabling the knowledge economy. It is not the only thing we need to do, but it's a fundamental and necessary step.[60]

To stay proven on the efforts of bringing in the concept of net neutrality, Mark Zuckerberg met Narendra Modi, Satya Nadella and Sundar Pichai at the Silicon Valley, to discuss on how to effectively establish affordable internet access to the less developed countries.[73] As a token of initiation, Mark Zuckerberg changed his Facebook profile picture to extend his support to the Digital India to help the rural communities to stay connected to the internet.[74]
Legal controversies
Main article: Criticism of Facebook
ConnectU lawsuits
Main article: ConnectU
Harvard students Cameron Winklevoss, Tyler Winklevoss, and Divya Narendra accused Zuckerberg of intentionally making them believe he would help them build a social network called HarvardConnection.com (later called ConnectU).[75] They filed a lawsuit in 2004, but it was dismissed on a technicality on March 28, 2007. It was refiled soon thereafter in federal court in Boston. Facebook countersued in regards to Social Butterfly, a project put out by The Winklevoss Chang Group, an alleged partnership between ConnectU and i2hub. On June 25, 2008, the case settled and Facebook agreed to transfer over 1.2 million common shares and pay $20 million in cash.[76]
In November 2007, confidential court documents were posted on the website of 02138, a magazine that catered to Harvard alumni. They included Zuckerberg's Social Security number, his parents' home address, and his girlfriend's address. Facebook filed to have the documents removed, but the judge ruled in favor of 02138.[77]
Saverin lawsuit
A lawsuit filed by Eduardo Saverin against Facebook and Zuckerberg was settled out of court. Though terms of the settlement were sealed, the company affirmed Saverin's title as co-founder of Facebook. Saverin signed a non-disclosure contract after the settlement.[78]
Pakistan criminal investigation
In June 2010, Pakistani Deputy Attorney General Muhammad Azhar Sidiqque launched a criminal investigation into Zuckerberg and Facebook co-founders Dustin Moskovitz and Chris Hughes after a "Draw Muhammad" contest was hosted on Facebook. The investigation named the anonymous German woman who created the contest. Sidiqque asked the country's police to contact Interpol to have Zuckerberg and the three others arrested for blasphemy. On May 19, 2010, Facebook's website was temporarily blocked in Pakistan until Facebook removed the contest from its website at the end of May. Sidiqque also asked its UN representative to raise the issue with the United Nations General Assembly.[79][80]
Paul Ceglia
Main article: Paul Ceglia
In June 2010, Paul Ceglia, the owner of a wood pellet fuel company in Allegany County, upstate New York, filed suit against Zuckerberg, claiming 84 percent ownership of Facebook and seeking monetary damages. According to Ceglia, he and Zuckerberg signed a contract on April 28, 2003, that an initial fee of $1,000 entitled Ceglia to 50% of the website's revenue, as well as an additional 1% interest in the business per day after January 1, 2004, until website completion. Zuckerberg was developing other projects at the time, among which was Facemash, the predecessor of Facebook, but did not register the domain name thefacebook.com until January 1, 2004. Facebook management dismissed the lawsuit as "completely frivolous". Facebook spokesman Barry Schnitt told a reporter that Ceglia's counsel had unsuccessfully sought an out-of-court settlement.[81][82]
On October 26, 2012, federal authorities arrested Ceglia, charging him with mail and wire fraud and of "tampering with, destroying and fabricating evidence in a scheme to defraud the Facebook founder of billions of dollars." Ceglia is accused of fabricating emails to make it appear that he and Zuckerberg discussed details about an early version of Facebook, although after examining their emails, investigators found there was no mention of Facebook in them.[83] Some law firms withdrew from the case before it was initiated and others after Ceglia's arrest.[84][85]
Palestinian terror attacks
On July 2, 2016, Israeli cabinet minister Gilad Erdan accused Zuckerberg of having some responsibility for deadly attacks by Palestinians against Israelis.[86] According to him, the social network was not doing enough to ban posts to its platform that incite violence against Israelis.[87] "Some of the victims' blood is on Zuckerberg's hands", Erdan said.[88]
Hawaiian land ownership
In January 2017, Zuckerberg filed eight "quiet title and partition" lawsuits against hundreds of native Hawaiians to get them to sell their land to him. This land is contained within the 700 acres of land in the Hawaiian island of Kauai that Zuckerberg had purchased in 2014. When he learned that Hawaiian land ownership law differs from that of the other 49 states, he dropped the lawsuits.[89][90]
Depictions in media
The Social Network
Main article: The Social Network
A movie based on Zuckerberg and the founding years of Facebook, The Social Network was released on October 1, 2010, and stars Jesse Eisenberg as Zuckerberg. After Zuckerberg was told about the film, he responded, "I just wished that nobody made a movie of me while I was still alive."[91] Also, after the film's script was leaked on the Internet and it was apparent that the film would not portray Zuckerberg in a wholly positive light, he stated that he wanted to establish himself as a "good guy".[92] The film is based on the book The Accidental Billionaires by Ben Mezrich, which the book's publicist once described as "big juicy fun" rather than "reportage".[93] The film's screenwriter Aaron Sorkin told New York magazine, "I don't want my fidelity to be the truth; I want it to be storytelling", adding, "What is the big deal about accuracy purely for accuracy's sake, and can we not have the true be the enemy of the good?"[94]
Upon winning the Golden Globe Award for Best Picture on January 16, 2011, producer Scott Rudin thanked Facebook and Zuckerberg "for his willingness to allow us to use his life and work as a metaphor through which to tell a story about communication and the way we relate to each other.”[95] Sorkin, who won for Best Screenplay, retracted some of the impressions given in his script:[96]

"I wanted to say to Mark Zuckerberg tonight, if you're watching, Rooney Mara's character makes a prediction at the beginning of the movie. She was wrong. You turned out to be a great entrepreneur, a visionary, and an incredible altruist."

On January 29, 2011, Zuckerberg made a surprise guest appearance on Saturday Night Live, which was being hosted by Jesse Eisenberg. They both said it was the first time they ever met.[97] Eisenberg asked Zuckerberg, who had been critical of his portrayal by the film, what he thought of the movie. Zuckerberg replied, "It was interesting."[98] In a subsequent interview about their meeting, Eisenberg explains that he was "nervous to meet him, because I had spent now, a year and a half thinking about him ..." He adds, "Mark has been so gracious about something that’s really so uncomfortable ... The fact that he would do SNL and make fun of the situation is so sweet and so generous. It’s the best possible way to handle something that, I think, could otherwise be very uncomfortable."[99][100]
Disputed accuracy
Jeff Jarvis, author of the book Public Parts, interviewed Zuckerberg and believes Sorkin made up too much of the story. He states, "That's what the internet is accused of doing, making stuff up, not caring about the facts."[101]
According to David Kirkpatrick, former technology editor at Fortune magazine and author of The Facebook Effect:The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World, (2011),[102] "the film is only "40% true ... he is not snide and sarcastic in a cruel way, the way Zuckerberg is played in the movie." He says that "a lot of the factual incidents are accurate, but many are distorted and the overall impression is false", and concludes that primarily "his motivations were to try and come up with a new way to share information on the Internet".[101]
Although the film portrays Zuckerberg's creation of Facebook in order to elevate his stature after not getting into any of the elite final clubs at Harvard, Zuckerberg said he had no interest in joining the clubs.[20] Kirkpatrick agrees that the impression implied by the film is "false". Karel Baloun, a former senior engineer at Facebook, notes that the "image of Zuckerberg as a socially inept nerd is overstated ... It is fiction ..." He likewise dismisses the film's assertion that he "would deliberately betray a friend".[101]
Other depictions
Zuckerberg voiced himself on an episode of The Simpsons titled "Loan-a Lisa", which first aired on October 3, 2010. In the episode, Lisa Simpson and her friend Nelson encounter Zuckerberg at an entrepreneurs' convention. Zuckerberg tells Lisa that she does not need to graduate from college to be wildly successful, referencing Bill Gates and Richard Branson as examples.[103]
On October 9, 2010, Saturday Night Live lampooned Zuckerberg and Facebook.[104] Andy Samberg played Zuckerberg. The real Zuckerberg was reported to have been amused: "I thought this was funny."[105]
Stephen Colbert awarded a "Medal of Fear" to Zuckerberg at the Rally to Restore Sanity and/or Fear on October 30, 2010, "because he values his privacy much more than he values yours".[106]
Zuckerberg appears in the climax of the documentary film Terms and Conditions May Apply.[107][108][109]
Philanthropy
See also: Chan Zuckerberg Initiative




Chan and Zuckerberg in Prague (2013)


Zuckerberg donated an undisclosed amount to Diaspora, an open-source personal Web server that implements a distributed social networking service. He called it a "cool idea".[46]
Zuckerberg founded the Start-up: Education foundation.[110][111] On September 22, 2010, it was reported that Zuckerberg had donated $100 million to Newark Public Schools, the public school system of Newark, New Jersey.[112][113] Critics noted the timing of the donation as being close to the release of The Social Network, which painted a somewhat negative portrait of Zuckerberg.[114] Zuckerberg responded to the criticism, saying, "The thing that I was most sensitive about with the movie timing was, I didn't want the press about The Social Network movie to get conflated with the Newark project. I was thinking about doing this anonymously just so that the two things could be kept separate."[115] Newark Mayor Cory Booker stated that he and New Jersey Governor Chris Christie had to convince Zuckerberg's team not to make the donation anonymously.[115] The money was largely wasted, according to journalist Dale Russakoff.[116][117]
On December 9, 2010, Zuckerberg, Bill Gates, and investor Warren Buffett signed "The Giving Pledge", in which they promised to donate to charity at least half of their wealth over the course of time, and invited others among the wealthy to donate 50 percent or more of their wealth to charity.[118]
On December 19, 2013, Zuckerberg announced a donation of 18 million Facebook shares to the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, to be executed by the end of the month—based on Facebook's valuation as of then, the shares totaled $990 million in value. On December 31, 2013, the donation was recognized as the largest charitable gift on public record for 2013.[119] The Chronicle of Philanthropy placed Zuckerberg and his wife at the top of the magazine's annual list of 50 most generous Americans for 2013, having donated roughly $1 billion to charity.[120]
In October 2014, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan donated US$25 million to combat the Ebola virus disease, specifically the West African Ebola virus epidemic.[121][122]
On December 1, 2015, Zuckerberg and Chan announced the birth of their daughter Max, and in an open letter to Max, they pledged to donate 99 percent of their Facebook shares, then valued at US$45 billion, to the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, their new organization that will focus on health and education. The donation will not be given immediately, but over the course of their lives.[123][124] However, instead of forming a charitable corporation to donate the value of the stock to, as Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, Larry Page, Sergey Brin and other tech billionaires have done, Zuckerberg and Chan chose to use the structure of a limited liability company. This has drawn criticism from a number of journalists.[125][126][127][128] Chan and Zuckerberg also signed The Giving Pledge.[129]
Politics
In 2002, Zuckerberg registered to vote in Westchester County, New York, where he grew up, but did not cast a ballot until November 2008. Santa Clara County Registrar of Voters Spokeswoman, Elma Rosas, told Bloomberg that Zuckerberg is listed as "no preference" on voter rolls, and he voted in the past two general elections, in 2008 and 2012.[130][131]
Zuckerberg has never revealed his own political views: some consider him a conservative,[132][133] while others consider him liberal.[134]
On February 13, 2013, Zuckerberg hosted his first ever fundraising event for New Jersey Governor Chris Christie. Zuckerberg's particular interest on this occasion was education reform, and Christie's education reform work focused on teachers unions and the expansion of charter schools.[135][136] Later that year, Zuckerberg hosted a campaign fundraiser for Newark mayor Cory Booker, who was running in the 2013 New Jersey special Senate election.[137] In September 2010, with the support of Governor Chris Christie, Booker obtained a US$100 million pledge from Zuckerberg to Newark Public Schools.[138] In December 2012, Zuckerberg donated 18 million shares to the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, a community organization that includes education in its list of grant-making areas.[139][140]
On April 11, 2013, Zuckerberg led the launch of a 501(c)(4) lobbying group called FWD.us. The founders and contributors to the group were primarily Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and investors, and its president was Joe Green, a close friend of Zuckerberg.[141][142][143][144] The goals of the group include immigration reform, improving the state of education in the United States, and enabling more technological breakthroughs that benefit the public,[145][146] yet it has also been criticized for financing ads advocating a variety of oil and gas development initiatives, including drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and the Keystone XL pipeline.[147] In 2013, numerous liberal and progressive groups, such as The League of Conservation Voters, MoveOn.org, the Sierra Club, Democracy for America, CREDO, Daily Kos, 350.org, and Presente and Progressives United agreed to either pull their Facebook ad buys or not buy Facebook ads for at least two weeks, in protest of Zuckerberg ads funded by FWD.us that were in support of oil drilling and the Keystone XL pipeline, and in opposition to Obamacare among Republican United States senators who back immigration reform.[clarification needed][148]
A media report on June 20, 2013 revealed that Zuckerberg actively engaged with Facebook users on his own profile page after the online publication of a FWD.us video. In response to a claim that the FWD.us organization is "just about tech wanting to hire more people", the Internet entrepreneur replied: "The bigger problem we’re trying to address is ensuring the 11 million undocumented folks living in this country now and similar folks in the future are treated fairly."[149]
In June 2013, Zuckerberg joined Facebook employees in a company float as part of the annual San Francisco Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Pride Celebration. The company first participated in the event in 2011, with 70 employees, and this number increased to 700 for the 2013 march. The 2013 pride celebration was especially significant, as it followed a U.S. Supreme Court ruling that deemed the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) unconstitutional.[150][151]
When questioned about the mid-2013 PRISM scandal at the TechCrunch Disrupt conference in September 2013, Zuckerberg stated that the U.S. government "blew it." He further explained that the government performed poorly in regard to the protection of the freedoms of its citizens, the economy, and companies.[59]
Zuckerberg placed a statement on his Facebook wall on December 9, 2015 which said that he wants "to add my voice in support of Muslims in our community and around the world" in response to the aftermath of the November 2015 Paris attacks and the 2015 San Bernardino attack.[152][153][154][155] The statement also said that Muslims are "always welcome" on Facebook, and that his position was a result of the fact that "as a Jew, my parents taught me that we must stand up against attacks on all communities."[156][157]
On February 24, 2016, Zuckerberg sent out a company-wide internal memo to employees formally rebuking employees who had crossed out handwritten "Black Lives Matter" phrases on the company walls and had written "All Lives Matter" in their place. Facebook allows employees to free-write thoughts and phrases on company walls. The memo was then leaked by several employees. As Zuckerberg had previously condemned this practice at previous company meetings, and other similar requests had been issued by other leaders at Facebook, Zuckerberg wrote in the memo that he would now consider this overwriting practice not only disrespectful, but "malicious as well." According to Zuckerberg's memo, "Black Lives Matter doesn't mean other lives don't -- it's simply asking that the black community also achieves the justice they deserve." The memo also noted that the act of crossing something out in itself, "means silencing speech, or that one person's speech is more important than another's." Zuckerberg also said in the memo that he would be launching investigations into the incidents.[158][159][160] The New York Daily News interviewed Facebook employees who commented anonymously that, "Zuckerberg was genuinely angry about the incident and it really encouraged staff that Zuckerberg showed a clear understanding of why the phrase 'Black Lives Matter' must exist, as well as why writing through it is a form of harassment and erasure." [158]
In January 2017, Zuckerberg criticized Donald Trump’s executive order to severely limit immigrants and refugees from some countries.[161]
Personal life
Zuckerberg met his future wife, fellow student Priscilla Chan, at a fraternity party during his sophomore year at Harvard. They began dating in 2003.[162][163]
In September 2010, Zuckerberg invited Chan, by then a medical student at the University of California, San Francisco,[164] to move into his rented Palo Alto house. Zuckerberg studied Mandarin in preparation for the couple's visit to China in December 2010.[165][166] On May 19, 2012, Zuckerberg and Chan married in Zuckerberg's backyard in an event that also celebrated her graduation from medical school.[167][168][169] On July 31, 2015, Zuckerberg announced that he and Chan were expecting a baby girl. He said he felt confident that the risk of miscarrying was low so far into the pregnancy, after Chan had already suffered three miscarriages.[170] On December 1, Zuckerberg announced the birth of their daughter, Maxima Chan Zuckerberg ("Max").[171][172] The couple announced on their Chinese New Year video, published on February 6, 2016, that Maxima's official Chinese name is Chen Mingyu (Chinese: 陈明宇).[173] In March 2017, he announced that the two are expecting another daughter.[174]
While raised Jewish, Zuckerberg later identified as an atheist,[175][22][176] a position he has since renounced.[177] He has shown an appreciation for Buddhism.[178][179] With regard to Christianity, both Zuckerberg and his wife told Pope Francis in August 2016 "how much we admire his message of mercy and tenderness, and how he's found new ways to communicate with people of every faith around the world."[180][181][182] In December 2016, when asked "Aren't you an atheist?" in response to a Christmas Day post on Facebook, Zuckerberg responded, "No. I was raised Jewish and then I went through a period where I questioned things, but now I believe religion is very important."[177] As he closed his commencement address at Harvard University in May 2017, Zuckerberg shared the Jewish prayer Mi Shebeirach, which he stated he says when he faces challenges in life.[183][184]
See also

Criticism of Facebook
Mark Zuckerberg book club

References


^ Pilkington, Ed (March 10, 2011). "Forbes rich list: Facebook six stake their claims". The Guardian. UK. Retrieved March 30, 2011. 
^ a b "Facebook, Inc. Proxy Statement". United States Security and Exchange Commission. April 26, 2013. p. 31. Retrieved March 30, 2014. On January 1, 2013, Mr. Zuckerberg’s annual base salary was reduced to $1 and he will no longer receive annual bonus compensation under our Bonus Plan. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg - Forbes". Forbes. 
^ Napach, Bernice (July 26, 2013). "Facebook Surges and Mark Zuckerberg Pockets $3.8 Billion". Yahoo! Finance. 
^ Hiltzik, Michael (May 20, 2012). "Facebook shareholders are wedded to the whims of Mark Zuckerberg". Los Angeles Times. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg". Forbes. Retrieved April 19, 2016. 
^ "The World's Billionaires List". Forbes. Retrieved December 12, 2016. 
^ Carlson, Nicholas (March 5, 2010). "At Last – The Full Story Of How Facebook Was Founded". Business Insider. 
^ The Giving Pledge website, retrieved December 3, 2015
^ BBC News. The great Facebook giveaway - how will it work?, December 2, 2015
^ http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-34978249
^ a b Grossman, Lev (December 15, 2010). "Person of the Year 2010: Mark Zuckerberg". Time. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg". Forbes. March 2012. Retrieved May 19, 2012. 
^ "The All-Time TIME 100 of All Time". Time. April 18, 2012. Retrieved April 20, 2012. 
^ "The World's Most Powerful People". Forbes. December 2016. Retrieved 14 December 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg's career in 90 seconds". The Daily Telegraph. Retrieved March 3, 2017. 
^ Malone, Jasmine (Dec 15, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg wins Time person of the year: profile". The Daily Telegraph. London. 
^ "The Zuckerbergs of Dobbs Ferry", New York, no. May 14, 2012, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (Jan 27, 2017). "My great grandparents came from Germany, Austria, and Poland.". Facebook. PaloAlto. 
^ a b c d Vargas, Jose Antonio (September 20, 2010). "The Face of Facebook". The New Yorker. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Burrell, Ian (July 24, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg: He's got the whole world on his site". The Independent. UK. Retrieved November 6, 2010. 
^ a b Kirkpatrick, David (2010). The Facebook Effect: The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World. New York: Simon & Schuster. pp. 20–21. ISBN 978-1-4391-0211-4. Retrieved November 9, 2010. 
^ McDevitt, Caitlin (March 5, 2010). "What We Learned About Mark Zuckerberg This Week". The Big Money. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Grynbaum, Michael M. (June 10, 2004). "Mark E. Zuckerberg '06: The whiz behind thefacebook.com". The Harvard Crimson. 
^ "4-thing-mark-zuckerberg". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ "facebook-founder-mark-zuckerberg-child-prodigy". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ Hemos/Dan Moore (April 21, 2003). "Machine Learning and MP3s". Slashdot. Retrieved September 3, 2010. 
^ Dreier, Troy (February 8, 2005). "Synapse Media Player Review". PCMag.com. Retrieved September 3, 2010. 
^ Larson, Chase (March 25, 2011), Mark Zuckerberg speaks at BYU, calls Facebook "as much psychology and sociology as it is technology", Deseret News, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ a b "Facebook founder's roommate recounts creation of Internet giant". Haaretz. Oct 5, 2009. 
^ Hoffman, Claire (June 28, 2008). "The Battle for Facebook". Rolling Stone. New York. Archived from the original on July 3, 2008. Retrieved February 5, 2009. 
^ Seward, Zachary M. (July 25, 2007). "Judge Expresses Skepticism About Facebook Lawsuit". The Wall Street Journal. New York. Retrieved April 30, 2008. 
^ Carlson, Nicolas (March 5, 2010). "In 2004, Mark Zuckerberg Broke Into A Facebook User's Private Email Account". Business Insider. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Stone, Brad (June 28, 2008). "Judge Ends Facebook's Feud With ConnectU". New York Times blog. 
^ Rushe, Dominic (February 2, 2012). "Facebook IPO sees Winklevoss twins heading for $300m fortune". The Guardian. London. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg, Harvard dropout, returns to open arms". CS Monitor. November 9, 2011. 
^ Fell, Jason (14 May 2014). "As Mark Zuckerberg Turns 30, His 10 Best Quotes as CEO". Entrepreneur. Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Retrieved 16 May 2014. 
^ Steinbock, Anna (May 25, 2017). "Harvard awards 10 honorary degrees". Harvard Gazette. Retrieved May 25, 2017. 
^ "13 YEARS AFTER QUITTING, FACEBOOK CEO MARK ZUCKERBERG GETS HONORARY HARVARD DEGREE". PPP Focus. 28 May 2017. 
^ a b Antonas, Steffan (May 10, 2009). "Did Mark Zuckerberg's Inspiration for Facebook Come Before Harvard?". ReadWrite Social. SAY Media, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ a b "Face-to-Face with Mark Zuckerberg '02". Phillips Exeter Academy. Phillips Exeter Academy. January 24, 2007. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^

Holt, Chris (March 10, 2004). "Thefacebook.com's darker side". The Stanford Daily. 
Nguyen, Lananh (April 12, 2004). "Online network created by Harvard students flourishes". The Tufts Daily. College Media Network. Archived from the original on October 15, 2013. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
Rotberg, Emily (April 14, 2004). "Thefacebook.com opens to Duke students". The Chronicle. Duke Student Publishing Company. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
"Students flock to join college online facebook". The Daily Pennsylvanian. Archived from the original on August 25, 2011. 


^ Alice Speri (August 7, 2012). "Zuckerberg's Roomie Aims to Win for Haiti". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Teller, Sam (November 1, 2005). "Zuckerberg To Leave Harvard Indefinitely". The Harvard Crimson. The Harvard Crimson, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ Kevin J. Feeney (February 24, 2005). "Business, Casual.". The Harvard Crimson. The Harvard Crimson, Inc. Retrieved March 26, 2013. 
^ a b c Singel, Ryan (May 28, 2010). "Epicenter: Mark Zuckerberg: I Donated to Open Source, Facebook Competitor". Wired News. Condé Nast Publishing. Retrieved May 29, 2010. 
^ MacMillan, Robert (April 1, 2009). "Yu, Zuckerberg and the Facebook fallout". Reuters. Retrieved March 26, 2013. In a back-to-the-future move, former Netscape CFO Peter Currie will be the key adviser to Facebook about financial matters, until a new search for a CFO is found, sources said. 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (July 22, 2010), 500 Million Stories, The Facebook Blog, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ a b c Levy, Steven (April 19, 2010). "Geek Power: Steven Levy Revisits Tech Titans, Hackers, Idealists". Wired. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ a b McGirt, Ellen (February 17, 2010). "The World's Most Innovative Companies 2010". Fast Company. Retrieved September 24, 2010. 
^ "The Vanity Fair 100". Vanity Fair. October 2010. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "The Vanity Fair 100". Vanity Fair. September 1, 2010. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg – 50 People who matter 2010". New Statesman. UK. Retrieved September 27, 2010. 
^ "Facebook's Zuckerberg says Steve Jobs advised on company focus, management". Bloomberg. November 7, 2011. Retrieved November 12, 2011. 
^ "Zuckerberg in Moscow to boost Facebook's presence". France24.com. October 1, 2012. Archived from the original on October 3, 2012. 
^ "Russia pushes Facebook to open research center". FoxNews. October 1, 2012. 
^ Delo, Cotton (April 16, 2013). "Facebook Practices What It Preaches for 'Home' Ad Blitz". Ad Age digital. Crain Communications. Retrieved April 18, 2013. 
^ Caitlin Dewey (August 19, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg's Facebook page was hacked by an unemployed web developer". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 19, 2013. 
^ a b Edwards, Victoria (September 21, 2013). "6 Things We Learned From Marissa Mayer and Mark Zuckerberg at TechCrunch Disrupt 2013". TechCrunch. AOL Inc. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^ a b Stevenson, Alastair (August 22, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg Creates Tech Justice League to Bring Internet to the Masses". Search Engine Watch. Incisive Media Incisive Interactive Marketing LLC. Retrieved September 23, 2013. 
^

Samuel Gibbs (February 23, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg goes to Barcelona to make mobile friends". The Guardian. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
Sven Grundberg (January 16, 2014). "Facebook's Zuckerberg to Speak at Mobile World Congress". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
Meyer, David (January 16, 2014). "Facebook's Zuckerberg to headline Mobile World Congress this year". Gigaom. Gigaom, Inc. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 


^ Mark Gregory (February 22, 2014). "Mobile World Congress: What to expect from Barcelona". BBC News. Retrieved February 24, 2014. 
^ Alex Hern, Jonathan Kaiman (October 23, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg addresses Chinese university in Mandarin". The Guardian. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Maria Tadeo (December 12, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg Q&A: What we learnt about the Facebook founder". The Independent. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Sam Colt (December 12, 2014). "Facebook May Be Adding a 'Dislike' Button". Inc. Monsueto Ventures. Retrieved December 14, 2014. 
^ Kirsch, Noah (December 3, 2016). "Since Trump's Election, Mark Zuckerberg's Net Worth Has Fallen $3.7 Billion". Forbes.com. Retrieved December 4, 2016. 
^ "The top 10 business visionaries creating value for the world". Business Insider. Business Insider Inc. 
^ Martey Dodoo (August 16, 2004). "Wirehog?". Martey Dodoo. 
^ Alan J. Tabak (August 13, 2004). "Zuckerberg Programs New Website". Harvard Crimson. 
^ "80000 developers". Retrieved April 21, 2016. 
^ "The Facebook Blog | Facebook". Blog.facebook.com. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ "2007 Young Innovators Under 35: Mark Zuckerberg, 23". MIT Technology Review. 2007. Retrieved August 14, 2011. 
^ "Meet at the Silicon Valley among the tech leaders and Indian Prime Minister-Narendra Modi". Retrieved October 9, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg supports Digital India". Retrieved October 9, 2015. 
^ Carlson, Nicholas. "In 2004, Mark Zuckerberg Broke Into A Facebook User's Private Email Account". Silicon Alley Insider. Retrieved March 5, 2010. 
^ Logged in as click here to log out (February 12, 2009). "Facebook paid up to $65m to founder Mark Zuckerberg's ex-classmates". Guardian. UK. Retrieved August 21, 2009. 
^ McCarthy, Caroline (November 30, 2007). "article about 02138". News.com. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ Hempel, Jessi (July 25, 2009). "The book that Facebook doesn't want you to read". CNN Money. Archived from the original on September 14, 2010. Retrieved May 21, 2011. 
^ West, Jackson. "Facebook CEO Named in Pakistan Criminal Investigation". NBC Bay Area. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ "Zuckerberg faces criminal investigation in Pakistan". 
^ Anderson, John (July 29, 2010). "Facebook does not have a like button for Ceglia". WellsvilleDaily.com. Retrieved August 29, 2010. 
^ "Venture beat coverage of Ceglia lawsuit". 
^ "Feds Collar Would-Be Facebook Fraudster". E-Commerce News. October 29, 2012. 
^ "A Dubious Case Found Lawyers Eager to Make Some Money". New York Times. October 29, 2012. 
^ "Paul Ceglia's lawyer drops out of Facebook suit after arrest". San Jose Mercury News. October 30, 2012. 
^ "Israeli minister accused facebook and its founder". Newsweek. Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg is facing claims that Facebook is not helping Israel crack down on terror". Express. Retrieved July 3, 2016. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg has terror victim's 'blood on his hands', Israeli minister says". International Business Times. Retrieved July 4, 2016. 
^ Mark Zuckerberg hits back at 'misleading' claims he is suing Hawaiian landowners, Wired, January 20, 2017
^ "Facebook's Zuckerberg officially drops Hawaii 'quiet title' actions", Pacific Business News, Feb. 26, 2017
^ Fried, Ina (June 2, 2010). "Zuckerberg in the hot seat at D8". CNET. Retrieved June 26, 2010. 
^ Harlow, John (May 16, 2010). "Movie depicts seamy life of Facebook boss". The Times Online. London. Retrieved July 18, 2010. 
^ Cieply, Michael & Helft, Miguel (August 20, 2010). "Facebook Feels Unfriendly Toward Film It Inspired". The New York Times. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Harris, Mark (September 17, 2010). "Inventing Facebook". New York. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ "The Social Network Filmmakers Thank Zuckerberg During Golden Globes". Techland. Time. January 17, 2011. 
^ "Last Night, Aaron Sorkin Demonstrated How to Apologize Without Accepting Responsibility". NYMag. January 17, 2011. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Meets Jesse Eisenberg on Saturday Night Live". People. January 30, 2011. Retrieved January 30, 2011. 
^ "Jesse Eisenberg meets the real Mark Zuckerberg on SNL". Digital Trends. January 31, 2011. 
^ "Jesse Eisenberg Calls Mark Zuckerberg "Sweet" and "Generous" in His Funny Oscar Nominees Lunch Interview" Popsugar, February 7, 2011
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Meets Jesse Eisenberg On The 'Saturday Night Live' Stage" NPR, January 30, 2011
^ a b c Rohrer, Finlo. "Is the Facebook movie the truth about Mark Zuckerberg" BBC, September 30, 2010
^ "The Facebook Effect: The Inside Story of the Company That Is Connecting the World", release date February 1, 2011
^ "Facebook Creator Mark Zuckerberg to Get Yellow on The Simpsons". New York. July 21, 2010. Retrieved September 22, 2010. 
^ Griggs, Brandon (October 11, 2010). "Facebook, Zuckerberg spoofed on 'SNL'". CNN. Retrieved October 11, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg ‘Liked’ SNL’s Facebook Skit". New York. October 12, 2010. Retrieved January 28, 2011. 
^ Lerer, Lisa & McMillan, Traci (October 30, 2010). "Comedy Central's Stewart Says Press, Politicians Are Creating Extremism". Bloomberg. Retrieved November 4, 2010. 
^ Nina Metz Chicago Closeup 9:00 a.m. CDT, July 18, 2013 (July 18, 2013). "Terms and Conditions May Apply". chicagotribune.com. Retrieved May 25, 2014. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ "'Terms and Conditions May Apply' Details Digital-Age Loss of Privacy". New York Times. Retrieved May 25, 2014.  (paid)
^ Hoback, Cullen. "Our data is our digital identity - and we need to reclaim control | Technology". theguardian.com. Retrieved May 25, 2014. 
^ "Mayor Says Newark Is 40% There in Matching Facebook Founder's Grant". The Chronicle of Philanthropy. September 27, 2010. 
^ Ng, Philiana (September 24, 2010). "Mark Zuckerberg: 'The Social Network' is 'fun'". The Hollywood Reporter. 
^ Tracy, Ryan (November 23, 2010). "Can Mark Zuckerberg's Money Save Newark's Schools?". Newsweek. 
^ Reidel, David (September 22, 2010). "Facebook CEO to Gift $100M to Newark Schools". CBS News.com. Retrieved September 23, 2010. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg's Well-Timed $100 million Donation to Newark Public Schools". New York Magazine. September 22, 2010. Retrieved September 28, 2010. 
^ a b Isaac, Mike (September 24, 2010). "Zuckerberg Pressured To Announce $100 million Donation To Newark". Forbes. Retrieved Sep 28, 2010. 
^ https://finance.yahoo.com/news/mark-zuckerbergs-100-million-donation-155608055.html
^ https://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/23/books/review/the-prize-by-dale-russakoff.html
^

Gonzales, Sandra (December 8, 2010). "Zuckerberg to donate wealth". San Jose Mercury News. 
"US billionaires pledge 50% of their wealth to charity". BBC. August 4, 2010. Retrieved September 6, 2010. 
Moss, Rosabeth (December 14, 2010). "Four Strategic Generosity Lessons". Business Week. Retrieved March 9, 2011. 


^

Bailey, Brandon (December 19, 2013). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg makes $1 billion donation". San Jose Mercury News. Retrieved December 20, 2013. 
Sparkes, Matthew (December 19, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg donates $1bn to charity". The Daily Telegraph. London. Retrieved December 20, 2013. 
Wagner, Kurt (January 3, 2014). "Zuckerberg's Other Billion-Dollar Idea: 2013's Biggest Charitable Gift". Mashable. Mashable. Retrieved January 3, 2014. 


^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg biggest giver in 2013". USA Today. February 10, 2014. 
^ Phillip, Abby (October 14, 2014). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and wife Priscilla Chan donate $25 million to Ebola fight". The Washington Post. Retrieved October 25, 2014. 
^ Kroll, Luisa (October 14, 2014). "Mark Zuckerberg Is Giving $25 Million To Fight Ebola". Forbes. Retrieved October 25, 2014. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg Vows to Donate 99% of His Facebook Shares for Charity". The New York Times. December 1, 2015. 
^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg to give away 99% of shares". BBC News Online. December 1, 2015. Retrieved December 1, 2015. 
^ "How Mark Zuckerberg’s Altruism Helps Himself". The New York Times. December 3, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg and the Rise of Philanthrocapitalism". The New Yorker. December 2, 2015. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg’s Philanthropy Uses L.L.C. for More Control". The New York Times. December 2, 2015. 
^ "Why Mark Zuckerberg's huge new donation is going to an LLC rather than a charity". Vox. December 2, 2015. 
^ givingpledge.org/
^ Katharine Mieszkowski  (April 19, 2011). "President Obama's Facebook appearance aimed at young voters; Bay Area visit targets big donors". The Bay Citizen. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ David Cohen (February 14, 2013). "Protestors Target Mark Zuckerberg’s Fundraiser For N.J. Gov. Chris Christie". AllFacebook. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ Ben Branstetter (October 21, 2013). "Conservatives including Mark Zuckerberg, Grover Norquist urge House to pass immigration reform". UPI. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ "Why Mark Zuckerberg is a conservative (and why that matters)". The Daily Dot. October 30, 2013. Retrieved December 23, 2013. 
^ "2013: Year of the Liberal Billionaires". Politico. November 1, 2013. 
^ Julia Boorstin (February 13, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg 'Likes' Governor Chris Christie". CNBC. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Kate Zernike (January 24, 2013). "Facebook Chief to Hold Fund-Raiser for Christie". The New York Times. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Young, Elise (June 8, 2013). "Zuckerberg Plans Fundraiser for Cory Booker’s Senate Run". Bloomberg. Retrieved October 18, 2013. 
^ Christine Richard, "Ackman Cash for Booker Brings $240 Million Aid From Wall Street", Bloomberg, October 28, 2010
^ "Education". Silicon valley Community Foundation. 
^ Cassidy, Mike (February 15, 2013). "Cassidy: Silicon Valley needs to harness its innovative spirit to level the playing field for blacks and Hispanics". The Mercury News. Retrieved April 23, 2013. 
^ Constine, Josh (April 11, 2013). "Zuckerberg And A Team Of Tech All-Stars Launch Political Advocacy Group FWD.us". TechCrunch. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Ferenstein, Gregory (April 11, 2013). "Zuckerberg Launches A Tech Lobby, But What Will It Do Differently?". TechCrunch. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Malik, Om (April 11, 2013). "Why I have issues with Mark Zuckerberg’s FWD.us". Gigaom. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Brian, Matt (April 11, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg launches FWD.us with notable Silicon Valley execs in fight for immigration reform". The Verge. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Zuckerberg, Mark (April 11, 2013). "Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg: Immigration and the knowledge economy". The Washington Post. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ "About Us". FWD.us. Retrieved April 17, 2013. 
^ Handley, Meg (April 30, 2013). "Facebook's Zuckerberg Takes Heat Over Keystone, Drilling Ads". U.S. News & World Report. Archived from the original on May 3, 2013. Retrieved May 3, 2013. 
^ Weiner, Rachel. "Liberal groups boycotting Facebook over immigration push". The Washington Post. Retrieved August 7, 2013. 
^ Constine, Josh (June 20, 2013). "Zuckerberg Replies To His Facebook Commenters’ Questions On Immigration". TechCrunch. Aol Tech. Retrieved June 20, 2013. 
^ Gallagher, Billy (June 30, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg ‘Likes’ SF LGBT Pride As Tech Companies Publicly Celebrate Equal Rights". TechCrunch. AOL Inc. Retrieved July 2, 2013. 
^ Evelyn M. Rusli (June 30, 2013). "Mark Zuckerberg Leads 700 Facebook Employees in SF Gay Pride". Wall Street Journal. Retrieved July 2, 2013. 
^ Emery, Debbie (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Vows to ‘Fight to Protect’ Muslim Rights on Facebook". TheWrap. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ White, Daniel (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Offers Support to Muslims in Facebook Post". Time Magazine. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Griffin, Andrew (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg speaks in support of Muslims after week of ‘hate’". The Guardian. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Cenk Uygur (December 10, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg Stands With Muslims". The Young Turks. Retrieved December 11, 2015. 
^ "Zuckerberg Invokes Jewish Heritage in Facebook Post Supporting Muslims". Haaretz. December 10, 2015. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ Tait, Robert (December 9, 2015). "Mark Zuckerberg voices support for Muslims amid Donald Trump ban row". The Daily Telegraph. Retrieved December 10, 2015. 
^ a b King, Shaun (February 25, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg forced to address racism among Facebook staff after vandals target Black Lives Matter phrases". New York Daily News. Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ Jessica, Guynn (February 25, 2016). "Zuckerberg reprimands Facebook staff defacing 'Black Lives Matter' slogan". USA Today. Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ Snyder, Benjamin (February 25, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Takes Facebook Workers to Task Over "All Lives Matter" Graffiti". Fortune (magazine). Retrieved February 26, 2016. 
^ theguardian.com 28 January 2017: Mark Zuckerberg challenges Trump on immigration and 'extreme vetting' order
^ O'Connor, Clare (May 20, 2012), Mark Zuckerberg's Wife Priscilla Chan: A New Brand of Billionaire Bride, Forbes, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ Status Update: Mark Zuckerberg is married to Priscilla Chan, Techstroke, May 20, 2012, retrieved May 21, 2012 
^ "White Coats on a Rainbow of Students", Spotlight, UCSF School of Medicine. Cf. Priscilla Chan, 23.
^ Spiegel, Rob (December 20, 2010). "Zuckerberg Goes Searching in China". 
^ "Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg learn chinese every morning". ChineseTime.cn. September 29, 2010. 
^ Stein, Joel. "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries sweetheart". Retrieved May 19, 2012. 
^ "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries Priscilla Chan". cbsnews.com. Retrieved May 20, 2012. 
^ Wohlsen, Marcus (May 19, 2012). "Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg marries longtime girlfriend, Priscilla Chan: Palo Alto, Calif., ceremony caps busy week after company goes public". msnbc.com. Associated Press. Retrieved May 20, 2012. 
^ "Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg to become a father". BBC News. BBC. July 31, 2015. Retrieved August 1, 2015. 
^ "The Switch Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan to give away 99 percent of their Facebook stock, worth $45 billion". 
^ "A letter to our daughter". www.facebook.com. Retrieved December 1, 2015. 
^ Kell, John (February 8, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Reveals Daughter's Chinese Name". Fortune.com. Retrieved February 29, 2016. In a pretty adorable video shared by the tech executive over the weekend, Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan said their daughter Max's Chinese name is Chen Mingyu. 
^ Heath, Alex (March 9, 2017). "Mark Zuckerberg and Priscilla Chan are expecting another baby". Business Insider. Retrieved March 9, 2017. 
^ Vara, Vauhini (November 28, 2007). "Just How Much Do We Want to Share On Social Networks?". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ Daniel Alef (October 17, 2010). Mark Zuckerberg: The Face Behind Facebook and Social Networking. Titans of Fortune Publishing. ISBN 9781608043118. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ a b Julie Zauzmer (December 30, 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg says he’s no longer an atheist, believes ‘religion is very important’". The Washington Post. Retrieved December 30, 2016. 
^ "Facebook Is Injecting Buddhism Into Its Core Business So It Can Be More Compassionate". Retrieved June 25, 2013. 
^ "Mark Zuckerberg says "Buddhism is an amazing religion". Retrieved October 27, 2015. 
^ Zauzmer, Julie (29 August 2016). "Pope Francis and Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg had a meeting today - The Washington Post". The Washington Post. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Fox, Emily Jane (29 August 2016). "Mark Zuckerberg Gives the Pope an Unusual Gift". Vanity Fair. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Esteves, Junno Arocho (29 August 2016). "Pope meets with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg". America. Retrieved 7 January 2017. 
^ Bailey, Sarah Pulliam (25 May 2017). "Mark Zuckerberg shares the prayer he says to his daughter every night -". The Washington Post. Retrieved 6 June 2017. Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg gave the commencement address at Harvard University on Thursday, closing his speech by sharing a Jewish prayer called the “Mi Shebeirach,” which he said he recites whenever he faces a big challenge and which he sings to his daughter, thinking of her future, when he tucks her in at night. 
^ Hallowell, Billy (26 May 2017). "After Abandoning Atheism, Facebook Founder Mark Zuckerberg Reveals the Prayer He Sings to His Daughter Every Night Before Bed". Faithwire. Retrieved 6 June 2017. It was during Zuckerberg’s commencement address at Harvard University that he shared a Jewish prayer called the “Mi Shebeirach”— an invocation that he said he recites as he copes with major challenges in life and also when he tucks his child in at night, the Washington Post reported. 


External links



Wikiquote has quotations related to: Mark Zuckerberg





Wikimedia Commons has media related to Mark Zuckerberg.



Mark Zuckerberg on Facebook 
Mark Zuckerberg on IMDb 







v
t
e


Facebook



Website



Features
Beacon
Graph Search
EdgeRank
Platform
Payments
Facebook like button
Facebookcorewwwi.onion
Facebook Live
Facebook Zero
Facebook Stories





Other
products




Current



Instagram

followed users
liked pictures


Messenger
M (virtual assistant)
MSQRD
Oculus Rift
WhatsApp
Workplace





Former



Camera
FriendFeed
Home

HTC First


Paper
Poke (app)
Riff
Slingshot
Wirehog








People




Founders



Mark Zuckerberg (28% equity)
Dustin Moskovitz (7%)
Eduardo Saverin (5%, formerly)
Chris Hughes (1%, formerly)
Andrew McCollum





Board



Mark Zuckerberg
Jim Breyer (11%)
Peter Thiel (2%)
Sheryl Sandberg
Marc Andreessen
Erskine Bowles
Susan Desmond-Hellmann
Donald E. Graham
Reed Hastings





Executive
officers




Current



Mark Zuckerberg (Chairman and CEO)
Sheryl Sandberg (COO)
David Wehner (CFO)
Mike Schroepfer (CTO)





Former



Sean Parker (4%, formerly)
Owen Van Natta
Gideon Yu
Adam D'Angelo
Chris Kelly
Bret Taylor
David Ebersman








Notable
employees




Current



Chris Cox (VP of Product)
Elliot Schrage (VP of Global Communications, Marketing and Public Policy)
Lars Rasmussen (Graph Search director)
John Carmack (CTO of Oculus VR)
Hugo Barra (VP of Oculus VR)
Naomi Gleit (VP of social good)





Former



Blake Ross (Director of Product)
Ted Ullyot (VP, General Counsel, and Secretary)
Matt Cohler
Charlie Cheever
Randi Zuckerberg
Yishan Wong
George Hotz
Joe Lockhart
Andrei Alexandrescu (research scientist)











Open source



Apache Cassandra
Apache Hive
Apache Thrift
FQL
Hack
HipHop for PHP
Phabricator
React
Scribe
Open Compute Project





Mass media



The Facebook Effect
The Accidental Billionaires
The Social Network





Concepts



Activity stream
Social graph
Friending and following
Reblogging
Fan-gating
Facebook diplomacy
Facebook like button





Business



History
Timeline
Acquisitions
f8 conference
IPO
Censorship
Criticism
Litigation





Divisions



Facebook AI Research
Facebook Creative Labs





Related



Priscilla Chan (wife of Mark Zuckerberg)
Chan Zuckerberg Initiative












v
t
e


Time Persons of the Year (2001–present)






Rudolph Giuliani (2001)
The Whistleblowers: Cynthia Cooper / Coleen Rowley / Sherron Watkins (2002)
The American Soldier (2003)
George W. Bush (2004)
The Good Samaritans: Bono / Bill Gates / Melinda Gates (2005)
You (2006)
Vladimir Putin (2007)
Barack Obama (2008)
Ben Bernanke (2009)
Mark Zuckerberg (2010)
The Protestor (2011)
Barack Obama (2012)
Pope Francis (2013)
Ebola Fighters: Dr. Jerry Brown / Dr. Kent Brantly / Ella Watson-Stryker / Foday Gollah / Salome Karmah (2014)
Angela Merkel (2015)
Donald Trump (2016)








Complete roster
1927–1950
1951–1975
1976–2000
2001–present












v
t
e


The World's Billionaires – Top ten richest people in the world as of 20 April 2017






 Bill Gates ($86.0B, United States)
 Warren Buffett ($75.6B, United States)
 Jeff Bezos ($72.8B, United States)
 Amancio Ortega ($71.3B, Spain)
 Mark Zuckerberg ($56.0B, United States)
 Carlos Slim ($54.5B, Mexico)
 Larry Ellison ($52.2B, United States)
 Charles Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 David Koch ($48.3B, United States)
 Michael Bloomberg ($47.5B, United States)












v
t
e


Wealthiest people in the United States by state







AL
Jimmy Rane


AK
Leonard Hyde and Jonathan Rubini


AZ
Bruce Halle


AR
Jim Walton


CA
Mark Zuckerberg


CO
Charlie Ergen


CT
Ray Dalio


DE
Robert W. Gore and Elizabeth Snyder


FL
Thomas Peterffy


GA
Jim Kennedy


HI
Pierre Omidyar


ID
Frank L. VanderSloot


IL
Kenneth C. Griffin


IN
Carl Cook


IA
Harry Stine


KS
Charles Koch


KY
B. Wayne Hughes


LA
Tom Benson


ME
Bill and Susan Alfond


MD
Ted Lerner


MA
Abigail Johnson


MI
Dan Gilbert


MN
Whitney MacMillan


MS
Leslie Lampton


MO
Stan Kroenke


MT
Dennis Washington


NE
Warren Buffett


NV
Sheldon Adelson


NH
Andrea Reimann-Ciardelli


NJ
Donald Newhouse


NM
Mack C. Chase


NY
Michael Bloomberg


NC
James Goodnight


ND
Gary Tharaldson


OH
Les Wexner


OK
Harold Hamm


OR
Phil Knight


PA
Mary Alice Dorrance Malone


RI
Jonathan M. Nelson


SC
Anita Zucker


SD
T. Denny Sanford


TN
Thomas F. Frist Jr.


TX
Alice Walton


UT
Gail Miller


VT
John Abele


VA
Jacqueline Mars


WA
Bill Gates


WV
Jim Justice


WI
John Menard Jr.


WY
John Mars









Biography portal
Internet portal
United States portal





Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 101338851
LCCN: n2009022154
ISNI: 0000 0001 1478 8765
GND: 139618171
SUDOC: 143320165
BNF: cb16182911f (data)
BIBSYS: 10033777
NDL: 01235319










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mark_Zuckerberg&oldid=792644760"					
Categories: 1984 births21st-century American businesspeopleAmerican billionairesAmerican chairmen of corporationsAmerican computer businesspeopleAmerican computer programmersAmerican Internet celebritiesAmerican JewsAmerican technology chief executivesAmerican technology company foundersBusinesspeople from New YorkBusinesspeople from the San Francisco Bay AreaDirectors of FacebookFacebook employeesLiving peopleNerd culturePeople from Dobbs Ferry, New YorkPeople from Palo Alto, CaliforniaPeople from White Plains, New YorkPhillips Exeter Academy alumniPeople with color blindnessLife extensionistsGiving PledgersHidden categories: CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesWikipedia indefinitely semi-protected biographies of living peopleUse American English from March 2015All Wikipedia articles written in American EnglishUse mdy dates from October 2016Biography with signatureArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from January 2017Articles with unsourced statements from February 2016Wikipedia articles needing clarification from May 2014Articles containing Chinese-language textWikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiersWikipedia articles with BNF identifiersWikipedia articles with BIBSYS identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikinewsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansالعربيةAsturianuAzərbaycancaবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎BislamaБългарскиBoarischBosanskiCatalàČeštinaCymraegDanskDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisGalegoગુજરાતી한국어Հայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoBahasa IndonesiaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡKapampanganქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliKurdîКыргызчаLatinaLatviešuLietuviųMagyarमैथिलीМакедонскиMalagasyമലയാളംMaltiमराठीმარგალურიمصرىBahasa MelayuМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanଓଡ଼ିଆOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیភាសាខ្មែរPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsShqipසිංහලSimple EnglishSlovenčinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்TaqbaylitతెలుగుTetunไทยТоҷикӣTürkçeTürkmençeУкраїнськаاردوTiếng ViệtWinaray粵語Zazaki中文डोटेली 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 27 July 2017, at 19:09.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






