

	ZYGOOD Trademark of ZYGOOD, LLC. Serial Number: 86309918 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Medical Instrument Products
ZYGOOD










 
Get FREE email alerts













ZYGOOD  Trademark Information
 ZYGOOD, LLC
MEDICAL DEVICES IN THE NATURE OF TRANSCUTANEOUS MAGNETIC STIMULATION FOR THE TREATMENT OF PAIN




Perfect for these industries

Medical Instrument Products





Words that describe this mark
medical   devices   nature   transcutaneous   magnetic   stimulation   treatment   pain    
                                    




This is a brand page for the ZYGOOD trademark by ZYGOOD, LLC 
                                in DAYTON, MD, 21036.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this ZYGOOD trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner ZYGOOD, LLC of the ZYGOOD trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the ZYGOOD trademark.
                           






On Saturday, June 14, 2014,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        ZYGOOD by 
                        ZYGOOD, LLC, DAYTON, MD  21036.
                        The USPTO has given the ZYGOOD 
                        trademark serial  number of  86309918.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED.
                        The correspondent listed for ZYGOOD is 
                        
                        
                                            MORTON J. ROSENBERG of 
                                            ROSENBERG, KLEIN & LEE,  3458 ELLICOTT CENTER DR STE 101, ELLICOTT CITY, MD 21043-4178 
                                .
                            The ZYGOOD trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Medical Instrument Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for ZYGOOD 
                            is MEDICAL DEVICES IN THE NATURE OF TRANSCUTANEOUS MAGNETIC STIMULATION FOR THE TREATMENT OF PAIN. 
                            





Word mark:
 ZYGOOD


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED

9/29/2015



  Serial Number:  
86309918


  Filing Date:  
6/14/2014


 Registration Number:  
4823259 


 Registration Date:  
9/29/2015


 Goods and Services: 
MEDICAL DEVICES IN THE NATURE OF TRANSCUTANEOUS MAGNETIC STIMULATION FOR THE TREATMENT OF PAIN


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
10/28/2014


Last Applicant/Owner:

ZYGOOD, LLCDAYTON, MD  21036
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


MORTON J. ROSENBERG
ROSENBERG, KLEIN & LEE
3458 ELLICOTT CENTER DR STE 101
ELLICOTT CITY, MD 21043-4178






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (010) - Surgical, medical, dental, and veterinary apparatus and instruments, artificial limbs, eyes, and teeth; orthopedic articles; suture materials.


First Use Anywhere: 
7/20/2015


First Use In Commerce: 
7/10/2015





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your ZYGOOD trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

9/29/2015
REGISTERED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



MORTON J. ROSENBERG


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of ZYGOOD trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search zygood on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for ZYGOOD 




ZYGOOD is providing MEDICAL DEVICES IN THE NATURE OF TRANSCUTANEOUS MAGNETIC STIMULATION FOR THE TREATMENT OF PAIN.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version





















ELECTRICAL PULSE GENERATOR TO CREATE MAGNETIC PULSES FOR THE TREATMENT OF PAIN - ZYGOOD, LLC




































Login
                    
Sign up
                    









Search
                            





                                    Expert Search


                                    Quick Search








Patents/Apps
                                




                                    Non-Patent Literature
                                












SEARCH


                            RESEARCH



                            MPEP 2.0



                            TOOLS & RESOURCES
                        



                            ACCLAIM IP
                        


HELP






 

















Title:


                    ELECTRICAL PULSE GENERATOR TO CREATE MAGNETIC PULSES FOR THE TREATMENT OF PAIN                





                United States Patent Application 20150360045            

                Kind
                Code:
            

                A1            













Abstract:

            An electrical current pulse generator causes a magnetic coil attached to a human patient to create magnetic pulses within that patient's body. By Faraday's Law, the magnetic pulses cause electrical current pulses within the patient that provide pain relief with essentially zero adverse side effects. The electrical current pulse generator has dials that allow the operator to adjust several significant parameters including magnetic pulse strength, the time between pulses and the total number of pulses for a pain treatment.         















Inventors:

                            Fischell, Robert E. (DAYTON, MD, US)                
                            Lawson, Wesley Grant (LAUREL, MD, US)                




Application Number:

            14/338439        



Publication Date:

            12/17/2015        



Filing Date:

            07/23/2014        



Export Citation:

 Click for automatic bibliography
                generation 




Assignee:

                            ZYGOOD, LLC                




Primary Class:

600/14 




International Classes:

A61N2/02; A61N2/00 





View Patent Images:

Download PDF 20150360045                 
                  PDF help




Related US Applications:



20090264759Ultrasound Imaging Catheter With Pivoting HeadOctober, 2009Byrd20060235317Electrocardiograph device having additional lead function and method for obtaining additional-lead electrocardiogramOctober, 2006Wei20050027159Implantable device for controlling defecation and related methodFebruary, 2005Feng et al.20040242957DEVICE FOR ALLEVIATING ERECTILE DYSFUNCTIONDecember, 2004Ward20070078303Diagnostic system using endoscopeApril, 2007Abe20080167561Force or pressure sensor and method for applying the sameJuly, 2008Ruotoistenmaki20090247825ENDOSCOPIC IMAGE PICKUP DEVICEOctober, 2009Tanahashi20050113655Wireless pulse oximeter configured for web serving, remote patient monitoring and method of operationMay, 2005Hull20050197597Guidewire with hollow distal sectionSeptember, 2005Douk20090287079Hemostatic guiding catheterNovember, 2009Shriver20070118013Endoscope and method for repairing the sameMay, 2007Miyagi et al. 










Other References:

                            MAGSTIMÂ® 200 P/N 3001-23-04, Operating manual, pages 1-32, March 18, 2005, The Magstim Company Limited                
                            Digitimer MultiPulse Stimulator D185-Mk.lla, For the Intraoperative Monitoring of Motor Evoked Potentials, Nov. 29, 2002, by Digitimer Ltd                








Claims:

            What is claimed is:
                1.  An electrical current pulse generator to be used with a magnetic coil placed upon some region of a human patient for eliminating or reducing pain, the system including: a magnetic coil system including an electrically conducting coil of wire that is adapted for placement onto a particular portion of the patient's body; and an electrical pulse generator that has control knobs to adjust at the least the following parameters: the total number of electrical pulses to be delivered to the magnetic coil and the time between each pulse.                    
                    2.  The system of claim 1 where the electrical pulse generator includes controls to adjust the amplitude of the electrical current pulses produced by the electrical pulse generator with the amplitude being expressed as the approximate number of Tesla of magnetic field intensity that is to be applied just below the patient's skin.                    
                    3.  The system of claim 1 where the electrical pulses from the electrical current pulse generator have a rise time between 10 and 1,000 microseconds.                    
                    4.  The system of claim 1 where the electrical pulses from the electrical current pulse generator have a rise time of approximately 175±50 microseconds.                    
                    5.  The system of claim 1 where the peak intensity of the magnetic pulses created by the magnetic coil system is between approximately 0.5 and 3.0 Tesla.                    
                    6.  The system of claim 1 where the peak electric current pulse emanating from the electrical pulse generator is between approximately 500 and 10,000 Amperes.                    
                    7.  The system of claim 1 where each label on the front plate of the electrical current pulse generator is written in the specific language of the country in which that device will be used.                    
                    8.  The system of claim 1 where each number in a number box as indicated on the front plate of the electrical current pulse generator can be set for: 1) the control of the magnetic pulse intensity; 2) the period of time between each pulse; and/or 3) the total number of pulses to be delivered into the patient for a particular treatment, where each value of these treatment parameters is controlled and set by a separate knob.                    
                    9.  The system of claim 8 where the maximum number of pulses to be set by its associated control knob is 999.                    
                    10.  The system of claim 1 where the maximum time that can be set by its associated control knob for the period between pulses is 99 seconds.                    
                    11.  The system of claim 1 where the magnetic coil would have approximately 15±8 turns of the electrically conducting, insulated wire.                    
                    12.  The system of claim 1 where the face plate of the electrical current pulse generator includes a WAIT light that remains in an on condition as long as the electronics of the electrical current pulse generator is warming up.                    
                    13.  The system of claim 12 where the WAIT light is a flashing amber LED light.                    
                    14.  The system of claim 1 where the electrical current pulse generator includes a START button that is designed to be pushed in order for the patient's treatment with magnetic pulses is to begin.                    
                    15.  The system of claim 14 where there is a green light that illuminates in close proximity to the START button when the electrical current pulse generator is turned to its on condition for delivering pulses.                    
                    16.  The system of claim 1 including a STOP button that can be pressed to stop the creation of electrical pulses by the electrical current pulse generator.                    
                    17.  The system of claim 16 where a red light associated with the STOP button turned to on is located in close proximity to the STOP button.                    
                    18.  A method to reduce the pain of a patient by the application of intense magnetic pulses onto that region where the patient is feeling pain, the method having the following steps: a) creating an electrical current pulse generator system that can produce electrical current pulses having a magnitude that is between 500 and 10,000 Amperes: b) connecting the electrical pulse generator system to a magnetic coil system placed onto that region of the body where the patient is feeling pain; c) turning the electrical current pulse generator to its ON condition; d) waiting for a WAIT light to go to an off state; e) adjusting the parameters of magnetic pulse period and the number of pulses to be delivered for a specific treatment for the patient; and f) pressing a START button to begin the treatment for pain.                    
                    19.  The method of claim 18 including the step of adjusting the level of peak magnetic pulse intensity to be used during the treatment for pain.                    
                    20.  The method of claim 18 including the step of turning the electrical current pulse generator to its OFF condition after the treatment for pain is completed.                    




Description:

This is a continuation-in-part application based upon the prior patent application entitled “Transcutaneous Magnetic Stimulation for the Treatment of Pain,” Ser. No. 14/304,309 filed with the USPTO on Jun. 13, 2014.FIELD OF USEThis invention is in the field of methods and devices to be used by human subjects to decrease or eliminate pain without the use of ingested or injected drugs or implanted medical devices.BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTIONIt is well known that there are literally millions of patients throughout the world who suffer pain in various parts of their bodies. Three of the most frequent sites for pain are: (1) foot pain caused by chemotherapy or diabetic neuropathy; (2) shoulder pain often resulting from a tear or inflammation of the rotator cuff; and (3) lower back pain caused by a large variety of medical problems, particularly associated with the spine and the nerves surrounding the vertebrae. Although there are many pain medications to reduce the level of pain experienced by such patients, these drugs often are not sufficiently palliative and they typically can cause serious side effects.One early invention to utilize magnetic fields to treat pain is described by Robert R, Holcomb in International Publication Number: WO 91/15263. The invention described in that document consists of four magnetic coils that are placed in the back of a chair or under a table where the patient's back would be exposed to the magnetic field. A DC current is placed through the four coils which results in an unchanging magnetic field to be experienced by the patient.In U.S. Pat. No. 6,402,678, Robert E. Fischell, et al describe a device to be placed on the head which can eliminate or reduce the pain of migraine headaches by the application of an intense magnetic pulse. This device was approved by the US FDA on May 22, 2014 and is currently in use to treat patients with migraine headaches. The Fischell, et al device operates by charging capacitors to a high voltage and then discharging them into a magnetic coil to create a magnetic pulse as high as one Tesla in intensity. By Faraday's law, this changing magnetic pulse creates an electrical pulse within the brain that has been shown to eliminate migraine headaches. Because it takes about 45 seconds to charge the condensers from a battery within this Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) device, the rate of applying magnetic pulses to the brain is extremely slow; i. e., only one pulse in about 45 seconds. Even at that, the time rate of change of the magnetic field within the brain results in an electrical current in the neurons of the brain which eliminates most migraine headaches. However, the application of more pulses per unit time could result in a more effective treatment for the relief of pain from other parts of the human body such as the feet, the shoulders or the back.An existing system that is currently available to treat lower back pain is called TENS which is an acronym for Transcutaneous Electrical Nerve Stimulator. This device has two adhesive covered electrodes that are pasted onto the skin along the lower back. The device can then be turned on and adjusted so that the pain in the skin is acceptable while some electrical pulses enter the body in the vicinity of the spine where they can provide some relief for lower back pain. However, it would be highly advantageous to use a system that could introduce higher intensity electrical pulses into that region without causing any skin pain. That can be accomplished with TransCutaneous Magnetic Stimulation or TCMS as described herein.SUMMARY OF THE INVENTIONThe present invention is a means and method to apply TransCutaneous Magnetic Stimulation (TCMS) to relieve pain in a human subject without the use of an analgesic drug. The TCMS system consists of a computer-controlled electrical pulse generator that would typically be plugged into a wall electrical socket and would provide repeated magnetic pulses through the skin at a site where a patient was experiencing pain. The magnetic pulses would be created by means of a pulse of electric current through a magnetic coil that has been placed in close proximity to the patient's skin at that location where the patient is experiencing pain.For different locations on the patient's body, the magnetic coil would have a different shape. For example, for the treatment of lower back pain, a racetrack shaped coil could be placed at that region of the lower back (typically the lumbar or sacral region) where the pain is felt by the patient. The racetrack shaped coil could be attached to and placed within a specially designed belt that would place that coil in close proximity to the skin on the lower back with the buckle for the belt being located at the abdomen as is typical for belts used with male trousers. It should also be understood that pressure or inflammation of a nerve in the back can also result in pain in the buttocks and into the leg and feet. Thus, a device located on the lower back to apply TCMS in that region could also be used to reduce or even eliminate referred pain in regions of the body below the location of that nerve in the back that causes the pain in the extremities.Another application of the present invention is a magnetic coil that is placed around the shoulder for the treatment of rotator cuff pain or any other source of shoulder pain. The unique shape for the shoulder magnetic coil would ideally be in the form of two separate coils, one on each side of the shoulder. The coil portion on each side of shoulder would cause magnetic fields that are in the same direction so as to enhance the magnetic field acting upon the tissue in the shoulder. This type of coil could also be used to wrap around the neck or the knee or any other generally cylindrical portion of a human body to reduce pain in that part of the body.Still another application of the present invention is a coil to be used for the treatment of foot and/or ankle pain. This type of coil could be extended around the ankle to reduce pain in both the foot and the ankle. This unique design for a magnetic coil would be particularly advantageous for those patients who suffer foot and ankle pain resulting from chemotherapy or from diabetic neuropathy.Still another application of the present invention is a flat, circular coil with an adhesive placed onto one surface so that it could be removably attached to the patient's skin at any location on a human body.It should be understood that the electrical pulse generator would typically get its power by being plugged into a wall electrical socket. However, the use of a primary or rechargeable battery for the electrical pulse generator is certainly possible. Still further, the design described herein could obtain its electrical power from a cigar lighter electrical receptacle as located in an automobile or a truck.The waveform for treatment would be a magnetic pulse with a rise time between 10 and 1,000 microseconds. A pulse length of approximately 200 microseconds would be ideal for this purpose. The stimulation pulse rate would optimally be at a rate between 0.1 Hz and 10 Hz with an optimum frequency being approximately 0.5 to 1.0 Hz. It is also conceived that the wave form could be approximately half of one sine wave or a square wave to optimize the relief of pain. The peak amplitude for the magnetic pulses at the patient's skin should be at least 0.1 Tesla with an optimum magnetic pulse strength at the skin being between 0.5 and 3.0 Tesla.It should also be understood that the present invention could be used for the relief of pain that extends through a major or limited portion of a human body such as the pain of fibromyalgia, spinal stenosis, arthritis, pinched or otherwise damaged nerves, vascular inflammation, diabetic neuropathy, pain caused by chemotherapy or any other source of pain in a human body.Thus one object of the present invention is to provide a means and method to treat pain of a human patient by the application of high intensity magnetic pulsations through the patient's skin at a location where those magnetic pulsations create subcutaneous electrical currents that result in a decrease of the patient's level of pain.Another object of this invention is to optimize the size and shape of the magnetic coil to best fit at that specific location on the patient's body where the pain is to be treated.Still another object of this invention is to have two magnetic coils on each side of a body part with each of the two coils enhancing the magnetic field to which that body part is exposed.Still another object of this invention is a method to diminish the pain caused by diabetic neuropathy.Still another object of this invention is a method to diminish the pain caused by chemotherapy.Still another object of this invention is a method to diminish the pain caused by pressure or inflammation on the nerves in the back in the vicinity of the spine, the pain being observed in the back or below that region into the buttocks, legs and feet.Still another object of this invention is the use of a racetrack shaped coil to be within a covering that has belt loops that can be attached around the patient's abdomen by means of a typical belt, the belt being selected to have a length ideally suited for the girth of a particular patient.Still another object of this invention is to have an electrical current pulse generator designed to be used with a variety of shapes and sizes of magnetic coils to provide the electrical current pulses that generate the desired magnetic pulses when attached to any one of a number of different designs for magnetic coils, some of which designs are described in detail herein.Still another object of this invention is to have an electrical current pulse generator that indicates to the operator of the generator (whether it is a medical practitioner or the patient himself/herself) as to several attributes of the treatment about to be obtained with that electrical current pulse generator.These and other objects and advantages of this invention will become obvious to a person of ordinary skill in this art upon reading the detailed description of this invention including the associated drawings as presented herein.BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGSFIG. 1 illustrates a magnetic coil placed around the foot and ankle of a patient for the treatment of foot and/or ankle pain, the coil being connected to an electrical pulse generator that is plugged into a wall socket.FIG. 2 is a cross section of a magnetic coil placed around the foot and ankle of a patient for the treatment of foot pain or for the treatment of foot and ankle pain.FIG. 3 illustrates the back of a human patient showing the back portion of the belt that is holding a magnetic coil against the patient's lower back, the coil being connected to an electrical pulse generator that is plugged into a wall socket.FIG. 4 illustrates the front buckle and belt of a patient who is wearing the magnetic coil on his/her back for the treatment of lower back pain.FIG. 5 is a transverse cross section of the TCMS device for the treatment of lower back pain showing a cross section of the rear portion of the belt and the magnetic coil.FIG. 6 is a side view of a device that has two TCMS coils for the treatment of shoulder pain.FIG. 7 is a front view of the TCMS coil system shown in FIG. 6.FIG. 8 is a layout view of the two TCMS coils shown in FIGS. 6 and 7 and also shows the attachment of the coils to an electrical pulse generator.FIG. 9 illustrates six different cross sections for the magnetic coil wire that can be used for the TCMS coils that are shown in FIGS. 1 through 8 inclusive.FIG. 10 is the layout of the front panel of an advanced electrical current pulse generator that can be used with any of the magnetic coils as described herein.DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE INVENTIONFIG. 1 illustrates a TransCutaneous Magnetic Stimulator (TCMS) magnetic coil system 10 connected to an electrical pulse generator system 20 for the treatment of foot pain. The electrical pulse generator system 20 receives its electrical power from the wire 24 that is connected to the plug 25 that would be placed into a conventional electrical socket (not shown). The electrical pulse generator system 20 is similar in design and function to the MAGSTIM 200 device that is manufactured by the MAGSTIM company in Wales, UK and sold in the USA by Jali Medical, Inc.Although the optimum electrical pulse generator system 20 would get its power as shown in FIG. 1, it is conceived that the electrical pulse generator 21 could get its power from a primary or a rechargeable battery. The dials 22 and 23 on the face of the electrical pulse generator 21 would be used to adjust the pulse frequency and pulse amplitude for the electrical current pulses created by the electrical pulse generator system 20 to create the magnetic pulses that would be delivered by the magnetic coil system 10. These electrical current pulses would be delivered to the magnetic coil system 10 by means of the wires 16A and 16B as shown in FIG. 1. Electrical pulses with a pulse amplitude as high as 10,000 Amperes could be generated by pulse generator 21. The lowest pulse amplitude would be at least 500 Amperes to obtain the desired intensity for the magnetic pulses to be delivered by the magnetic coil system 10.The electrical pulse generator system 20 would include conventional circuitry to generate a pulse waveform, a sinusoidal wave form, a square wave waveform or any other wave form that is found to be effective for stimulation of nerves. The frequency of the pulses could be anything between 0.1 Hz and 10 Hz with an optimum pulse rate being approximately 0.5 to 1.0 Hz. The pulse amplitude generated by the magnetic coil 10 could be anything between 0.1 Tesla and 5.0 Tesla with an optimum magnetic pulse peak intensity being between approximately 0.5 and 3.0 Tesla. When pulses are used for TCMS, the pulse rise time could be between 10 and 1,000 microseconds with an optimum pulse rise time being approximately 175±50 microseconds.FIG. 2 is a cross section of the magnetic coil system 10 mounted onto the foot and ankle of a patient who suffers from foot pain. This foot pain would typically be caused by chemotherapy or would be a result of diabetic neuropathy. The inner lining 11 of the magnetic coil system 10 would be situated closely around the patient's foot and ankle. Surrounding the inner lining 11 would be a soft elastic type of material 13 that is contained within the inner lining 11 and the outer covering 12. It should be noted that (as shown in FIG. 2) the inner lining 11 and outer covering 12 could in fact be formed from one piece of material such as leather or a plastic material. The porous material 13 could be formed from a material such as cotton or foam rubber or any other material that would make it moderately easy for the patient to place his/her foot within the magnetic coil system 10. It is also conceived to have the patient wear a tight fitting and somewhat slippery sock when placing his/her foot into the magnetic coil system 10. That would be especially needed if the same magnetic coil system 10 is made available in a commercial medical facility for many different patients.FIG. 2 also shows the cross section of square wire magnetic coil 14 that is wrapped around the outer covering 12. A total of 12½ turns of the magnetic coil 14 are shown in FIG. 2. Any number of turns between 4 and 30 could be used for such a magnetic coil 14 with an optimum number of turns being approximately 15±8 turns. It should also be understood that the wire of the coil 14 would be insulated on its exterior and would have a cross section that could be of any type as shown in FIG. 9.Surrounding the magnetic coil 14 would be a coil covering member 15 that could be formed from a plastic material or from certain cloth materials. It should also be understood that the wires 14 could be adhesively attached to the outer layer 12 or there could be a plastic fill material situated between each turn of the wires of the magnetic coil 14. FIG. 2 also shows the wires 16A and 1B which are attached to the electrical pulse generator 21 as shown in FIG. 1.The present invention conceives of the magnetic coil system 10 being made available to the patient in at least three different shoe sizes with as many as 10 different shoe sizes being envisaged as being possible for this product.FIGS. 3, 4 and 5 illustrate a TCMS magnetic coil system 30 that is designed to eliminate or at least decrease lower back pain for patients who suffer from that all too common affliction.FIG. 3 shows the electrical pulse generator system 20 that has an electrical pulse generator 21 attached by the wires 16A and 16B to the magnetic coil 32 that is attached to the belt 31. As can be seen in FIGS. 3 and 5, the magnetic coil 32 is in the general shape of a racetrack with multiple turns of a conducting wire that has a square cross section. Two layers of the coil 32 are shown in FIG. 5, but anywhere from one to five layers of wires could be used to accommodate approximately 15±8 turns of wire. The wire cross section could be of any type as illustrated in FIG. 9.An important aspect of the present invention is the design of the back of the magnetic coil system 30 as shown in FIGS. 3 and 5. The outer belt cover 34 has a generally elliptical shape as it covers the magnetic coil 32 and it also has a filler material 35 (as seen in FIG. 5) having the consistency of foam rubber or an equivalent spongy material.FIG. 4 shows the front of the patient's body showing the belt 31 that has a conventional width that is secured around the patient's body with a conventional buckle 33.It should be understood that the design of the TCMS system 30 to treat lower back pain allows the system 30 to be applied while a patient is working at his/her desk or even if the patient is lying in bed. Thus the pain relief can be applied at most times when it would be truly convenient for such a patient to utilize such a device.FIGS. 6, 7 and 8 illustrate a type of magnetic coil system 40 that can be used to treat shoulder pain such as that caused by an inflammation of the rotator cuff in that patient's shoulder.FIG. 6 is a side view of the magnetic coil system 40 that has a front coil system 41, a rear coil system 42, each of which coil system includes a magnetic coil covered by some cloth or plastic material. The magnetic coil system 40 also includes a flexible connecting member 43 and a Velcro attachment tab 44. FIG. 7 shows a front view of the magnetic coil system 40 having front coil 41 into which is shown the outer outline 48 of the magnetic coil 46, a flexible connecting member 43 and the Velcro attachment tab 44. Placing this magnetic coil system 40 onto the shoulder would be accomplished by putting the front coil 41 on his/her shoulder in front with the rear coil 42 in back with the flexible connecting member 43 being placed on top of the shoulder. The Velcro attachment tab 44 would then be brought around from the rear coil 42, under the armpit and then it would be attached to the Velcro surface 45 (as shown in FIG. 8) for securely holding the magnetic coil system 40 onto the patient's shoulder.FIG. 8 is a layout view of the magnetic coil system 40 as used for decreasing pain at a patient's shoulder. Shown in FIG. 8 is the front coil 41, the rear coil 42, the flexible connecting member 43 and the Velcro attachment tab 44 that is designed to be placed through a patient's armpit for attachment to the Velcro attachment surface 45 that is placed on the outer surface of the front coil 41. Also shown in FIG. 8 is the inner outline 47 and the outer outline 48 of the magnetic coil 46. A similar magnetic coil (not shown) would be placed in the front coil 41. These two magnetic coils would be similar to those shown in FIG. 2 and they would be placed within a cloth or plastic cover.FIG. 8 also shows the wires 16A and 16B that connect the magnetic coil system 40 to the electrical pulse generator 21. The electrical pulse generator system 20 includes the electrical pulse generator 21 having electric current pulse amplitude and frequency control knobs 22 and 23 and a wire 24 having a plug 25 that connects into a conventional wall socket (not shown).FIG. 9 illustrates the cross section of various wires that could be used for the magnetic coils in any of the designs as described herein. Wire A is a typical square wire that could have a dimension of anything from 0.1×0.1 inch to 0.5×0.5 inch. Wire B could have the same outer dimensions as wire A, but would have a wall thickness between 0.01 inch and 0.1 inch. Wire C is a typical round cross section wire that could be any size from 0 AWG to 10 AWG. Wire D is a hollow wire whose outer cross section is circular. The wall thickness range for Wire D is the same as for Wire B. Wire E has a rectangular cross section with a width between 0.05 inch to 0.3 inch and a height that could lie between 0.1 inch and 0.5 inch. Wire F would have the same external dimensions as Wire E, with a wall thickness similar to Wire B. Not shown in FIG. 9 is the insulation that would always be placed on the exterior surface of any such wire.It should be understood that any of the hollow wires shown in FIG. 9 could be used to have either gas or a liquid flow through such a wire in order to either heat or cool the magnetic coil. Some patients may be more comfortable with a magnetic coil that would cool the body part feeling pain and some patients may feel less pain if heating was used to warm the magnetic coil to improve the patient's comfort.A useful and novel attribute of the system shown in FIG. 8 is that it could be readily adapted for placement around any essentially cylindrical type of surface of a human body. In that case, the dimensions of the front coil 41 and the rear coil 42 would be such as to exactly go around such a cylindrical surface. For example, the system shown in FIG. 8 could be used to wrap the electrical pulse generator system 40 around a knee for knee pain, the neck for neck pain, around any arm or leg for treatment of pain in those regions, or any other generally cylindrical surfaces of a human body. The present invention envisages that the outer shape of the front coil 41 and the rear coil 42 could be made to be square or round or any other shape that would be ideal for placement around any part of a human body.Although the electrical pulse generator system 20 as described herein is always shown to have knobs 22 and 23 to adjust the intensity and frequency of the electrical current pulses emanating from that device, it should be understood that it could also have fixed values of frequency and pulse amplitude so that adjustment knobs would not be needed. It should also be understood that the magnetic pulse generator 21 could have an electrical switch to turn it to ON or OFF or it could turn on automatically when plugged into a wall socket.A patient who has significant pain in at least one of the regions described herein may very well wish to transport his TCMS system from home to work and back or to take each system on travel. To that end, it is envisaged that each of the magnetic coil systems 10, 30 and 40 as described herein, and also the magnetic coil system 20 could have a special carrying case that has wheels and a pull-up handle as is commonly used for suitcases. The electrical pulse generator system 20 may also be designed with wheels and a pull-up handle so as to make moving it from one place to the other less difficult.FIG. 10 illustrates the face plate of an electrical current pulse generator 50 that has unique and superior characteristics as compared to the pulse generator 21 as previously described herein. The electrical pulse generator 21, as described herein, allows the operator of this equipment to control only the amplitude and/or the frequency of the electrical pulses emitted by the electrical pulse generator 21 and does not indicate to the operator what the values are of those parameters that are being adjusted. The electrical current pulse generator 50, as described herein, can also control the amplitude and frequency of the electrical pulses generated by its electronics to power a variety of magnetic coil systems. However, the electrical current pulse generator 50 also provides several additional novel and useful features to enhance the operation of the complete system for the control of human pain.The electrical current pulse generator 50 of FIG. 10 has an ON-OFF switch 51 that is used by the operator to turn the electrical current pulse generator 50 on or off. When not being used, the switch 51 would typically be in the OFF position as shown in FIG. 10. When the switch 51 is turned to the ON position, two things happen, namely: 1) power is provided to all the electronics of the electrical current pulse generator 50; and 2) the WAIT light 52 turns to on (or still better to flashing on and off) preferably with an amber caution light from an LED. When all the electronics of the electrical current pulse generator 50 is warmed up, the WAIT light 52 turns off, and all the indicator boxes that show a particular measurement (namely; indicators 54, 56, and 58) come on with either there last number that was in that indicator box or each number could be zero. After the WAIT light 52 goes off, the electrical current pulse generator 50 is all warmed up and ready to provide electrical current pulses to create magnetic pulses using any one of the several magnetic coils as described herein. At that time, the number in the indicator box 59 goes to zero.When the WAIT light 52 has gone to its off state, the operator can then: 1) rotate the knob 53 to set the number of seconds between each pulse as indicted in the box 54; 2) rotate the knob 55 to set the total number of pulses that the operator feels will be sufficient to ease the pain of the patient to be treated as indicated in box 56; and 3) rotate the knob 57 to adjust the amplitude of the magnetic pulses that are expected to be delivered just below the patient's skin as indicated in box 58. After the operator feels that each of the settings are optimum for a particular patient and for a particular magnetic coil design, then the operator can press the button 60 (which turns on a green light surrounding that button) to start the treatment with a series of magnetic pulses into the patient's tissues. Using the settings as shown in FIG. 10, the patient would receive 225 magnetic pulses at an interval of 4 seconds between each of the pulses and the peak magnetic pulse intensity just below the patient's skin would be approximately 1.6 Tesla. The number in the box 59 would indicate to the operator how many pulses (136 at this instant) that have been delivered into the patient. When the treatment is concluded, the numbers in the boxes 56 and 59 would be identical. If at any time during this treatment, it was desired to stop the treatment, the operator could press the STOP button 61 and the treatment would be stopped. It should be understood that the operator could be either a health care professional or the patient herself or himself.There are many advantages to this type of design for a generator that is used to create electrical current pulses that enter magnetic coils to create magnetic pulses into a patient's body. It is anticipated that some patients would be more comfortable and gain more pain relief if the time between pulses was either less than or more than 4 seconds. Thus, the operator could use any number of seconds for the treatment between approximately 1.0 second and (let us say) 10 seconds. Later research might even show that pulse periods either less than one second or greater than 10 seconds may be beneficial for some pain patients.In a similar manner, it might be shown that more or less than 225 pulses would be optimum for some patients for some levels of pain in different parts of a human body. It is also possible that magnetic pulse peak amplitudes greater than or less than 1.6 Tesla may be advantageous for some patients.The advantages of the novel features of the electrical current pulse generator 50 as described herein are that it teaches that each of these most significant parameters can be adjusted to optimize pain relief for different patients and for different body locations. The settings shown in FIG. 10 indicate that this treatment would have a peak magnetic pulse intensity of 1.6 Tesla at about 1.0 cm from the surface of the coil placed against the patient's body. Although the knob 57 could be used to lower the highest magnetic field strength that this system could deliver, it is actually unlikely that lower levels of magnetic field strength would improve treatment outcomes. Since there is no adverse side effects from even the highest level of magnetic field strength that the electrical current pulse generator 50 could deliver, it is unlikely that lower magnetic pulse intensities would be useful. However, some patients may be able to have an effective treatment that is accomplished in less time by using either a shorter time between pulses or a decreased number of pulses. For the settings shown in FIG. 10, with 225 pulses having a time between pulses of 4 seconds, this would provide for a treatment that lasts 15 minutes before the treatment has been completed and the green light of the START button 60 goes off. For some patients, an effective treatment in a shorter period of time could provide a satisfactory result for pain reduction or elimination. Other patients may benefit from a longer time between each pulse and/or a higher number of pulses. It is expected that the selection of pulse period and pulse number can only be determined by trial and error with each specific patient and for each location of the pain in the human body. A unique advantage of the electrical current pulse generator 50 of FIG. 10 is that it can be readily adjusted to optimize the treatment for pain for each pain location and for each different patient by the adjustment of these various parameters.Another significant advantage of the design of the face plate for the electrical current pulse generator 50 shown in FIG. 10 has to do with its use in countries where languages other than English are required by law to be used for any medical device that is approved for treatments in that particular country. Specifically, essentially all non-English speaking countries in Europe and Asia require that any medical device used in that country be labeled with the language of that country. The face plate of the electrical current pulse generator 50 of FIG. 10 can have all words placed on that front plate with either printing or a clear plastic sheet pasted onto the front plate that has the word or symbol for that feature in the language of the country where it will be used. Thus the word “TREATMENT” could be written in German or the Chinese character for the word “TREATMENT” could be placed to replace the English word “TREATMENT” shown in FIG. 12. However, the lights for the START button 60 or the STOP button 61 would be respectively in green and red for all countries as would the amber flashing light for the WAIT button 52. Still further, each of the boxes 54, 56, 58 and 59 would have a number controlled by a computer system within the electrical current pulse generator 50 that provides a number as is used by essentially all nations on this planet. In this way, the need to reprogram the software for different languages for the front plate display would be avoided. This is a novel and useful advantage for the design of any medical device that is to be used in many counties having different languages.Although the use of the electrical current pulse generator 50 as described herein consistently discusses its use for human patients, it should be understood that this equipment can also be useful to reduce the pain suffered by animals such as dogs, cats or horses or any other animal that has pain. To that end, wherever herein the word “patient” is used, that patient could also be considered to be any animal that is suffering from a condition of pain.Various other modifications, adaptations and alternative designs are of course possible in light of the teachings as presented herein. Therefore it should be understood that, while still remaining within the scope and meaning of the appended claims, this invention could be practiced in a manner other than that which is specifically described herein. 





 

Previous Patent: COMBINATION AROMA AND MAGNETOTHERAPY DEVICE AND METHODS OF USENext Patent: LASER DELIVERY APPARATUS WITH SAFETY FEEDBACK UTILIZING ENCODING OR MODULATION TO ENHANCE STIMULATED...











Home


Search


Services


Communities


Help


Contact us

Advertise on this Site










            © 2004-2017 FreePatentsOnline.com. All rights reserved.
            Privacy Policy
                & Terms of Use.
A SumoBrain Solutions Company


 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Zygood Llc patents list  (updated weekly)
































Robot
Patent Pack (PDFs)
Research new robot inventions







Gaming
Patent Pack (PDFs)
Research the latest gaming inventions







Social Network
Patent Pack (PDFs)
Research new Social Network inventions







Drone
Patent Pack (PDFs)
Research new Drone inventions







Electric Vehicle
Patent Pack (PDFs)
Research the latest Electric Vehicle inventions







Smartphone
Patent Pack (PDFs)
Research latest Smartphone inventions




 TOP 200 Companies filing patents this week Companies with the Most Patent Filings (2010+)





Patent Packs (Company, PDFs)

1,537+ Apple invention PDFs research ($39.95)
413+ Amazon invention PDFs ($29.95)
938+ Boeing invention PDFs ($29.95)
843+ Caterpillar invention PDFs ($29.95)
145+ Disney invention PDFs ($19.95)
636+ Facebook invention PDFs ($29.95)
Ford invention PDFs ($39.95)
1,370+ General+Electric invention PDFs ($39.95)
1,400+ Google invention PDFs ($39.95)
456+ Medtronic invention PDFs ($29.95)
2,050+ Microsoft invention PDFs ($59.95)
219+ Monsanto invention PDFs
385+ Nike invention PDFs ($19.95)
2,528+ Qualcomm invention PDFs
1,962+ Sony invention PDFs ( 	$39.95)
2,470 Toyota invention PDFs


Patent Packs (Topic, PDFs)

250+ 3d Print invention PDFs ($19.95)
1,800+ Aircraft invention PDFs ($39.95)
350+ Augmented Reality invention PDFs ($19.95)
880+ Beverage invention PDFs ($29.95)
710+ Brain invention PDFs ($29.95)
700+ Cardiac invention PDFs ($29.95)
1,700+ Cloud Computing invention PDFs ($39.95)
110+ Drone invention PDFs ($19.95)
470+ Electric Vehicle invention PDFs ($29.95)
170+ Electronic Cigarette invention PDFs ($19.95)
580+ Golf invention PDFs ($29.95)
470+ Graphene invention PDFs ($29.95)
350+ Machine Learning invention PDFs ($19.95)
1,300+ Medical Device invention PDFs ($39.95)
1,300+ Robot invention PDFs ($39.95)
510+ Smartphone invention PDFs ($29.95)
950+ Social Network invention PDFs ($29.95)
180+ Solar invention PDFs ($19.95)




Web
Adobe patents
Amazon patents
Apple patents
Ebay patents
Facebook patents
Google patents
IBM patents
Linkedin patents
Microsoft patents
Oracle patents
Red Hat patents
Yahoo patents
Transportation
Boeing patents
Tesla Motors patents

Telecom
Qualcomm patents
Motorola patents
Nokia patents
RIMM patents

Electronics

AMD
Applied Materials
Seagate patents
General Electric
Caterpillar patents
Samsung
Wal-mart patents
Web & Computing
Cloud Computing
Ecommerce
Search patents
Smartphone patents
Social Media patents
Video patents
Website patents
Web Server
Android patents
Copyright patents
Database patents
Programming patents
Wearable Computing
Webcam patents





Robot
Patent Pack (PDFs)
Research new robot inventions







Gaming
Patent Pack (PDFs)
Research the latest gaming inventions







Social Network
Patent Pack (PDFs)
Research new Social Network inventions







Drone
Patent Pack (PDFs)
Research new Drone inventions







Electric Vehicle
Patent Pack (PDFs)
Research the latest Electric Vehicle inventions







Smartphone
Patent Pack (PDFs)
Research latest Smartphone inventions







  

Zygood Llc patents  Recent patent applications related to Zygood Llc. Zygood Llc is listed as an Agent/Assignee. Note: Zygood Llc may have other listings under different names/spellings. We're not affiliated with Zygood Llc, we're just tracking patents. ARCHIVE: New 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 | Company Directory "Z" | Zygood Llc-related inventors








 
 
Date 
 Zygood Llc patents  (updated weekly) - BOOKMARK this page12/17/15Electrical pulse generator to create magnetic pulses for the treatment of pain
Try Digital Ocean SSD servers: 1-Click Installs in 55 seconds or less 







ARCHIVE: New 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 

###This listing is an abstract for educational and research purposes is only meant as a recent sample of applications filed, not a comprehensive history. Freshpatents.com is not affiliated or associated with Zygood Llc in any way and there may be associated servicemarks. This data is also published to the public by the USPTO and available for free on their website. Note that there may be alternative spellings for Zygood Llc with additional patents listed. Browse our Agent directory for other possible listings. Page by FreshPatents.com###Freshpatents.com. Website Terms and Conditions















';







Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads








































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started











































Business – Page 5 – Who's Who Lifetime Achievement










































Skip to content




					Who's Who Lifetime Achievement				

A Who's Who roster of prestigious Lifetime Achievement inductees








Category: Business 






Warren Edward Buffett 

Title:  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Company:  Berkshire Hathaway, Inc. Location:  Omaha, NE United States   Achievements: Inductee, Worldwide Lifetime Achievement (2017) Honoree, One of The 50 Most Influential People in Global Finance, Bloomberg Markets (2011-2014) Honoree, The Top 25 Market Movers, US News & World Report (2009) Honoree, The Global Elite, Newsweek Magazine (2008) Honoree,… 
Read More











Leroy Hampton 

Most Recent Title: Chemical Company Executive Company: Dow Chemical Employees’ Credit Union Industry: Business Administration Years in Industry: 42 Years affiliated with Marquis Who’s Who: 30











Herbert Merrill Baum 

Most Recent Title: Consumer Products Company Executive Company: Dial Corporation (Now Henkel Corporation) Industry: Business Administration Years in Industry: 43 Years affiliated with Marquis Who’s Who: 31











Robert Lynn Knauss 

Most Recent Title: Corporate Financial Executive Company: University of Houston Law Center Industry: Business Years in Industry: 35 Years affiliated with Marquis Who’s Who: 31











Ronald Phillip Baker 

Title: Service Company Executive Company: B’nai Vail Industry: Business Administration Years in Industry: 52 Years affiliated with Marquis Who’s Who: 28











Rosemary Joan Kijowski 

Title: Small Business Owner Company: The Body Shoppe for Women Industry: Business Administration Years in Industry: 47 Years affiliated with Marquis Who’s Who: 5











Roland Conant McEldowney 

Title: 1) Retired Mining Executive 2) Photographer Company: Image of Africa Industry:  1) Business Administration 2) Photography Years in Industry: 54 Years affiliated with Marquis Who’s Who: 18











Susan Aurelia Gitelson 

Title: Corporate Executive Company: MTIIC Corporation Industry: Business Administration Years affiliated with Marquis Who’s Who: 30











Tom Thomas 

Title: Plastic Company Executive Company: Canadian Cup Inc. Industry: Business Administration Years in Industry: 63 Years affiliated with Marquis Who’s Who: 20











Margaret Getryde Nemyier 

Most Recent Title: Sales Executive Company: Avon Products Industry: Business Administration Years in Industry: 55 Years affiliated with Marquis Who’s Who: 7











Thomas Joel Buckholtz 

Title:  Business Advisor, Innovation Consultant, Physicist Company:  T.J. Buckholtz & Associates Location:  Portola Valley, CA United States   Achievements: Inductee, Worldwide Lifetime Achievement (2017) Recipient, Graduate Fellowship, National Science Foundation (1967-1971) Senate Certificate of Recognition, State of California (2002) Featured Listee, Who’s Who in Finance and Industry, Marquis Who’s Who (2002-2003) Featured Listee, Who’s Who… 
Read More











Christopher J. Smith 

Title:  Offer Director Company:  Schneider Electric Location:  Hornsby, NSW Australia Achievements: Inductee, Worldwide Lifetime Achievement (2017) Designations: Master’s Degree in Control Systems Engineering, University of New South Wales











Danya Bogart 

  Title: Partner Company: Sands Asset Advisors Location: Houston, TX United States Achievements: Inductee, Worldwide Lifetime Achievement (2017) Featured Member, Calendar Series (2017) Industry Expert Honoree (2016) Inductee, Elite Women Worldwide (2016) Inductee, Top Female Executives (2016) Honoree, One of the 101 Houston’s Best and Brightest Companies to Work For (2014-2015) Honoree, Ranked #23 in… 
Read More











Angie Samuel 

Title: Director Company: Storelink Location: Albany, Auckland, New Zealand Achievements: Inductee, Worldwide Lifetime Achievement (2017) Designations:  Higher Diploma in Business Management, Earned in South Africa











Frances Ozur Cole 

Title: Owner, Principal Designer Company: Frances Ozur Designs Location: Albuquerque, NM United States   Achievements: Inductee, Worldwide Lifetime Achievement (2017) Featured Member, Calendar Series (2017) Inductee, Top Female Executives (2016) Designations: Masters of Art in Art History with a specialization in Museum Studies, University of Southern California Bachelor of Arts in Art History and Graphic… 
Read More











Monica M. Wechsler 

Title: Chief Executive Officer Company: Wechsler Consulting, Inc. Location: Inver Grove Heights, MN United States     Achievements: Inductee, Worldwide Lifetime Achievement (2017) Inductee, Top Female Executives (2014) Featured Member, Calendar Series (2014) Featured Member, Pro-Files Magazine (2013) Industry Expert Honoree (2008) Professional of the Year (2007) VIP of the Year (2006, 2007) Executive of… 
Read More











Sandra Allerheiligen 

Title: Data Sciences & Predictive and Economic Modeling Company: Merck Research Labs Location: Eagleville, PA United States Achievements: Inductee, Worldwide Lifetime Achievement (2017) Recipient, Lifetime Achievement Award, International Society of Pharmacometrics (2016) Inductee, Top Female Executives (2016) Featured Member, Pro-Files Magazine (2013) VIP of the Year (2012) Inductee, Worldwide Lifetime Achievement (2012) Fellow, American Association… 
Read More











Mechell Turner 

Title: Owner Company: Simply Herbal Location: Peachland, NC United States       Achievements: Inductee, Worldwide Lifetime Achievement (2017) Inductee, Top Female Executives (2012, 2015-2016) VIP of the Year (2013) Entrepreneur of the Year (2014-2015) Honoree, Distinguished Worldwide Humanitarian (2014) Featured Member, Pro-Files Magazine (2015) Inductee, Elite Women Worldwide (2016) Designations: Master of Education, Campbell… 
Read More











Cathleen Gruetzner 

Title:  Founder, Chief Executive Officer Company:  Weltschmertz Company Location:  Liberty Hill, TX Achievements: Inductee, Worldwide Lifetime Achievement (2016) Inductee, Elite American Business Owners (2016) Featured Member, Calendar Series (2016) Honoree, Distinguished Worldwide Humanitarian (2016) Inductee, Top Female Executives (2015)











Daniel L. Hertz Jr. 

Title:  Founder, CEO Company:  Red Bank-based Seals Eastern Inc. Location:  Little Silver, NJ Achievements: Inductee, Worldwide Lifetime Achievement (2016) Featured Member, Who’s Who in the World, Marquis Who’s Who (1994-1996, 1998-1999, 2001-2002, 2003-2016) Featured Member, Who’s Who in the East, Marquis Who’s Who (1996-1998) Featured Member, Who’s Who in Science and Engineering, Marquis Who’s Who… 
Read More











































































































































































Products – Yoli, LLC.













































































 












  












 






Products









			Products		


Yoli 


			2017-07-17T08:27:53+00:00		



 Better Body System




 Single Products




 Transformation Kits




 Lifetime Kits




 Product Catalog






 
 

 
 
 
 

































































































































 
 

