

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Zylo Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























zylo inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
Zylo, Inc. owns and operates a software-as-a-service (SaaS) optimization platform. The Company, through its platform, manages cloud-based applications. Zylo serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

55 Monument Circle
14th Floor
Idianapolis, IN 46204
United States


Phone:
-


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.zylo.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































































Eric Christopher | Crain's


















 




 




 





If I Knew Then...


            In this ongoing series, we ask executives, entrepreneurs and business leaders about mistakes that
            have shaped their business philosophy.
          

            Eric Christopher          



                CEO, Zylo Inc.              






              By Chris O'Malley














Small BusinessStartupsTech 


 


            Background:  
          
Indianapolis-based Zylo Inc. helps organizations manage and optimize their software-as-a-service subscriptions.

The Mistake: 
It was something I was pushing for throughout my career that I’m kind of glad didn’t happen.
When I came out of college I joined ExactTarget, now Salesforce.com. I was one of the younger sales reps on the team. I had some entrepreneurial experience that gave me a way to get in the door.
I had some initial success as a rep. Part of it was because we had this great product and they trained me well.
In the early days, I was always someone who wanted to move up, career-wise. Quickly. I was in my early 20s. I did inside sales. I moved quickly up to outside sales. And I started envisioning myself becoming a manager and moving up really quickly.
I went through year after year. I was an individual contributor for eight years. And I was always expressing at the end of every sales year that I wanted to jump into a management opportunity.
I wanted to take on a different role. Maybe move over to account management or something different. Some of my mentors at the time kind of were coaching me. My long-term vision was to become CEO of a company.
I started envisioning myself becoming a manager and moving up really quickly.

The Lesson: 
Scott Dorsey, who was CEO of ExactTarget, told me one good attribute of a CEO was to be really, really good at sales.
Now being a manager, I’ve coached people similarly, as well. Learning a specific skill set, and doing it long enough, can exponentially enable you to do other things faster.
I spent eight years as a sales producer. I had a lot of experience in sales – much longer than I thought I would. I think that prepared me better to be a VP of sales and actually skip the traditional “move up the ranks” path because, in the startup world, I don’t know it actually works that way.
I think after eight years I was actually in a better place to have learned enough and had enough experiences that I could be a better VP of sales to grow a team and hire really good reps. That’s because I knew what it was like first-hand.
I would sit in meetings and say, “It feels almost like my gut is telling me this or that” to make certain decisions. Someone told me your gut instinct is actually a collection of experiences that you’ve had. So your gut generally is factual, data-driven. That’s what your gut is, it’s really your experiences.
So I think if I had done a year of account management, a year of sales and a year of management – I don’t know if that would have been a better path for me.
I was thinking through how many times I was told “no” in my career to something I wanted early. I’m not saying you should not want to move up, but just appreciate and really try to master a role. Because if you do that I think it creates a lot of bigger open doors later.
Today, you never really get a chance to master a skill.
Follow Eric Christopher on Twitter at @echristopher and Zylo at @getzylo.







Crain's  Newsletter

        Every Crain’s email newsletter is designed around your preferences,
        based on location and the information that matters most to you.
      

Get your daily newsletter for:


choose your city
Atlanta
Austin
Baltimore
Boston
Charlotte
ChicagoCleveland Connecticut
Dallas
Denver
Detroit Houston
Indianapolis
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Nashville
New York Orlando
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Pittsburgh
Portland
Raleigh Durham
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
San Francisco
Seattle
Silicon Valley
St Louis
Tampa Bay
Toronto
Twin Cities
Utah
Washington D.C.





Subscribe






















Read Next









        Andrea Obston      

        The Mistake: 
In the early years of the firm, I made the mistake of thinking my clients had a firm...      









        Shaun Ritchie      

        The Mistake:
We didn't bring on people who could really execute on the vision we had soon enough....      









        Neville Ravji      

        Mistake:
Not relying on and delegating enough to my team members.
I was one of the founders of Tara...      


 










 
























 




	Zymöl | Hand-Crafted Organic Care



























Zymol


AUTOMOBILE

Sports~Classic Washing >
AutoWash
Strik, Glas & Clear Auto Bathe
Brite, Coat & Tyre

Sports~Classic Cleaning
Cleaner Wax
HD-Cleanse & HD-Clay
Leather & Vinyl Clean

Sports~Classic Feeding
Spray Detailer & Spray Glaze

Creame, Carbon, Japon, Saab & Volvo
Glasur & Jaguar
Ital & Titanium
Rouge & Ebony
Concours & Destiny
Atlantique & Vintage
Royale & Solaris
New Leather & Vinyl
Classic Leather & Vinyl
Seal, Detail & Field Glaze
Muscle~Street Rod
Route 66 Kit

Gift Kits
Starter Kits
Smart & Complete Kits
Sampler Kits
Leather Care Kit
Vinyl Care Kit


MOTORCYCLE


Talon


WATERCRAFT


Marina


AIRCRAFT


AGL


MUSIC

Guitar-Bass-Cello-Violin


Piano-Keyboard


Drums-Timpani




EQUINE

Horse Care
Coat Shampoo
Coat Condition

Mane & Tail Silk

Tack Care
Leathers
RUX Blanket Wash

Trailer Care
Autowash
Spray Glaze




TOOLS

Reines Water Purification


Applicators
Brushes
Duster
Towels & Wipes
Caddy, Chamois & Sponge
Car Covers
Cashmere
Doupioni Silk
Portable Garage




ESSENTIALS

Gifting
Gift Certificates
Gift Wrapping

Apparel
Barn
Garage
Bandstand
CarShow

Coffee



LEARNING CENTER

Quick Product Advisor

Using this Site
Security

MSDS/SDS
Product Manuals
Automotive

Music
Equine






(800) 999-5563~(352) 540-9085
Order Secure
Login

Your Cart-Purchase List









































Resellers & Dealers
Wholesale
Origins
Ingredients
About Us
Community




      MUNICH • NEW YORK • BEVERLY HILLS • TOKYO • LONDON • SYDNEY • PARIS • SINGAPORE • BEIJING • DUBAI • MOSCOW • TORONTO HONG KONG • STOCKHOLM • VANCOUVER • MIAMI • JAKARTA • PHOENIX • BUENOS AIRES • BRUSSELS • BRASLIA • NASSAU • REYKJAVIK • SANTO DOMINGO • HELSINKI • ROME • SEOUL • KUALA LUMPUR • MEXICO CITY • OSLO • WARSAW • MADRID • TAIPEI • BANGKOK • DAMMAM • ABU DHABI • ISTANBUL
 



e-2000 Award Winner





















Zylo Oral Care Pre-Pasted Toothbrushes and Education








































ZYLO, INC. Credit report, products, contacts













 Florida






Search









    ZYLO, INC.











Company number P00000117088
        

Status Inactive
        

FEI number 651084805
        

Company Type Domestic for Profit
        

Home State FL
        

Last activity date 9/19/2003
        

Date Of Incorporation 12/26/2000
        

Principal Address
            9100 NW 81ST COURT, TAMARAC, FL, 33321
            


Mailing Address 9100 NW 81ST COURT, TAMARAC, FL, 33321
        
ZYLO, INC. Principals

President, Secretary, Treasurer, Vice President
                Jaime John G
                 


Address
                9100 NW 81ST COURT, TAMARAC, FL, 33321
                 







Last Annual Reports

2002 5/22/2002
            

2002 5/22/2002
            

2001 5/11/2001
            
Registered Agent

Agent Name JAIME               JOHN (p)
        

Agent Address
                9100 NW 81ST COURT, TAMARAC, FL, 33321
                

ZYLO, INC. Events

1 ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT
            

filedDate 9/19/2003
            

Description
ZYLO, INC. has been set up 12/26/2000 in state FL.  
The current status of the business is Inactive. The ZYLO, INC. principal adress is 9100 NW 81ST COURT, TAMARAC, FL, 33321. 
Meanwhile you can send your letters to 9100 NW 81ST COURT, TAMARAC, FL, 33321. 
The company`s registered agent is JAIME               JOHN 9100 NW 81ST COURT, TAMARAC, FL, 33321.  
The company`s management are President, Secretary, Treasurer, Vice President - Jaime John G. The last significant event in the company history is ADMIN DISSOLUTION   FOR ANNUAL REPORT which is dated by 9/19/2003. This decision is take in action on unknown.  The company annual reports filed on Annual reports – 5/22/2002.






Comprehensive Report about this company
        





(view sample)








Similar Companies
ZYLO, LLC
ZYLOMED CORPORATION
ZYLOMED INC.
ZYLONIX CORP.
ZYLONIX, INC.
ZYLOR, LLC














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Zylo Inc. - Missouri City, TX - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



TX



Missouri City



Business Services, Nec



Business Services At Non-commercial Site



                            Zylo Inc.
                                    



 





















Z 


Zylo Inc.
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



4411 DIAMOND SPRINGS DR MISSOURI CITY, TX 77459
Get Directions



(281) 431-8070





Business Info



 Founded 2010
 Incorporated TX
 Annual Revenue $79,000.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Business Services At Non-commercial Site
 Contacts Suneesh Jose







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Zylo Inc. is located at 4411 Diamond Springs Dr in Missouri City and has been in the business of Business Services At Non-commercial Site since 2010. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







Z

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.














 


Blog - Zylo - SaaS Optimization Platform






























































                                        07.19.17                                    
How SaaS Technology Impacts Worker Engagement




            	                            Zylo            	                        












                                        07.05.17                                    
Coaching a Championship IT Team to the Cloud at the NCAA




            	                            Eric Christopher            	                        












                                        06.30.17                                    
Celebrating Milestones at Zylo




            	                            Ryan Carroll            	                        












                                        06.29.17                                    
Do you Know Which SaaS Apps Provide the Most Value in your Enterprise?




            	                            Amy Condle            	                        












                                        06.16.17                                    
Who Should Own the Enterprise SaaS Management Strategy?




            	                            Amy Condle            	                        












refresh







                Zylo            

                07.19.17            


How SaaS Technology Impacts Worker Engagement

                                Guest Post by Steve Pruden, SVP Human Resources, Appirio
In a recent research report from…

                            


Read More









                Mark Settle            

                07.12.17            


Don’t be victimized by technology innovation — turn it into a team sport!

                                ‘Innovative’ isn’t synonymous with ‘new,’ and other takeaways on innovation from…

                            


Read More









                Eric Christopher            

                07.05.17            


Coaching a Championship IT Team to the Cloud at the NCAA

                                It’s relatively easy to get the ‘science’ of IT down. The real trick to becoming a s…

                            


Read More









                Ryan Carroll            

                06.30.17            


Celebrating Milestones at Zylo

                                Over the last year, we have celebrated a lot of milestones at Zylo. We have integrated with some leading partners like S…

                            


Read More









                Amy Condle            

                06.29.17            


Do you Know Which SaaS Apps Provide the Most Value in your Enterprise?

                                At Zylo, we discover the SaaS applications in the enterprise and provide a SaaS management…

                            


Read More









                Amy Condle            

                06.19.17            


Data scientist Mark Clerkin’s journey, gamble and dream

                                Originally published via TechPoint – June 19, 2017:

“Let’s suppose that you were …

                            


Read More









                Amy Condle            

                06.16.17            


Who Should Own the Enterprise SaaS Management Strategy?

                                It’s Easy to Purchase SaaS, but SaaS Management is Hard
The 2017 “Internet Trends” report from Mary Meeker is ful…

                            


Read More









                Amy Condle            

                06.01.17            


Once You Know How Much You Spend on SaaS, What’s Next?

                                The Real Work Begins Once you Know your SaaS Application Spend
Using a SaaS Optimization Platform allows you to discove…

                            


Read More









                Amy Condle            

                05.26.17            


CIO Panel Discussion: Lessons Learned and Advice for the Future

                                Do you know any CIO who dreamed about growing up to become a CIO?
We don’t either! Jeff…

                            


Read More









                Cory Wheeler            

                05.25.17            


3 New Ways Procurement Can Drive and Define Value with the Cloud

                                Cost Savings are Table Stakes for Procurement
As I’ve discussed in previous blogs, the …

                            


Read More






1
2
3
…
7
Right 





Search





Filter Categories

All





Subscribe to Blog Updates




















 


Request a Glimpse SaaS Assessment - Zylo

































































Request a Glimpse SaaS Assessment









Glimpse is Zylo’s comprehensive analysis of an organization’s SaaS footprint
The output of the assessment includes powerful and actionable insights around spend and utilization, and a full data upload into the Zylo application. Fill out the form to learn more about Glimpse and receive a complimentary assessment.




Request an Assessment























 


Organizational Department Heads Have a New Task: Building Their SaaS Stacks - Zylo




































































                            09.28.16                        
Organizational Department Heads Have a New Task: Building Their SaaS Stacks




	                            Amy Condle	                        










Left Back to Blog

Share







Organizational department heads or leaders over specific teams have more and more demands on their shoulders. Their responsibilities have scaled over the past decade and especially the past several years to now include additional tasks above and beyond hiring, setting and tracking goals, leading teams, and specific departmental demands. Now, department heads are being asked to evaluate, purchase, and maintain their SaaS tech stacks—a responsibility that used to live solely the IT and Procurement teams.
The SaaS Buying Experience Has Changed
According to a recent article on Topo Blog, the software buying experience has improved in recent years. The article explains, “…The emergence of the SaaS model has had a profound impact on the buyer experience. While SaaS started out as a movement to deliver better products, many of its core principles have crept into the world of marketing and sales and impacted the experience that a buyer has with the company. For example, free trials are now common in the software industry—something that was extremely rare before the emergence of SaaS. There’s also been a major shift in power from software vendor to software buyer. Much of this is due to the internet of course. Buyers have access to more information online, are able to more easily connect with their peers, and can identify and evaluate different options. For example, pricing information is now readily available for most software products—again, something that was uncommon a few years ago.”
As author Scott Albro points out, SaaS has completely altered the software experience. No longer does a SaaS sales cycle take months or even years of evaluation and testing by IT and Procurement teams. No longer do organizations have to submit RFPs to multiple vendors in hopes they get straight answers in return. No longer do organizations have to commit to buying a software solution and hope that it works before trying it out in their unique infrastructure environment. 
This incredible shift in the way software is purchased has changed the buying and selling process forever. Now, organizational department heads can evaluate software that their team needs, make decisions on how it fits into the budget, maintain user licenses or choose to increase or decrease users, purchase services and even work with vendors on integrations, and ultimately be responsible for the success (or failure) or SaaS in their own departments. And usually this process happens in weeks or months, no longer in months or years. 
What Does Departmental SaaS Buying Look Like?
The Zylo team recently interviewed several executives at fast growing SaaS organizations to see how they delegate subscription-based software purchasing decisions. Below are two real life use cases of departmental SaaS buying: 
Amanda Lannert, CEO, Jellyvision explained, “Decisions about software purchases are made by individual teams and are based on that team’s goals. I like to say that we’re scrappy but not cheap. We want to stay lean and fast and if we can use software to get stuff done, then that’s great. If we want to optimize the lead nurturing process, for instance, we look at the people, processes, and tools associated. Departments who need to hit specific goals make the final decisions. For us, our prioritization is business strategy first, software second, and IT consolidation third.”
Andy MacMillan, CEO, Act-On Software shared, “We’ve moved towards an entirely SaaS-based model and we intend most decisions to be made at the departmental level. For example, sales applications are evaluated and purchased by the sales function, and the same holds true across all departments. For us, it’s less about managing pure costs and more about ensuring our business processes span across all applications used across the business. It’s imperative that all of our systems work together so data can easily move between departments and systems so we have complete insight into what’s happening at each level of the business. But the other piece for us is the collaboration concept: how should the internal team collaborate around those processes and applications? It’s imperative that we tie visibility across ALL applications. Our IT function has become less about managing cost and more about building processes across applications and ensuring collaboration.”
The Challenge of SaaS Visibility
Any executive in today’s digital world can tell you that the world of SaaS is continuing to shift and pivot the way companies conduct business—and most of the time for the better. But as decisions to move forward with renewals and upsells of SaaS subscriptions are often made at the department level within their respective budgets, this creates a disparate view at the top level. Add on to that the challenge of tracking employees software subscriptions when individuals or teams use their company or personal credit card for the sake of simplicity and avoiding red tape. Those “small” annual subscriptions add up quickly—especially when multiple employees or teams across the organization may be charging their credit cards for the same subscription.
Because buying decisions have shifted mainly to departments, executives must also consider the possibility of redundant subscriptions across the organization. It can be very costly and time consuming to track down whether multiple individuals or teams are using subscription software if they are simply charging it to their company or personal credit card. How can the Finance department gain visibility to determine if subscription redundancies are occurring in your organization? 
Support Departmental Buying By Gaining Executive Visibility
If you were to gain insight into tracking how many employees or teams are using any given SaaS application, along with how much they’re utilizing (or aren’t utilizing) the applications, wouldn’t you have your Finance team work out an Enterprise or Group discount, or better yet, roll all of those subscriptions into a single master agreement? Without real-time data to track and monitor SaaS subscriptions across your organization, you may be leaving thousands of dollars on the table.

Interested in unlocking the power of SaaS at your organization? Visit zylo.com to sign up for our newsletter or follow @getzylo on Twitter for more information.
 


About the Author






Amy Condle





Amy Condle is the Director of Marketing at Zylo, the leading SaaS optimization platform that transforms how companies manage and optimize the vast and accelerating number of cloud-based applications organizations rely on today. Amy has spent the last 10 years marketing B2B SaaS technology and is helping educate the market and define the new way to manage SaaS applications. She spent 6 years in marketing at ExactTarget and another 2 years after the Salesforce acquisition. Amy and her family reside in Indianapolis, IN, where they can be found cheering for the Butler Bulldogs and spending as much time outdoors as possible.







Like what you see?
Subscribe for more posts like this.


















 


About the Company - Zylo



































































Why SaaS for SaaS?
Zylo was founded on the belief that the rise of the subscription economy brings a new era of opportunities and challenges for the enterprise. Zylo’s vision is to create the most powerful platform in the world to unlock the full potential of SaaS for customers, providers, and users.











Leadership Team














                    Ryan Carroll                

                    VP Engineering                










                    Eric Christopher                

                    CEO                










                    Amy Condle                

                    Director Marketing                










                    Ben Pippenger                

                    VP Product                










                    M.T. Ray                

                    HR in Residence                










                    Cory Wheeler                

                    VP Services                













Backed by the Best
As the leading platform for cloud subscription optimization, Zylo is backed by some of the best enterprise software investors in the world.


















Join Our Team
We are looking for the best and brightest to help us revolutionize one of the biggest markets in the world.  If you think you might be a great fit, apply below.



                                Field Marketing Manager
                            
Learn More



                                Marketing Full Stack Designer
                            
Learn More


Don’t see what you’re looking for? Join our Talent Community.
















 


Zylo - SaaS Optimization Platform, One System of Record for SaaS Management




























































Customer Story
IT and Procurement Partner to Optimize Cloud Investments at kCura


Zylo is changing the way software is managed.
Zylo is the leading SaaS Optimization Platform. You can discover, manage, measure and optimize all SaaS applications from one system of record.
Request a Demo














All
3 New Ways Procurement Can Drive and Define Value with the Cloud

            Read More          







Zylo Named as Spend Matters 2017 50 to Watch Company

                Read More                              






All
Best Practices for Effective SaaS Renewal Management

                Read More                              











SaaS Management & Optimization
        How do we do it? By combining application spend, utilization, and feedback data, our SaaS management tool can:



Discover
all of the SaaS applications being purchased via your accounts payable or employee expense data



Manage
SaaS vendors from one system of record with all of the data to fuel strategic and proactive renewals



Measure
real-time utilization and employee sentiment to determine the value each application is providing



Optimize
your SaaS spend and utilization across the entire organization, from the largest to the smallest applications






Try the Leading SaaS Optimization Platform
Zylo customers range from the fastest growing tech companies in the world to leading enterprise financial and pharmaceutical companies and the largest consulting firms. Zylo customers monitor more than 6,000 SaaS applications and have over $300M of SaaS spend under management in our SaaS optimization platform.













              Zylo for IT            







              Zylo for Procurement            









The SaaS Explosion Creates Challenges
Zylo provides a SaaS for SaaS solution to complex problems, including:


















Spend & Vendor Management: Discover all Cloud and SaaS spend direct from financial systems and create a SaaS management system by associating spend and contract information with each application.


Utilization Measurement: Measure Cloud and SaaS applications with real-time license utilization and employee feedback to understand the value each application provides to quantify and qualify IT budgets.


License Optimization: Partner with the business to optimize Cloud and SaaS applications based on spend, active utilization, and employee sentiment. Real-time alerts help you proactively manage your SaaS.



            Learn More          










SaaS Integrations & Partnerships
Zylo automates the monitoring of critical SaaS information through integrations to your key business systems and SaaS partners.
























View All Partnerships














                Amy Condle            

                06.29.17            


Do you Know Which SaaS Apps Provide the Most Value in your Enterprise?

                                At Zylo, we discover the SaaS applications in the enterprise and provide a SaaS management…

                            


Read More












Zylo Integrates for Slack to Gain Real-Time SaaS User Feedback


                    04.11.17                


                                


IT and procurement teams receive feedback from cloud application users, where users work
INDIANAPOLIS--(BUSINESS …

                            


Read More






















