robot check enter the characters you see below sorry we just need to make sure youre not a robot for best results please make sure your browser is accepting cookies type the characters you see in this image try different image continue shopping conditions of use privacy policy   amazoncom inc or its affiliates yu fan  wikipedia yu fan from wikipedia the free encyclopedia jump to navigation search yu fan official of eastern wu born a died  aged  names traditional chinese  simplified chinese  pinyin yú fān wade–giles yü fan courtesy name zhongxiang chinese  pinyin zhòngxiáng wade–giles chunghsiang this is a chinese name the family name is yu yu fan – courtesy name zhongxiang was an official of the state of eastern wu in the three kingdoms period initially a minor officer under wang lang the administrator of kuaiji commandery yu fan later served under the warlord sun ce who conquered the territories in the jiangdong or wu region in a series of campaigns from – sun ce regarded him highly and once enlisted his help in persuading hua xin another commandery administrator to surrender after sun ces death yu fan continued serving under sun quan sun ces younger brother and successor sun quan confined him for some time due to his rude and disrespectful behaviour but released him in  and allowed him to accompany the general lü meng to attack jing province during the jing province campaign yu fan warned lü meng about a possible ambush when lü meng was celebrating a minor victory and was proven right later yu fan was known for being very candid outspoken and direct in speech as such he offended sun quan several times – including instances when he was drunk – and did not get along well with many of his colleagues he also mocked and belittled two enemy officers yu jin and mi fang who were treated generously by sun quan after their surrender sometime in the s sun quan could no longer tolerate yu fans disrespectful attitude and banished him to jiao province yu fan lived in exile for over a decade during which he spent his time lecturing and writing even while living in exile he was still concerned about state affairs and he once wrote to sun quan to advise him against sending a fleet across the sea to attack the warlord gongsun yuan in northeastern china but was ignored when the fleet sustained heavy losses due to storms sun quan regretted his decision and summoned yu fan back but yu had already died by then contents  historical sources on yu fans life  early life  service under wang lang  service under sun ce  persuading hua xin to surrender to sun ce  events after sun ces death  service under sun quan  role in the conquest of jing province  mocking yu jin  showing disrespect to sun quan  insulting mi fang  exile to jiao province and death  family  appraisal  in romance of the three kingdoms  see also  notes  references historical sources on yu fans lifeedit the authoritative historical source on yu fans life is the records of the three kingdoms sanguozhi written by chen shou in the third century in the fifth century pei songzhi annotated the sanguozhi by incorporating information from other sources to chen shous original work and adding his personal commentary the alternative texts used in the annotations to the sanguozhi are wu shu  book of wu by wei zhao yu fan biezhuan 別傳 unofficial biography of yu fan by an unknown writer jiang biao zhuan  by yu pu kuaiji dianlu  esteemed records of kuaiji by an unknown writer early lifeedit yu fan was from yuyao county  kuaiji commanderysanguozhi  which is in presentday yuyao zhejiang at a young age he was already known for being studious and extraordinary when he was  a guest who came to visit his elder brother ignored the young yu fan when he walked past him yu fan later wrote to the guest i heard that amber does not contain rotten plant material and that magnets do not attract bent needles is it not appropriate for you to ignore me when you walked past me the guest was very surprised after reading yu fans letter yu fan attracted greater attention after this incidentsanguozhi zhu  service under wang langedit when yu fan became older he served as an officer of merit  under wang lang the administrator  of kuaiji commandery in  the warlord sun ce who was on a series of military campaigns in the jiangdong or wu region and had already conquered some territories prepared to attack kuaiji yu fan was mourning the death of his father when he received news that sun ce was going to attack kuaiji so he rushed from his home to the commandery office and asked to meet wang lang he was still dressed in mourning garments then after entering the office yu fan removed his mourning garments and urged wang lang to avoid confrontation with sun ce wang lang ignored his advice and was defeated in battle by sun cesanguozhi  yu fan considered bringing wang lang north to guangling commandery  around presentday huaian jiangsu to evade sun ce but wang who believed in stories about the immortal wang fangping  wanted to travel to the south mountain and take shelter there yu fan then accompanied wang lang as they escaped from kuaiji by sea and headed south to houguan county  in presentday fuzhou fujian at houguan the county chief initially denied them entry but agreed after being persuaded by yu fan in houguan wang lang insisted on heading further south to jiao province to find the south mountain but yu fan objected those stories are nonsense there is no south mountain in jiao province for us to take sheltersanguozhi zhu sanguozhi  wang lang told yu fan later you have an elderly mother to take care of you can go back to kuaiji nowsanguozhi  the yu fan biezhuan provided a different account of the above events it mentioned that wang lang sent yu fan to meet hua xin the administrator of yuzhang commandery  around presentday nanchang jiangxi and discuss the forming of a military alliance between kuaiji and yuzhang however yu fan turned back before reaching his destination because he received news that sun ces army was advancing towards kuaiji his father died during that period of time yu fan did not return home immediately because he felt that he was still on a mission he travelled day and night to houguan to meet wang lang who then sent him home to attend his fathers funeralsanguozhi zhu  service under sun ceedit yu fan was reinstated as an officer of merit by sun ce after he returned to kuaiji sun ce treated him like a friend and visited his homesanguozhi  the jiang biao zhuan recorded that sun ce wrote to yu fan i wish to work together with you from now please do not say i treated you like a minor officer in a commanderysanguozhi zhu  sun ce was very fond of going on hunting excursions yu fan told him you gathered a mob used them to rein in the wandering scholargentry and earned their fervent allegiance towards you even emperor gao of han cant be compared to you when you dress casually and venture out the officials who accompany you usually dont have enough time to prepare for the trip while the servants and soldiers are getting tiresome a leader who doesnt behave in a serious manner doesnt command respect the white dragon transformed into a fish for fun and ended up being trapped by the fisherman yuqie  the white serpent behaved recklessly and ended up being slain by liu bang i hope you will be more careful sun ce replied youre right however sometimes when im thinking hard i feel frustrated if i were to sit down and think as such i venture out in search of insight and inspirationsanguozhi  the wu shu recorded that sun ce once led a military expedition against the shanyue and ventured into the hills alone after slaying the shanyue chief and sending his men to pursue and destroy the remaining shanyue forces he encountered yu fan who asked him where his bodyguards were when sun ce told him that he had ordered his bodyguards to join the rest of his men in attacking the shanyue yu fan exclaimed this is so dangerous he then asked sun ce to dismount from his horse and said the terrain here is deep and dangerous you cant control your horse well under such conditions so you should travel on foot guide your horse along and arm yourself with a bow and arrows im good in using a spear and ill lead the way after reaching flat ground sun ce mounted his horse again and asked yu fan you dont have a horse what are you going to do yu fan replied i can travel on foot im capable of travelling  li in a day since the start of the campaigns no one has been able to match my pace you can try letting a horse run and ill catch up with it on foot they encountered a signaller at the main road sun ce took the signallers horn and blew it his men recognised the sound of the horn and rushed there to join him they patrolled the area and pacified the three commanderiessanguozhi zhu  persuading hua xin to surrender to sun ceedit see also sun ces conquests in jiangdong the jiang biao zhuan recorded that in  when sun ce was leading an army to attack jiangxia commandery  around presentday yunmeng county hubei he passed by yuzhang commandery along the way and wanted to conquer it he invited yu fan to meet him and asked yu to help him ask yuzhangs administrator hua xin to surrender yu fan travelled to yuzhang and succeeded in convincing hua xin to surrender by pointing out that yuzhang stood no chance against sun ces forces hua xin surrendered to sun ce the following daysanguozhi zhu  after capturing yuzhang sun ce led his army back to wu commandery  in presentday suzhou jiangsu where he rewarded his subjects for their contributions he told yu fan that he heard that many ministers in the han imperial court in xu  presentday xuchang henan had the impression that jiangdong had no talents so he wanted to send yu fan there to meet them and prove them wrong he also considered sending zhang hong but he still preferred yu fan yu fan refused and said im like one of your treasured possessions you might lose me if you show me to others and they want me thats why i dont want to go there sun ce laughed and said i still have military campaigns to complete so i cant return home yet youre like my xiao he i intend to let you return to kuaiji as an officer of merit to help me guard the commandery yu fan travelled back to kuaiji three days latersanguozhi zhu  pei songzhi commented that the jiang biao zhuans account of yu fan persuading hua xin to surrender is less reliable as compared to another account from the wu li he felt that hua xin was not militarily weaker than wang lang as suggested in the jiang biao zhuan and he might have resisted sun ce if he was in control of kuaiji instead of yuzhangsanguozhi zhu  events after sun ces deathedit yu fan was appointed as the chief  of fuchun county  in presentday fuyang zhejiang later when sun ce died in  ce many countylevel officials wanted to travel to wu commandery to attend his funeral yu fan disapproved because he was worried that the shanyue tribes would take advantage of their absence to cause trouble in the counties hence he remained in fuchun county but wore mourning garments to express his grief the other officials followed suit and the area was peacefulsanguozhi  the wu shu and kuaiji dianlu recorded an incident involving sun hao  a cousin of sun ce sun hao held the appointment of general of the household who establishes martial might  and was stationed at wucheng county  in presentday huzhou zhejiang after sun ce died and was succeeded by his younger brother sun quan sun hao rallied his subordinates formed an army and prepared to attack kuaiji commandery when yu fan heard about it he ordered the people in kuaiji to guard the commandery and await orders from their new lord sun quan while he met sun hao personallysanguozhi zhu  he warned sun hao our former lord had passed away sun quan is now our new lord im prepared to lead everyone in kuaiji to defend the commandery and eliminate any threat to our new lord you better reconsider this sun hao retreatedsanguozhi zhu  pei songzhi pointed out a discrepancy between the sanguozhi account and the wu shu and kuaiji dianlu accounts about the appointment held by yu fan around  ce when sun ce died the sanguozhi mentioned that yu fan was the chief of fuchun county but the wu shu and kuaiji dianlu suggested that yu was still serving as an officer of merit in kuaiji commandery at the timesanguozhi zhu  service under sun quanedit yu fan was later nominated as a maocai  the han imperial court in xu  presentday xuchang henan offered him a position to be an imperial clerk  but he declined the offer the warlord cao cao who then held the nominal appointment of minister of works  even though he controlled the han central government also wanted to recruit yu fan to serve in his officesanguozhi  when yu fan heard about it he remarked the robber zhi  wishes to use his excess wealth to corrupt good people he then rejected cao caos offersanguozhi zhu  yu fan made annotations to the i ching and once sent his work to kong rong the minister steward  in the han court for him to read kong rong praised yu fans work and replied that yus work made him realise that there was more about the beauty of the southeast than just the bamboo arrows of kuaiji zhang hong the commandant of the east section in kuaiji  also wrote to kong rong and mentioned yu fan yu zhongxiang used to be scorned at by scholars a beautiful piece of jade may look simple on the outside but it sparkles after it is polished the ridicule he faced then had no negative effect on himsanguozhi  sun quan appointed yu fan as a cavalry commandant  yu fan was known for being very candid and direct in giving advice to sun quan but in doing so he offended his lord on many occasions and made him unhappy besides he was known for exhibiting socially deviant behaviour hence he did not get along well with others and was slandered by them sun quan had him confined in jing county  danyang commandery  in presentday chunan county zhejiangsanguozhi  role in the conquest of jing provinceedit main article lü mengs invasion of jing province in  sun quans general lü meng planned to attack liu beis territories in southern jing province which were guarded by lius general guan yu he claimed that he was ill and returned to jianye  presentday nanjing jiangsu to put guan yu off guard he also managed to persuade sun quan to release yu fan from confinement and let yu accompany him because yu had medical skills and could help to treat his illnesssanguozhi  later that year during the invasion of jing province after lü meng received the surrender of mi fang the administrator of nan commandery  commandery capital in presentday jiangling county hubei he did not immediately order his forces to occupy the city and instead held celebrations on the beach yu fan reminded lü meng as of now only general mi has surrendered to us we cannot trust that everyone in the city is willing to surrender too why are you celebrating here instead of quickly taking control of the city lü meng followed yu fans advice there was actually a planned ambush in the city but it was not successfully carried out because lü meng heeded yu fans warning in timesanguozhi  after guan yu was defeated sun quan ordered yu fan to use divination to predict the final outcome and yu concluded hell lose his head within two days yu fans prediction came true sun quan remarked you may not be as good as fuxi but youre comparable to dongfang shuosanguozhi  mocking yu jinedit cao caos general yu jin was captured by guan yu during the battle of fancheng and was held captive in nan commandery after sun quan seized control of nan commandery he released yu jin and treated him with respect one day when sun quan travelling on horseback he asked yu jin to ride beside him yu fan saw that and shouted at yu jin youre a surrendered prisonerofwar how dare you ride sidebyside with my lord he wanted to hit yu jin with his horsewhip but sun quan ordered him to stop later when yu jin joined sun quan in a feast with his subjects on board a ship he shed tears when he heard music being played yu fan mocked him are you trying to pretend to plead for mercy sun quan was very unhappy with yu fansanguozhi  in  after cao cao died his son cao pi forced emperor xian to abdicate in his favour thereby ending the han dynasty cao pi then established the state of cao wei sun quan made peace with cao pi and planned to send yu jin back to wei but yu fan objected and urged him to execute yu jin sun quan did not listen to yu fan on the day of yu jins departure sun quans subjects including yu fan came to see him off yu fan told yu jin dont you ever think there are no great men in wu it is just that my advice wasnt heeded despite being humiliated by yu fan during his stay in wu yu jin spoke highly of yu fan when he returned to wei cao pi even prepared a seat for yu fansanguozhi zhu  even though he knew that it would probably remain permanently unoccupied showing disrespect to sun quanedit in  cao pi made sun quan a vassal king under the title king of wu  after sun pledged allegiance to him sun quan threw a feast to celebrate with his subjects during the feast he moved around and personally poured wine for his subjects when he came to yu fan he saw that yu was lying on the ground and appeared to be drunk so he walked away yu fan immediately sat up as soon as sun quan walked away sun quan was furious when he saw that and he drew his sword and wanted to kill yu fan his subjects were all shocked and fearful only liu ji  the minister of finance stood up grabbed sun quan and pleaded with him to spare yu fan liu ji said if your majesty kills a good man when youre drunk even if yu fan is in the wrong who would understand the truth your majesty is famous and respected because you showed acceptance and tolerance towards virtuous and talented people over the years is it worth ruining your good reputation in just one day sun quan said if cao mengde can kill kong wenju why cant i do the same to yu fan liu ji replied mengde killed virtuous people recklessly hence he didnt win over peoples hearts your majesty promotes moral values and righteousness and wishes to be compared to yao and shun why are you comparing yourself to him sun quan then spared yu fan and instructed his men to ignore his orders in the future if he was not sober when he ordered someone to be executedsanguozhi  insulting mi fangedit yu fan once sailed along the river and encountered mi fang the sailors on mi fangs boat wanted yu fans boat to give way so they shouted make way for the generals boat yu fan replied angrily how can you serve a lord when youve already abandoned the values of loyalty and righteousness are you still fit to be called a general after youve lost two of your previous lords strongholds mi fang did not reply and he drew the curtains on his boat and instructed his men to give waysanguozhi  in another incident yu fan was riding in a carriage when he passed by mi fangs garrison along the way mi fangs men closed the gates so yu fan was unable to pass through yu fan was furious and he shouted you leave the gates open when they are supposed to be closed and you close them when they are supposed to be opened is this what you should be doing mi fang felt ashamed when he heard yu fans remarksanguozhi  exile to jiao province and deathedit yu fan was known to be very direct in his speech and there were many instances when he offended people while he was drunk once when sun quan and zhang zhao were talking about immortals yu fan pointed at zhang and shouted they are all dead people yet you call them immortals how can there be immortals in this world at this point sun quan could no longer tolerate yu fan so he exiled him to jiao province while he was in exile yu fan held lectures and had hundreds of studentssanguozhi  he also annotated ancient classics such as the daodejing lunyu and guoyusanguozhi  he was friendly with ding lan  and xu ling  both of them started their careers as lowranking officers serving in county offices but their lives changed after they met yu fan because they rose through the ranks and became famous later onsanguozhi  the yu fan biezhuan recorded that in  after sun quan proclaimed himself emperor and established the state of eastern wu yu fan wrote a memorial to congratulate him he also expressed remorse for his past mistakes and hinted that he hoped that sun quan would allow him to return to jianye  in presentday nanjing jiangsusanguozhi zhu  yu fan spent more than a decade living in exile he died at the age of  by east asian age reckoningsanguozhi  sun quan permitted yu fans family to bring his remains back to yuyao county for burial he also freed them from exilesanguozhi  when yu fan was living in exile he was still very concerned about state affairs for example he strongly opposed sun quans idea of sending an army across the sea to attack the warlord gongsun yuan in liaodong in northeastern china however he did not dare to voice his opinion directly to sun quan so he asked lü dai to help him pass his message to sun quan but lü did not sun quan heard about it later and was so angry with yu fan for opposing his decision that he banished yu further south to mengling county  cangwu commandery  which is located in presentday guangxisanguozhi zhu  sun quan sent a fleet to attack gongsun yuan but he regretted his decision later when storms caused the fleet to sustain heavy damage and losses he remembered yu fan and quickly sent messengers to jiao province to fetch yu fan back to jianye but yu had already diedsanguozhi zhu  familyedit yu fan had  sonssanguozhi  among them the notable ones were yu si yu zhong yu song and yu bing the names of his other sons were not recorded in history appraisaledit chen shou who wrote yu fans biography in the records of the three kingdoms noted that yu fan was very candid and direct in his speech he also commented that sun quans lack of tolerance for yu fan was a sign that sun was not a magnanimous personsanguozhi  in romance of the three kingdomsedit yu fan appeared as a character in luo guanzhongs historical novel romance of the three kingdoms which romanticises the history of the late eastern han dynasty and the three kingdoms period in chapter  yu fan was one of the wu scholars who debated with zhuge liang over sun quans decision to ally with liu bei against cao cao in chapter  during lü mengs invasion of jing province yu fan succeeded in persuaded guan yus subordinate fu shiren to surrender see alsoedit list of people of the three kingdoms notesedit  rafe de crespigny states in a biographical dictionary of later han to the three kingdoms – ad that yu fan died in  yu fans biography in the sanguozhi mentions that yu was  years old by east asian age reckoning when he died hence by calculation yu fan was probably born in  however the zizhi tongjian recorded that yu fan was already dead when sun quan wanted to recall him back from jiao province in the th or th month in the th year of the taihe era – in cao ruis reign this slightly contradicts the year of death given in de crespignys a biographical dictionary we use the year of death provided in de crespignys a biographical dictionary in this article referencesedit citations from sanguozhi vol   字，，  sanguozhi vol    王朗命為。，，，，，。，，  sanguozhi vol    。，，候官閉城不受，，。 sanguozhi vol   ：「，。」 sanguozhi vol   ，策復命為，，。 sanguozhi vol   ，：「，，，。，，。，，困於，，，。」：「。，，，。」 sanguozhi vol   為富春。，諸吏並欲出赴喪，：「，，。」。，。 sanguozhi vol   後翻州舉，漢召為，曹公為辟，。 sanguozhi vol   翻與孔融書，。：「，，，。，，，，。」張紘又與融書：「虞前頗為論者所侵，，，。」 sanguozhi vol   孫權以為。，，，，坐徙丹楊。 sanguozhi vol   ，稱疾還，，，。 sanguozhi vol   ，麋芳開城出降。，：「，，？」。，。 sanguozhi vol   ，，，，，：「，。」。：「，。」 sanguozhi vol   ，，，。，，，：「，！」，。，，：「？」。 sanguozhi vol   權旣為，，，，。，。，，，惟大司農起抱權諫：「，，，？，，，？」：「，孤於何有哉？」：「，。，、，？」。，，。 sanguozhi vol   ，，，：「！」：「，？，，？」。 sanguozhi vol   ，，，。：「，，？」，。 sanguozhi vol   ，。，：「，，！」，。，，。 sanguozhi vol   、、，。 sanguozhi vol   ，山陰，太末，，，，，。 sanguozhi vol   ，。 sanguozhi vol   ，。 sanguozhi vol   ，  sanguozhi vol   ：古之狂直，，，。 sanguozhi vol  chen shou records of the three kingdoms sanguozhi citations from annotations in the sanguozhi  ：，。，，，：「，，，！」，。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，朗惑記，「，」，。，，：「，，？」。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：朗使翻見豫章華歆，。，，。，以臣使有，，。，。，翻，，。 yu fan biezhuan annotation and pei songzhis note in sanguozhi vol   ：策書謂：「，，。」 jiang biao zhuan annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，，，。，：「。」：「！」：「，，，，。，。」，。：「？」：「，，，，，。」，，，，，，。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，，：「，。，，，，。」，，，：「，？」：「。」：「？？？」：「。」：「，，，，，。，，，，。，，，。」，，。 jiang biao zhuan annotation in sanguozhi vol   ，，，，謂：「，，，，，，。。，故前欲令卿一詣，，。，；。」：「，，，，。」：「。」：「，，卿復以為吾蕭何，。」，。 jiang biao zhuan annotation in sanguozhi vol   、，，。，，而述翻說華，「，」，此非也。王公拒戰，，實由孫策起，，，？，，，非必用之說也。，。案吳歷載翻：「，，，。」歆：「。」：「，？」：「大。」：「明府不如王會稽，；，。」，，歆乃荅當去。，歆。，。 pei songzhis annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，。暠，，，，。，，。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   載翻說暠：「，。，，，，，，。」。 kuaiji dianlu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，翻猶為，。 pei songzhis annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，：「欲以餘財污良家邪？」。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，，翻復諫：「，，。，。，，，。」。，翻謂禁：「，。」，猶盛歎翻，。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，翻因上書：「，、，，。，。，，，。，，，，，，，，，。，，，，，，，，，傍聽鍾鼓侃之樂，，，，，。」 yu fan biezhuan annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，，，，，，，，。，，，，。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，，，，乃令：「，。亮直，善於盡，。，。」，，，；，，。。 jiang biao zhuan annotation in sanguozhi vol  pei songzhi annotations to records of the three kingdoms sanguozhi zhu other sources  a b c （、）  ，始思之，。，。 zizhi tongjian vol   a b de crespigny rafe  a biographical dictionary of later han to the three kingdoms – ad brill p  isbn    zizhi tongjian vol   zizhi tongjian vol   zizhi tongjian vol   a b zizhi tongjian vol   zizhi tongjian vol   座上忽一人抗聲問：「，，，，？」，乃也。  不能對。 sanguo yanyi ch   至，，，。，。，。，，；，請入城。，。，。，即同齎印綬來荊州投降。 sanguo yanyi ch  luo guanzhong romance of the three kingdoms sanguo yanyi sima guang zizhi tongjian v t e prominent people of eastern wu emperors sun quan sun liang sun xiu sun hao empresses and noble ladies bu lianshi empress dowager he empress pan empress quan huijie empress teng fanglan lady xie empress zhu princes and royal figures sun ba sun deng sun fen sun he sun lü regents zhuge ke sun jun sun chen civil officers cen hun cheng bing gu tan gu yong he zhi hua he kan ze lu kai lu mao lu xun lü dai luo tong pan jun shi kuang shi xie shi yi shi zhi teng xiu teng yin wan yu wei zhao wu can xue xu xue ying xue zong yan jun yin li yong kai yu fan yuan yao zhang ti zhang xiu zhang zhao zhuge jin military officers bu zhi chen biao ding feng elder ding feng younger guanqiu xiu han dang he qi ling tong liu lue lu jing lu kang lü ju lü fan mi fang pan zhang quan cong shi hui song qian sun huan sun lang sun shao sun xin tang zi tao jun wang fan wei miao wen hu wen qin wen yang xie jing xu sheng yu si yu quan yu zhong zhang bu zhang cheng zhou fang zhou tai zhu huan zhu ju zhu ran zhu yi zhu zhi others cao buxing chen zhuo ge xuan lu ji zhi qian retrieved from httpsenwikipediaorgwindexphptitleyufanoldid categories  births deathssun ce and associatesofficials under sun quaneastern wu politicianshan dynasty politicians from zhejiangpoliticians from ningbowriters from ningbochinese spiritual writershan dynasty essayistseastern wu essayistsancient chinese physicianshidden categories articles containing chineselanguage text navigation menu personal tools not logged intalkcontributionscreate accountlog in namespaces article talk variants views read edit view history more search navigation main pagecontentsfeatured contentcurrent eventsrandom articledonate to wikipediawikipedia store interaction helpabout wikipediacommunity portalrecent changescontact page tools what links hererelated changesupload filespecial pagespermanent linkpage informationwikidata itemcite this page printexport create a bookdownload as pdfprintable version languages 한국어srpskohrvatski  српскохрватскиtiếng việt文 edit links this page was last edited on  january  at  text is available under the creative commons attributionsharealike license additional terms may apply by using this site you agree to the terms of use and privacy policy wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the wikimedia foundation inc a nonprofit organization privacy policy about wikipedia disclaimers contact wikipedia developers cookie statement mobile view yu fan  wikipedia yu fan from wikipedia the free encyclopedia jump to navigation search yu fan official of eastern wu born a died  aged  names traditional chinese  simplified chinese  pinyin yú fān wade–giles yü fan courtesy name zhongxiang chinese  pinyin zhòngxiáng wade–giles chunghsiang this is a chinese name the family name is yu yu fan – courtesy name zhongxiang was an official of the state of eastern wu in the three kingdoms period initially a minor officer under wang lang the administrator of kuaiji commandery yu fan later served under the warlord sun ce who conquered the territories in the jiangdong or wu region in a series of campaigns from – sun ce regarded him highly and once enlisted his help in persuading hua xin another commandery administrator to surrender after sun ces death yu fan continued serving under sun quan sun ces younger brother and successor sun quan confined him for some time due to his rude and disrespectful behaviour but released him in  and allowed him to accompany the general lü meng to attack jing province during the jing province campaign yu fan warned lü meng about a possible ambush when lü meng was celebrating a minor victory and was proven right later yu fan was known for being very candid outspoken and direct in speech as such he offended sun quan several times – including instances when he was drunk – and did not get along well with many of his colleagues he also mocked and belittled two enemy officers yu jin and mi fang who were treated generously by sun quan after their surrender sometime in the s sun quan could no longer tolerate yu fans disrespectful attitude and banished him to jiao province yu fan lived in exile for over a decade during which he spent his time lecturing and writing even while living in exile he was still concerned about state affairs and he once wrote to sun quan to advise him against sending a fleet across the sea to attack the warlord gongsun yuan in northeastern china but was ignored when the fleet sustained heavy losses due to storms sun quan regretted his decision and summoned yu fan back but yu had already died by then contents  historical sources on yu fans life  early life  service under wang lang  service under sun ce  persuading hua xin to surrender to sun ce  events after sun ces death  service under sun quan  role in the conquest of jing province  mocking yu jin  showing disrespect to sun quan  insulting mi fang  exile to jiao province and death  family  appraisal  in romance of the three kingdoms  see also  notes  references historical sources on yu fans lifeedit the authoritative historical source on yu fans life is the records of the three kingdoms sanguozhi written by chen shou in the third century in the fifth century pei songzhi annotated the sanguozhi by incorporating information from other sources to chen shous original work and adding his personal commentary the alternative texts used in the annotations to the sanguozhi are wu shu  book of wu by wei zhao yu fan biezhuan 別傳 unofficial biography of yu fan by an unknown writer jiang biao zhuan  by yu pu kuaiji dianlu  esteemed records of kuaiji by an unknown writer early lifeedit yu fan was from yuyao county  kuaiji commanderysanguozhi  which is in presentday yuyao zhejiang at a young age he was already known for being studious and extraordinary when he was  a guest who came to visit his elder brother ignored the young yu fan when he walked past him yu fan later wrote to the guest i heard that amber does not contain rotten plant material and that magnets do not attract bent needles is it not appropriate for you to ignore me when you walked past me the guest was very surprised after reading yu fans letter yu fan attracted greater attention after this incidentsanguozhi zhu  service under wang langedit when yu fan became older he served as an officer of merit  under wang lang the administrator  of kuaiji commandery in  the warlord sun ce who was on a series of military campaigns in the jiangdong or wu region and had already conquered some territories prepared to attack kuaiji yu fan was mourning the death of his father when he received news that sun ce was going to attack kuaiji so he rushed from his home to the commandery office and asked to meet wang lang he was still dressed in mourning garments then after entering the office yu fan removed his mourning garments and urged wang lang to avoid confrontation with sun ce wang lang ignored his advice and was defeated in battle by sun cesanguozhi  yu fan considered bringing wang lang north to guangling commandery  around presentday huaian jiangsu to evade sun ce but wang who believed in stories about the immortal wang fangping  wanted to travel to the south mountain and take shelter there yu fan then accompanied wang lang as they escaped from kuaiji by sea and headed south to houguan county  in presentday fuzhou fujian at houguan the county chief initially denied them entry but agreed after being persuaded by yu fan in houguan wang lang insisted on heading further south to jiao province to find the south mountain but yu fan objected those stories are nonsense there is no south mountain in jiao province for us to take sheltersanguozhi zhu sanguozhi  wang lang told yu fan later you have an elderly mother to take care of you can go back to kuaiji nowsanguozhi  the yu fan biezhuan provided a different account of the above events it mentioned that wang lang sent yu fan to meet hua xin the administrator of yuzhang commandery  around presentday nanchang jiangxi and discuss the forming of a military alliance between kuaiji and yuzhang however yu fan turned back before reaching his destination because he received news that sun ces army was advancing towards kuaiji his father died during that period of time yu fan did not return home immediately because he felt that he was still on a mission he travelled day and night to houguan to meet wang lang who then sent him home to attend his fathers funeralsanguozhi zhu  service under sun ceedit yu fan was reinstated as an officer of merit by sun ce after he returned to kuaiji sun ce treated him like a friend and visited his homesanguozhi  the jiang biao zhuan recorded that sun ce wrote to yu fan i wish to work together with you from now please do not say i treated you like a minor officer in a commanderysanguozhi zhu  sun ce was very fond of going on hunting excursions yu fan told him you gathered a mob used them to rein in the wandering scholargentry and earned their fervent allegiance towards you even emperor gao of han cant be compared to you when you dress casually and venture out the officials who accompany you usually dont have enough time to prepare for the trip while the servants and soldiers are getting tiresome a leader who doesnt behave in a serious manner doesnt command respect the white dragon transformed into a fish for fun and ended up being trapped by the fisherman yuqie  the white serpent behaved recklessly and ended up being slain by liu bang i hope you will be more careful sun ce replied youre right however sometimes when im thinking hard i feel frustrated if i were to sit down and think as such i venture out in search of insight and inspirationsanguozhi  the wu shu recorded that sun ce once led a military expedition against the shanyue and ventured into the hills alone after slaying the shanyue chief and sending his men to pursue and destroy the remaining shanyue forces he encountered yu fan who asked him where his bodyguards were when sun ce told him that he had ordered his bodyguards to join the rest of his men in attacking the shanyue yu fan exclaimed this is so dangerous he then asked sun ce to dismount from his horse and said the terrain here is deep and dangerous you cant control your horse well under such conditions so you should travel on foot guide your horse along and arm yourself with a bow and arrows im good in using a spear and ill lead the way after reaching flat ground sun ce mounted his horse again and asked yu fan you dont have a horse what are you going to do yu fan replied i can travel on foot im capable of travelling  li in a day since the start of the campaigns no one has been able to match my pace you can try letting a horse run and ill catch up with it on foot they encountered a signaller at the main road sun ce took the signallers horn and blew it his men recognised the sound of the horn and rushed there to join him they patrolled the area and pacified the three commanderiessanguozhi zhu  persuading hua xin to surrender to sun ceedit see also sun ces conquests in jiangdong the jiang biao zhuan recorded that in  when sun ce was leading an army to attack jiangxia commandery  around presentday yunmeng county hubei he passed by yuzhang commandery along the way and wanted to conquer it he invited yu fan to meet him and asked yu to help him ask yuzhangs administrator hua xin to surrender yu fan travelled to yuzhang and succeeded in convincing hua xin to surrender by pointing out that yuzhang stood no chance against sun ces forces hua xin surrendered to sun ce the following daysanguozhi zhu  after capturing yuzhang sun ce led his army back to wu commandery  in presentday suzhou jiangsu where he rewarded his subjects for their contributions he told yu fan that he heard that many ministers in the han imperial court in xu  presentday xuchang henan had the impression that jiangdong had no talents so he wanted to send yu fan there to meet them and prove them wrong he also considered sending zhang hong but he still preferred yu fan yu fan refused and said im like one of your treasured possessions you might lose me if you show me to others and they want me thats why i dont want to go there sun ce laughed and said i still have military campaigns to complete so i cant return home yet youre like my xiao he i intend to let you return to kuaiji as an officer of merit to help me guard the commandery yu fan travelled back to kuaiji three days latersanguozhi zhu  pei songzhi commented that the jiang biao zhuans account of yu fan persuading hua xin to surrender is less reliable as compared to another account from the wu li he felt that hua xin was not militarily weaker than wang lang as suggested in the jiang biao zhuan and he might have resisted sun ce if he was in control of kuaiji instead of yuzhangsanguozhi zhu  events after sun ces deathedit yu fan was appointed as the chief  of fuchun county  in presentday fuyang zhejiang later when sun ce died in  ce many countylevel officials wanted to travel to wu commandery to attend his funeral yu fan disapproved because he was worried that the shanyue tribes would take advantage of their absence to cause trouble in the counties hence he remained in fuchun county but wore mourning garments to express his grief the other officials followed suit and the area was peacefulsanguozhi  the wu shu and kuaiji dianlu recorded an incident involving sun hao  a cousin of sun ce sun hao held the appointment of general of the household who establishes martial might  and was stationed at wucheng county  in presentday huzhou zhejiang after sun ce died and was succeeded by his younger brother sun quan sun hao rallied his subordinates formed an army and prepared to attack kuaiji commandery when yu fan heard about it he ordered the people in kuaiji to guard the commandery and await orders from their new lord sun quan while he met sun hao personallysanguozhi zhu  he warned sun hao our former lord had passed away sun quan is now our new lord im prepared to lead everyone in kuaiji to defend the commandery and eliminate any threat to our new lord you better reconsider this sun hao retreatedsanguozhi zhu  pei songzhi pointed out a discrepancy between the sanguozhi account and the wu shu and kuaiji dianlu accounts about the appointment held by yu fan around  ce when sun ce died the sanguozhi mentioned that yu fan was the chief of fuchun county but the wu shu and kuaiji dianlu suggested that yu was still serving as an officer of merit in kuaiji commandery at the timesanguozhi zhu  service under sun quanedit yu fan was later nominated as a maocai  the han imperial court in xu  presentday xuchang henan offered him a position to be an imperial clerk  but he declined the offer the warlord cao cao who then held the nominal appointment of minister of works  even though he controlled the han central government also wanted to recruit yu fan to serve in his officesanguozhi  when yu fan heard about it he remarked the robber zhi  wishes to use his excess wealth to corrupt good people he then rejected cao caos offersanguozhi zhu  yu fan made annotations to the i ching and once sent his work to kong rong the minister steward  in the han court for him to read kong rong praised yu fans work and replied that yus work made him realise that there was more about the beauty of the southeast than just the bamboo arrows of kuaiji zhang hong the commandant of the east section in kuaiji  also wrote to kong rong and mentioned yu fan yu zhongxiang used to be scorned at by scholars a beautiful piece of jade may look simple on the outside but it sparkles after it is polished the ridicule he faced then had no negative effect on himsanguozhi  sun quan appointed yu fan as a cavalry commandant  yu fan was known for being very candid and direct in giving advice to sun quan but in doing so he offended his lord on many occasions and made him unhappy besides he was known for exhibiting socially deviant behaviour hence he did not get along well with others and was slandered by them sun quan had him confined in jing county  danyang commandery  in presentday chunan county zhejiangsanguozhi  role in the conquest of jing provinceedit main article lü mengs invasion of jing province in  sun quans general lü meng planned to attack liu beis territories in southern jing province which were guarded by lius general guan yu he claimed that he was ill and returned to jianye  presentday nanjing jiangsu to put guan yu off guard he also managed to persuade sun quan to release yu fan from confinement and let yu accompany him because yu had medical skills and could help to treat his illnesssanguozhi  later that year during the invasion of jing province after lü meng received the surrender of mi fang the administrator of nan commandery  commandery capital in presentday jiangling county hubei he did not immediately order his forces to occupy the city and instead held celebrations on the beach yu fan reminded lü meng as of now only general mi has surrendered to us we cannot trust that everyone in the city is willing to surrender too why are you celebrating here instead of quickly taking control of the city lü meng followed yu fans advice there was actually a planned ambush in the city but it was not successfully carried out because lü meng heeded yu fans warning in timesanguozhi  after guan yu was defeated sun quan ordered yu fan to use divination to predict the final outcome and yu concluded hell lose his head within two days yu fans prediction came true sun quan remarked you may not be as good as fuxi but youre comparable to dongfang shuosanguozhi  mocking yu jinedit cao caos general yu jin was captured by guan yu during the battle of fancheng and was held captive in nan commandery after sun quan seized control of nan commandery he released yu jin and treated him with respect one day when sun quan travelling on horseback he asked yu jin to ride beside him yu fan saw that and shouted at yu jin youre a surrendered prisonerofwar how dare you ride sidebyside with my lord he wanted to hit yu jin with his horsewhip but sun quan ordered him to stop later when yu jin joined sun quan in a feast with his subjects on board a ship he shed tears when he heard music being played yu fan mocked him are you trying to pretend to plead for mercy sun quan was very unhappy with yu fansanguozhi  in  after cao cao died his son cao pi forced emperor xian to abdicate in his favour thereby ending the han dynasty cao pi then established the state of cao wei sun quan made peace with cao pi and planned to send yu jin back to wei but yu fan objected and urged him to execute yu jin sun quan did not listen to yu fan on the day of yu jins departure sun quans subjects including yu fan came to see him off yu fan told yu jin dont you ever think there are no great men in wu it is just that my advice wasnt heeded despite being humiliated by yu fan during his stay in wu yu jin spoke highly of yu fan when he returned to wei cao pi even prepared a seat for yu fansanguozhi zhu  even though he knew that it would probably remain permanently unoccupied showing disrespect to sun quanedit in  cao pi made sun quan a vassal king under the title king of wu  after sun pledged allegiance to him sun quan threw a feast to celebrate with his subjects during the feast he moved around and personally poured wine for his subjects when he came to yu fan he saw that yu was lying on the ground and appeared to be drunk so he walked away yu fan immediately sat up as soon as sun quan walked away sun quan was furious when he saw that and he drew his sword and wanted to kill yu fan his subjects were all shocked and fearful only liu ji  the minister of finance stood up grabbed sun quan and pleaded with him to spare yu fan liu ji said if your majesty kills a good man when youre drunk even if yu fan is in the wrong who would understand the truth your majesty is famous and respected because you showed acceptance and tolerance towards virtuous and talented people over the years is it worth ruining your good reputation in just one day sun quan said if cao mengde can kill kong wenju why cant i do the same to yu fan liu ji replied mengde killed virtuous people recklessly hence he didnt win over peoples hearts your majesty promotes moral values and righteousness and wishes to be compared to yao and shun why are you comparing yourself to him sun quan then spared yu fan and instructed his men to ignore his orders in the future if he was not sober when he ordered someone to be executedsanguozhi  insulting mi fangedit yu fan once sailed along the river and encountered mi fang the sailors on mi fangs boat wanted yu fans boat to give way so they shouted make way for the generals boat yu fan replied angrily how can you serve a lord when youve already abandoned the values of loyalty and righteousness are you still fit to be called a general after youve lost two of your previous lords strongholds mi fang did not reply and he drew the curtains on his boat and instructed his men to give waysanguozhi  in another incident yu fan was riding in a carriage when he passed by mi fangs garrison along the way mi fangs men closed the gates so yu fan was unable to pass through yu fan was furious and he shouted you leave the gates open when they are supposed to be closed and you close them when they are supposed to be opened is this what you should be doing mi fang felt ashamed when he heard yu fans remarksanguozhi  exile to jiao province and deathedit yu fan was known to be very direct in his speech and there were many instances when he offended people while he was drunk once when sun quan and zhang zhao were talking about immortals yu fan pointed at zhang and shouted they are all dead people yet you call them immortals how can there be immortals in this world at this point sun quan could no longer tolerate yu fan so he exiled him to jiao province while he was in exile yu fan held lectures and had hundreds of studentssanguozhi  he also annotated ancient classics such as the daodejing lunyu and guoyusanguozhi  he was friendly with ding lan  and xu ling  both of them started their careers as lowranking officers serving in county offices but their lives changed after they met yu fan because they rose through the ranks and became famous later onsanguozhi  the yu fan biezhuan recorded that in  after sun quan proclaimed himself emperor and established the state of eastern wu yu fan wrote a memorial to congratulate him he also expressed remorse for his past mistakes and hinted that he hoped that sun quan would allow him to return to jianye  in presentday nanjing jiangsusanguozhi zhu  yu fan spent more than a decade living in exile he died at the age of  by east asian age reckoningsanguozhi  sun quan permitted yu fans family to bring his remains back to yuyao county for burial he also freed them from exilesanguozhi  when yu fan was living in exile he was still very concerned about state affairs for example he strongly opposed sun quans idea of sending an army across the sea to attack the warlord gongsun yuan in liaodong in northeastern china however he did not dare to voice his opinion directly to sun quan so he asked lü dai to help him pass his message to sun quan but lü did not sun quan heard about it later and was so angry with yu fan for opposing his decision that he banished yu further south to mengling county  cangwu commandery  which is located in presentday guangxisanguozhi zhu  sun quan sent a fleet to attack gongsun yuan but he regretted his decision later when storms caused the fleet to sustain heavy damage and losses he remembered yu fan and quickly sent messengers to jiao province to fetch yu fan back to jianye but yu had already diedsanguozhi zhu  familyedit yu fan had  sonssanguozhi  among them the notable ones were yu si yu zhong yu song and yu bing the names of his other sons were not recorded in history appraisaledit chen shou who wrote yu fans biography in the records of the three kingdoms noted that yu fan was very candid and direct in his speech he also commented that sun quans lack of tolerance for yu fan was a sign that sun was not a magnanimous personsanguozhi  in romance of the three kingdomsedit yu fan appeared as a character in luo guanzhongs historical novel romance of the three kingdoms which romanticises the history of the late eastern han dynasty and the three kingdoms period in chapter  yu fan was one of the wu scholars who debated with zhuge liang over sun quans decision to ally with liu bei against cao cao in chapter  during lü mengs invasion of jing province yu fan succeeded in persuaded guan yus subordinate fu shiren to surrender see alsoedit list of people of the three kingdoms notesedit  rafe de crespigny states in a biographical dictionary of later han to the three kingdoms – ad that yu fan died in  yu fans biography in the sanguozhi mentions that yu was  years old by east asian age reckoning when he died hence by calculation yu fan was probably born in  however the zizhi tongjian recorded that yu fan was already dead when sun quan wanted to recall him back from jiao province in the th or th month in the th year of the taihe era – in cao ruis reign this slightly contradicts the year of death given in de crespignys a biographical dictionary we use the year of death provided in de crespignys a biographical dictionary in this article referencesedit citations from sanguozhi vol   字，，  sanguozhi vol    王朗命為。，，，，，。，，  sanguozhi vol    。，，候官閉城不受，，。 sanguozhi vol   ：「，。」 sanguozhi vol   ，策復命為，，。 sanguozhi vol   ，：「，，，。，，。，，困於，，，。」：「。，，，。」 sanguozhi vol   為富春。，諸吏並欲出赴喪，：「，，。」。，。 sanguozhi vol   後翻州舉，漢召為，曹公為辟，。 sanguozhi vol   翻與孔融書，。：「，，，。，，，，。」張紘又與融書：「虞前頗為論者所侵，，，。」 sanguozhi vol   孫權以為。，，，，坐徙丹楊。 sanguozhi vol   ，稱疾還，，，。 sanguozhi vol   ，麋芳開城出降。，：「，，？」。，。 sanguozhi vol   ，，，，，：「，。」。：「，。」 sanguozhi vol   ，，，。，，，：「，！」，。，，：「？」。 sanguozhi vol   權旣為，，，，。，。，，，惟大司農起抱權諫：「，，，？，，，？」：「，孤於何有哉？」：「，。，、，？」。，，。 sanguozhi vol   ，，，：「！」：「，？，，？」。 sanguozhi vol   ，，，。：「，，？」，。 sanguozhi vol   ，。，：「，，！」，。，，。 sanguozhi vol   、、，。 sanguozhi vol   ，山陰，太末，，，，，。 sanguozhi vol   ，。 sanguozhi vol   ，。 sanguozhi vol   ，  sanguozhi vol   ：古之狂直，，，。 sanguozhi vol  chen shou records of the three kingdoms sanguozhi citations from annotations in the sanguozhi  ：，。，，，：「，，，！」，。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，朗惑記，「，」，。，，：「，，？」。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：朗使翻見豫章華歆，。，，。，以臣使有，，。，。，翻，，。 yu fan biezhuan annotation and pei songzhis note in sanguozhi vol   ：策書謂：「，，。」 jiang biao zhuan annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，，，。，：「。」：「！」：「，，，，。，。」，。：「？」：「，，，，，。」，，，，，，。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，，：「，。，，，，。」，，，：「，？」：「。」：「？？？」：「。」：「，，，，，。，，，，。，，，。」，，。 jiang biao zhuan annotation in sanguozhi vol   ，，，，謂：「，，，，，，。。，故前欲令卿一詣，，。，；。」：「，，，，。」：「。」：「，，卿復以為吾蕭何，。」，。 jiang biao zhuan annotation in sanguozhi vol   、，，。，，而述翻說華，「，」，此非也。王公拒戰，，實由孫策起，，，？，，，非必用之說也。，。案吳歷載翻：「，，，。」歆：「。」：「，？」：「大。」：「明府不如王會稽，；，。」，，歆乃荅當去。，歆。，。 pei songzhis annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，。暠，，，，。，，。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   載翻說暠：「，。，，，，，，。」。 kuaiji dianlu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，翻猶為，。 pei songzhis annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，：「欲以餘財污良家邪？」。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，，翻復諫：「，，。，。，，，。」。，翻謂禁：「，。」，猶盛歎翻，。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，翻因上書：「，、，，。，。，，，。，，，，，，，，，。，，，，，，，，，傍聽鍾鼓侃之樂，，，，，。」 yu fan biezhuan annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，，，，，，，，。，，，，。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，，，，乃令：「，。亮直，善於盡，。，。」，，，；，，。。 jiang biao zhuan annotation in sanguozhi vol  pei songzhi annotations to records of the three kingdoms sanguozhi zhu other sources  a b c （、）  ，始思之，。，。 zizhi tongjian vol   a b de crespigny rafe  a biographical dictionary of later han to the three kingdoms – ad brill p  isbn    zizhi tongjian vol   zizhi tongjian vol   zizhi tongjian vol   a b zizhi tongjian vol   zizhi tongjian vol   座上忽一人抗聲問：「，，，，？」，乃也。  不能對。 sanguo yanyi ch   至，，，。，。，。，，；，請入城。，。，。，即同齎印綬來荊州投降。 sanguo yanyi ch  luo guanzhong romance of the three kingdoms sanguo yanyi sima guang zizhi tongjian v t e prominent people of eastern wu emperors sun quan sun liang sun xiu sun hao empresses and noble ladies bu lianshi empress dowager he empress pan empress quan huijie empress teng fanglan lady xie empress zhu princes and royal figures sun ba sun deng sun fen sun he sun lü regents zhuge ke sun jun sun chen civil officers cen hun cheng bing gu tan gu yong he zhi hua he kan ze lu kai lu mao lu xun lü dai luo tong pan jun shi kuang shi xie shi yi shi zhi teng xiu teng yin wan yu wei zhao wu can xue xu xue ying xue zong yan jun yin li yong kai yu fan yuan yao zhang ti zhang xiu zhang zhao zhuge jin military officers bu zhi chen biao ding feng elder ding feng younger guanqiu xiu han dang he qi ling tong liu lue lu jing lu kang lü ju lü fan mi fang pan zhang quan cong shi hui song qian sun huan sun lang sun shao sun xin tang zi tao jun wang fan wei miao wen hu wen qin wen yang xie jing xu sheng yu si yu quan yu zhong zhang bu zhang cheng zhou fang zhou tai zhu huan zhu ju zhu ran zhu yi zhu zhi others cao buxing chen zhuo ge xuan lu ji zhi qian retrieved from httpsenwikipediaorgwindexphptitleyufanoldid categories  births deathssun ce and associatesofficials under sun quaneastern wu politicianshan dynasty politicians from zhejiangpoliticians from ningbowriters from ningbochinese spiritual writershan dynasty essayistseastern wu essayistsancient chinese physicianshidden categories articles containing chineselanguage text navigation menu personal tools not logged intalkcontributionscreate accountlog in namespaces article talk variants views read edit view history more search navigation main pagecontentsfeatured contentcurrent eventsrandom articledonate to wikipediawikipedia store interaction helpabout wikipediacommunity portalrecent changescontact page tools what links hererelated changesupload filespecial pagespermanent linkpage informationwikidata itemcite this page printexport create a bookdownload as pdfprintable version languages 한국어srpskohrvatski  српскохрватскиtiếng việt文 edit links this page was last edited on  january  at  text is available under the creative commons attributionsharealike license additional terms may apply by using this site you agree to the terms of use and privacy policy wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the wikimedia foundation inc a nonprofit organization privacy policy about wikipedia disclaimers contact wikipedia developers cookie statement mobile view yu fan  wikipedia yu fan from wikipedia the free encyclopedia jump to navigation search yu fan official of eastern wu born a died  aged  names traditional chinese  simplified chinese  pinyin yú fān wade–giles yü fan courtesy name zhongxiang chinese  pinyin zhòngxiáng wade–giles chunghsiang this is a chinese name the family name is yu yu fan – courtesy name zhongxiang was an official of the state of eastern wu in the three kingdoms period initially a minor officer under wang lang the administrator of kuaiji commandery yu fan later served under the warlord sun ce who conquered the territories in the jiangdong or wu region in a series of campaigns from – sun ce regarded him highly and once enlisted his help in persuading hua xin another commandery administrator to surrender after sun ces death yu fan continued serving under sun quan sun ces younger brother and successor sun quan confined him for some time due to his rude and disrespectful behaviour but released him in  and allowed him to accompany the general lü meng to attack jing province during the jing province campaign yu fan warned lü meng about a possible ambush when lü meng was celebrating a minor victory and was proven right later yu fan was known for being very candid outspoken and direct in speech as such he offended sun quan several times – including instances when he was drunk – and did not get along well with many of his colleagues he also mocked and belittled two enemy officers yu jin and mi fang who were treated generously by sun quan after their surrender sometime in the s sun quan could no longer tolerate yu fans disrespectful attitude and banished him to jiao province yu fan lived in exile for over a decade during which he spent his time lecturing and writing even while living in exile he was still concerned about state affairs and he once wrote to sun quan to advise him against sending a fleet across the sea to attack the warlord gongsun yuan in northeastern china but was ignored when the fleet sustained heavy losses due to storms sun quan regretted his decision and summoned yu fan back but yu had already died by then contents  historical sources on yu fans life  early life  service under wang lang  service under sun ce  persuading hua xin to surrender to sun ce  events after sun ces death  service under sun quan  role in the conquest of jing province  mocking yu jin  showing disrespect to sun quan  insulting mi fang  exile to jiao province and death  family  appraisal  in romance of the three kingdoms  see also  notes  references historical sources on yu fans lifeedit the authoritative historical source on yu fans life is the records of the three kingdoms sanguozhi written by chen shou in the third century in the fifth century pei songzhi annotated the sanguozhi by incorporating information from other sources to chen shous original work and adding his personal commentary the alternative texts used in the annotations to the sanguozhi are wu shu  book of wu by wei zhao yu fan biezhuan 別傳 unofficial biography of yu fan by an unknown writer jiang biao zhuan  by yu pu kuaiji dianlu  esteemed records of kuaiji by an unknown writer early lifeedit yu fan was from yuyao county  kuaiji commanderysanguozhi  which is in presentday yuyao zhejiang at a young age he was already known for being studious and extraordinary when he was  a guest who came to visit his elder brother ignored the young yu fan when he walked past him yu fan later wrote to the guest i heard that amber does not contain rotten plant material and that magnets do not attract bent needles is it not appropriate for you to ignore me when you walked past me the guest was very surprised after reading yu fans letter yu fan attracted greater attention after this incidentsanguozhi zhu  service under wang langedit when yu fan became older he served as an officer of merit  under wang lang the administrator  of kuaiji commandery in  the warlord sun ce who was on a series of military campaigns in the jiangdong or wu region and had already conquered some territories prepared to attack kuaiji yu fan was mourning the death of his father when he received news that sun ce was going to attack kuaiji so he rushed from his home to the commandery office and asked to meet wang lang he was still dressed in mourning garments then after entering the office yu fan removed his mourning garments and urged wang lang to avoid confrontation with sun ce wang lang ignored his advice and was defeated in battle by sun cesanguozhi  yu fan considered bringing wang lang north to guangling commandery  around presentday huaian jiangsu to evade sun ce but wang who believed in stories about the immortal wang fangping  wanted to travel to the south mountain and take shelter there yu fan then accompanied wang lang as they escaped from kuaiji by sea and headed south to houguan county  in presentday fuzhou fujian at houguan the county chief initially denied them entry but agreed after being persuaded by yu fan in houguan wang lang insisted on heading further south to jiao province to find the south mountain but yu fan objected those stories are nonsense there is no south mountain in jiao province for us to take sheltersanguozhi zhu sanguozhi  wang lang told yu fan later you have an elderly mother to take care of you can go back to kuaiji nowsanguozhi  the yu fan biezhuan provided a different account of the above events it mentioned that wang lang sent yu fan to meet hua xin the administrator of yuzhang commandery  around presentday nanchang jiangxi and discuss the forming of a military alliance between kuaiji and yuzhang however yu fan turned back before reaching his destination because he received news that sun ces army was advancing towards kuaiji his father died during that period of time yu fan did not return home immediately because he felt that he was still on a mission he travelled day and night to houguan to meet wang lang who then sent him home to attend his fathers funeralsanguozhi zhu  service under sun ceedit yu fan was reinstated as an officer of merit by sun ce after he returned to kuaiji sun ce treated him like a friend and visited his homesanguozhi  the jiang biao zhuan recorded that sun ce wrote to yu fan i wish to work together with you from now please do not say i treated you like a minor officer in a commanderysanguozhi zhu  sun ce was very fond of going on hunting excursions yu fan told him you gathered a mob used them to rein in the wandering scholargentry and earned their fervent allegiance towards you even emperor gao of han cant be compared to you when you dress casually and venture out the officials who accompany you usually dont have enough time to prepare for the trip while the servants and soldiers are getting tiresome a leader who doesnt behave in a serious manner doesnt command respect the white dragon transformed into a fish for fun and ended up being trapped by the fisherman yuqie  the white serpent behaved recklessly and ended up being slain by liu bang i hope you will be more careful sun ce replied youre right however sometimes when im thinking hard i feel frustrated if i were to sit down and think as such i venture out in search of insight and inspirationsanguozhi  the wu shu recorded that sun ce once led a military expedition against the shanyue and ventured into the hills alone after slaying the shanyue chief and sending his men to pursue and destroy the remaining shanyue forces he encountered yu fan who asked him where his bodyguards were when sun ce told him that he had ordered his bodyguards to join the rest of his men in attacking the shanyue yu fan exclaimed this is so dangerous he then asked sun ce to dismount from his horse and said the terrain here is deep and dangerous you cant control your horse well under such conditions so you should travel on foot guide your horse along and arm yourself with a bow and arrows im good in using a spear and ill lead the way after reaching flat ground sun ce mounted his horse again and asked yu fan you dont have a horse what are you going to do yu fan replied i can travel on foot im capable of travelling  li in a day since the start of the campaigns no one has been able to match my pace you can try letting a horse run and ill catch up with it on foot they encountered a signaller at the main road sun ce took the signallers horn and blew it his men recognised the sound of the horn and rushed there to join him they patrolled the area and pacified the three commanderiessanguozhi zhu  persuading hua xin to surrender to sun ceedit see also sun ces conquests in jiangdong the jiang biao zhuan recorded that in  when sun ce was leading an army to attack jiangxia commandery  around presentday yunmeng county hubei he passed by yuzhang commandery along the way and wanted to conquer it he invited yu fan to meet him and asked yu to help him ask yuzhangs administrator hua xin to surrender yu fan travelled to yuzhang and succeeded in convincing hua xin to surrender by pointing out that yuzhang stood no chance against sun ces forces hua xin surrendered to sun ce the following daysanguozhi zhu  after capturing yuzhang sun ce led his army back to wu commandery  in presentday suzhou jiangsu where he rewarded his subjects for their contributions he told yu fan that he heard that many ministers in the han imperial court in xu  presentday xuchang henan had the impression that jiangdong had no talents so he wanted to send yu fan there to meet them and prove them wrong he also considered sending zhang hong but he still preferred yu fan yu fan refused and said im like one of your treasured possessions you might lose me if you show me to others and they want me thats why i dont want to go there sun ce laughed and said i still have military campaigns to complete so i cant return home yet youre like my xiao he i intend to let you return to kuaiji as an officer of merit to help me guard the commandery yu fan travelled back to kuaiji three days latersanguozhi zhu  pei songzhi commented that the jiang biao zhuans account of yu fan persuading hua xin to surrender is less reliable as compared to another account from the wu li he felt that hua xin was not militarily weaker than wang lang as suggested in the jiang biao zhuan and he might have resisted sun ce if he was in control of kuaiji instead of yuzhangsanguozhi zhu  events after sun ces deathedit yu fan was appointed as the chief  of fuchun county  in presentday fuyang zhejiang later when sun ce died in  ce many countylevel officials wanted to travel to wu commandery to attend his funeral yu fan disapproved because he was worried that the shanyue tribes would take advantage of their absence to cause trouble in the counties hence he remained in fuchun county but wore mourning garments to express his grief the other officials followed suit and the area was peacefulsanguozhi  the wu shu and kuaiji dianlu recorded an incident involving sun hao  a cousin of sun ce sun hao held the appointment of general of the household who establishes martial might  and was stationed at wucheng county  in presentday huzhou zhejiang after sun ce died and was succeeded by his younger brother sun quan sun hao rallied his subordinates formed an army and prepared to attack kuaiji commandery when yu fan heard about it he ordered the people in kuaiji to guard the commandery and await orders from their new lord sun quan while he met sun hao personallysanguozhi zhu  he warned sun hao our former lord had passed away sun quan is now our new lord im prepared to lead everyone in kuaiji to defend the commandery and eliminate any threat to our new lord you better reconsider this sun hao retreatedsanguozhi zhu  pei songzhi pointed out a discrepancy between the sanguozhi account and the wu shu and kuaiji dianlu accounts about the appointment held by yu fan around  ce when sun ce died the sanguozhi mentioned that yu fan was the chief of fuchun county but the wu shu and kuaiji dianlu suggested that yu was still serving as an officer of merit in kuaiji commandery at the timesanguozhi zhu  service under sun quanedit yu fan was later nominated as a maocai  the han imperial court in xu  presentday xuchang henan offered him a position to be an imperial clerk  but he declined the offer the warlord cao cao who then held the nominal appointment of minister of works  even though he controlled the han central government also wanted to recruit yu fan to serve in his officesanguozhi  when yu fan heard about it he remarked the robber zhi  wishes to use his excess wealth to corrupt good people he then rejected cao caos offersanguozhi zhu  yu fan made annotations to the i ching and once sent his work to kong rong the minister steward  in the han court for him to read kong rong praised yu fans work and replied that yus work made him realise that there was more about the beauty of the southeast than just the bamboo arrows of kuaiji zhang hong the commandant of the east section in kuaiji  also wrote to kong rong and mentioned yu fan yu zhongxiang used to be scorned at by scholars a beautiful piece of jade may look simple on the outside but it sparkles after it is polished the ridicule he faced then had no negative effect on himsanguozhi  sun quan appointed yu fan as a cavalry commandant  yu fan was known for being very candid and direct in giving advice to sun quan but in doing so he offended his lord on many occasions and made him unhappy besides he was known for exhibiting socially deviant behaviour hence he did not get along well with others and was slandered by them sun quan had him confined in jing county  danyang commandery  in presentday chunan county zhejiangsanguozhi  role in the conquest of jing provinceedit main article lü mengs invasion of jing province in  sun quans general lü meng planned to attack liu beis territories in southern jing province which were guarded by lius general guan yu he claimed that he was ill and returned to jianye  presentday nanjing jiangsu to put guan yu off guard he also managed to persuade sun quan to release yu fan from confinement and let yu accompany him because yu had medical skills and could help to treat his illnesssanguozhi  later that year during the invasion of jing province after lü meng received the surrender of mi fang the administrator of nan commandery  commandery capital in presentday jiangling county hubei he did not immediately order his forces to occupy the city and instead held celebrations on the beach yu fan reminded lü meng as of now only general mi has surrendered to us we cannot trust that everyone in the city is willing to surrender too why are you celebrating here instead of quickly taking control of the city lü meng followed yu fans advice there was actually a planned ambush in the city but it was not successfully carried out because lü meng heeded yu fans warning in timesanguozhi  after guan yu was defeated sun quan ordered yu fan to use divination to predict the final outcome and yu concluded hell lose his head within two days yu fans prediction came true sun quan remarked you may not be as good as fuxi but youre comparable to dongfang shuosanguozhi  mocking yu jinedit cao caos general yu jin was captured by guan yu during the battle of fancheng and was held captive in nan commandery after sun quan seized control of nan commandery he released yu jin and treated him with respect one day when sun quan travelling on horseback he asked yu jin to ride beside him yu fan saw that and shouted at yu jin youre a surrendered prisonerofwar how dare you ride sidebyside with my lord he wanted to hit yu jin with his horsewhip but sun quan ordered him to stop later when yu jin joined sun quan in a feast with his subjects on board a ship he shed tears when he heard music being played yu fan mocked him are you trying to pretend to plead for mercy sun quan was very unhappy with yu fansanguozhi  in  after cao cao died his son cao pi forced emperor xian to abdicate in his favour thereby ending the han dynasty cao pi then established the state of cao wei sun quan made peace with cao pi and planned to send yu jin back to wei but yu fan objected and urged him to execute yu jin sun quan did not listen to yu fan on the day of yu jins departure sun quans subjects including yu fan came to see him off yu fan told yu jin dont you ever think there are no great men in wu it is just that my advice wasnt heeded despite being humiliated by yu fan during his stay in wu yu jin spoke highly of yu fan when he returned to wei cao pi even prepared a seat for yu fansanguozhi zhu  even though he knew that it would probably remain permanently unoccupied showing disrespect to sun quanedit in  cao pi made sun quan a vassal king under the title king of wu  after sun pledged allegiance to him sun quan threw a feast to celebrate with his subjects during the feast he moved around and personally poured wine for his subjects when he came to yu fan he saw that yu was lying on the ground and appeared to be drunk so he walked away yu fan immediately sat up as soon as sun quan walked away sun quan was furious when he saw that and he drew his sword and wanted to kill yu fan his subjects were all shocked and fearful only liu ji  the minister of finance stood up grabbed sun quan and pleaded with him to spare yu fan liu ji said if your majesty kills a good man when youre drunk even if yu fan is in the wrong who would understand the truth your majesty is famous and respected because you showed acceptance and tolerance towards virtuous and talented people over the years is it worth ruining your good reputation in just one day sun quan said if cao mengde can kill kong wenju why cant i do the same to yu fan liu ji replied mengde killed virtuous people recklessly hence he didnt win over peoples hearts your majesty promotes moral values and righteousness and wishes to be compared to yao and shun why are you comparing yourself to him sun quan then spared yu fan and instructed his men to ignore his orders in the future if he was not sober when he ordered someone to be executedsanguozhi  insulting mi fangedit yu fan once sailed along the river and encountered mi fang the sailors on mi fangs boat wanted yu fans boat to give way so they shouted make way for the generals boat yu fan replied angrily how can you serve a lord when youve already abandoned the values of loyalty and righteousness are you still fit to be called a general after youve lost two of your previous lords strongholds mi fang did not reply and he drew the curtains on his boat and instructed his men to give waysanguozhi  in another incident yu fan was riding in a carriage when he passed by mi fangs garrison along the way mi fangs men closed the gates so yu fan was unable to pass through yu fan was furious and he shouted you leave the gates open when they are supposed to be closed and you close them when they are supposed to be opened is this what you should be doing mi fang felt ashamed when he heard yu fans remarksanguozhi  exile to jiao province and deathedit yu fan was known to be very direct in his speech and there were many instances when he offended people while he was drunk once when sun quan and zhang zhao were talking about immortals yu fan pointed at zhang and shouted they are all dead people yet you call them immortals how can there be immortals in this world at this point sun quan could no longer tolerate yu fan so he exiled him to jiao province while he was in exile yu fan held lectures and had hundreds of studentssanguozhi  he also annotated ancient classics such as the daodejing lunyu and guoyusanguozhi  he was friendly with ding lan  and xu ling  both of them started their careers as lowranking officers serving in county offices but their lives changed after they met yu fan because they rose through the ranks and became famous later onsanguozhi  the yu fan biezhuan recorded that in  after sun quan proclaimed himself emperor and established the state of eastern wu yu fan wrote a memorial to congratulate him he also expressed remorse for his past mistakes and hinted that he hoped that sun quan would allow him to return to jianye  in presentday nanjing jiangsusanguozhi zhu  yu fan spent more than a decade living in exile he died at the age of  by east asian age reckoningsanguozhi  sun quan permitted yu fans family to bring his remains back to yuyao county for burial he also freed them from exilesanguozhi  when yu fan was living in exile he was still very concerned about state affairs for example he strongly opposed sun quans idea of sending an army across the sea to attack the warlord gongsun yuan in liaodong in northeastern china however he did not dare to voice his opinion directly to sun quan so he asked lü dai to help him pass his message to sun quan but lü did not sun quan heard about it later and was so angry with yu fan for opposing his decision that he banished yu further south to mengling county  cangwu commandery  which is located in presentday guangxisanguozhi zhu  sun quan sent a fleet to attack gongsun yuan but he regretted his decision later when storms caused the fleet to sustain heavy damage and losses he remembered yu fan and quickly sent messengers to jiao province to fetch yu fan back to jianye but yu had already diedsanguozhi zhu  familyedit yu fan had  sonssanguozhi  among them the notable ones were yu si yu zhong yu song and yu bing the names of his other sons were not recorded in history appraisaledit chen shou who wrote yu fans biography in the records of the three kingdoms noted that yu fan was very candid and direct in his speech he also commented that sun quans lack of tolerance for yu fan was a sign that sun was not a magnanimous personsanguozhi  in romance of the three kingdomsedit yu fan appeared as a character in luo guanzhongs historical novel romance of the three kingdoms which romanticises the history of the late eastern han dynasty and the three kingdoms period in chapter  yu fan was one of the wu scholars who debated with zhuge liang over sun quans decision to ally with liu bei against cao cao in chapter  during lü mengs invasion of jing province yu fan succeeded in persuaded guan yus subordinate fu shiren to surrender see alsoedit list of people of the three kingdoms notesedit  rafe de crespigny states in a biographical dictionary of later han to the three kingdoms – ad that yu fan died in  yu fans biography in the sanguozhi mentions that yu was  years old by east asian age reckoning when he died hence by calculation yu fan was probably born in  however the zizhi tongjian recorded that yu fan was already dead when sun quan wanted to recall him back from jiao province in the th or th month in the th year of the taihe era – in cao ruis reign this slightly contradicts the year of death given in de crespignys a biographical dictionary we use the year of death provided in de crespignys a biographical dictionary in this article referencesedit citations from sanguozhi vol   字，，  sanguozhi vol    王朗命為。，，，，，。，，  sanguozhi vol    。，，候官閉城不受，，。 sanguozhi vol   ：「，。」 sanguozhi vol   ，策復命為，，。 sanguozhi vol   ，：「，，，。，，。，，困於，，，。」：「。，，，。」 sanguozhi vol   為富春。，諸吏並欲出赴喪，：「，，。」。，。 sanguozhi vol   後翻州舉，漢召為，曹公為辟，。 sanguozhi vol   翻與孔融書，。：「，，，。，，，，。」張紘又與融書：「虞前頗為論者所侵，，，。」 sanguozhi vol   孫權以為。，，，，坐徙丹楊。 sanguozhi vol   ，稱疾還，，，。 sanguozhi vol   ，麋芳開城出降。，：「，，？」。，。 sanguozhi vol   ，，，，，：「，。」。：「，。」 sanguozhi vol   ，，，。，，，：「，！」，。，，：「？」。 sanguozhi vol   權旣為，，，，。，。，，，惟大司農起抱權諫：「，，，？，，，？」：「，孤於何有哉？」：「，。，、，？」。，，。 sanguozhi vol   ，，，：「！」：「，？，，？」。 sanguozhi vol   ，，，。：「，，？」，。 sanguozhi vol   ，。，：「，，！」，。，，。 sanguozhi vol   、、，。 sanguozhi vol   ，山陰，太末，，，，，。 sanguozhi vol   ，。 sanguozhi vol   ，。 sanguozhi vol   ，  sanguozhi vol   ：古之狂直，，，。 sanguozhi vol  chen shou records of the three kingdoms sanguozhi citations from annotations in the sanguozhi  ：，。，，，：「，，，！」，。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，朗惑記，「，」，。，，：「，，？」。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：朗使翻見豫章華歆，。，，。，以臣使有，，。，。，翻，，。 yu fan biezhuan annotation and pei songzhis note in sanguozhi vol   ：策書謂：「，，。」 jiang biao zhuan annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，，，。，：「。」：「！」：「，，，，。，。」，。：「？」：「，，，，，。」，，，，，，。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，，：「，。，，，，。」，，，：「，？」：「。」：「？？？」：「。」：「，，，，，。，，，，。，，，。」，，。 jiang biao zhuan annotation in sanguozhi vol   ，，，，謂：「，，，，，，。。，故前欲令卿一詣，，。，；。」：「，，，，。」：「。」：「，，卿復以為吾蕭何，。」，。 jiang biao zhuan annotation in sanguozhi vol   、，，。，，而述翻說華，「，」，此非也。王公拒戰，，實由孫策起，，，？，，，非必用之說也。，。案吳歷載翻：「，，，。」歆：「。」：「，？」：「大。」：「明府不如王會稽，；，。」，，歆乃荅當去。，歆。，。 pei songzhis annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，。暠，，，，。，，。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   載翻說暠：「，。，，，，，，。」。 kuaiji dianlu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，翻猶為，。 pei songzhis annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，：「欲以餘財污良家邪？」。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，，翻復諫：「，，。，。，，，。」。，翻謂禁：「，。」，猶盛歎翻，。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，翻因上書：「，、，，。，。，，，。，，，，，，，，，。，，，，，，，，，傍聽鍾鼓侃之樂，，，，，。」 yu fan biezhuan annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，，，，，，，，。，，，，。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，，，，乃令：「，。亮直，善於盡，。，。」，，，；，，。。 jiang biao zhuan annotation in sanguozhi vol  pei songzhi annotations to records of the three kingdoms sanguozhi zhu other sources  a b c （、）  ，始思之，。，。 zizhi tongjian vol   a b de crespigny rafe  a biographical dictionary of later han to the three kingdoms – ad brill p  isbn    zizhi tongjian vol   zizhi tongjian vol   zizhi tongjian vol   a b zizhi tongjian vol   zizhi tongjian vol   座上忽一人抗聲問：「，，，，？」，乃也。  不能對。 sanguo yanyi ch   至，，，。，。，。，，；，請入城。，。，。，即同齎印綬來荊州投降。 sanguo yanyi ch  luo guanzhong romance of the three kingdoms sanguo yanyi sima guang zizhi tongjian v t e prominent people of eastern wu emperors sun quan sun liang sun xiu sun hao empresses and noble ladies bu lianshi empress dowager he empress pan empress quan huijie empress teng fanglan lady xie empress zhu princes and royal figures sun ba sun deng sun fen sun he sun lü regents zhuge ke sun jun sun chen civil officers cen hun cheng bing gu tan gu yong he zhi hua he kan ze lu kai lu mao lu xun lü dai luo tong pan jun shi kuang shi xie shi yi shi zhi teng xiu teng yin wan yu wei zhao wu can xue xu xue ying xue zong yan jun yin li yong kai yu fan yuan yao zhang ti zhang xiu zhang zhao zhuge jin military officers bu zhi chen biao ding feng elder ding feng younger guanqiu xiu han dang he qi ling tong liu lue lu jing lu kang lü ju lü fan mi fang pan zhang quan cong shi hui song qian sun huan sun lang sun shao sun xin tang zi tao jun wang fan wei miao wen hu wen qin wen yang xie jing xu sheng yu si yu quan yu zhong zhang bu zhang cheng zhou fang zhou tai zhu huan zhu ju zhu ran zhu yi zhu zhi others cao buxing chen zhuo ge xuan lu ji zhi qian retrieved from httpsenwikipediaorgwindexphptitleyufanoldid categories  births deathssun ce and associatesofficials under sun quaneastern wu politicianshan dynasty politicians from zhejiangpoliticians from ningbowriters from ningbochinese spiritual writershan dynasty essayistseastern wu essayistsancient chinese physicianshidden categories articles containing chineselanguage text navigation menu personal tools not logged intalkcontributionscreate accountlog in namespaces article talk variants views read edit view history more search navigation main pagecontentsfeatured contentcurrent eventsrandom articledonate to wikipediawikipedia store interaction helpabout wikipediacommunity portalrecent changescontact page tools what links hererelated changesupload filespecial pagespermanent linkpage informationwikidata itemcite this page printexport create a bookdownload as pdfprintable version languages 한국어srpskohrvatski  српскохрватскиtiếng việt文 edit links this page was last edited on  january  at  text is available under the creative commons attributionsharealike license additional terms may apply by using this site you agree to the terms of use and privacy policy wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the wikimedia foundation inc a nonprofit organization privacy policy about wikipedia disclaimers contact wikipedia developers cookie statement mobile view yu fan  wikipedia yu fan from wikipedia the free encyclopedia jump to navigation search yu fan official of eastern wu born a died  aged  names traditional chinese  simplified chinese  pinyin yú fān wade–giles yü fan courtesy name zhongxiang chinese  pinyin zhòngxiáng wade–giles chunghsiang this is a chinese name the family name is yu yu fan – courtesy name zhongxiang was an official of the state of eastern wu in the three kingdoms period initially a minor officer under wang lang the administrator of kuaiji commandery yu fan later served under the warlord sun ce who conquered the territories in the jiangdong or wu region in a series of campaigns from – sun ce regarded him highly and once enlisted his help in persuading hua xin another commandery administrator to surrender after sun ces death yu fan continued serving under sun quan sun ces younger brother and successor sun quan confined him for some time due to his rude and disrespectful behaviour but released him in  and allowed him to accompany the general lü meng to attack jing province during the jing province campaign yu fan warned lü meng about a possible ambush when lü meng was celebrating a minor victory and was proven right later yu fan was known for being very candid outspoken and direct in speech as such he offended sun quan several times – including instances when he was drunk – and did not get along well with many of his colleagues he also mocked and belittled two enemy officers yu jin and mi fang who were treated generously by sun quan after their surrender sometime in the s sun quan could no longer tolerate yu fans disrespectful attitude and banished him to jiao province yu fan lived in exile for over a decade during which he spent his time lecturing and writing even while living in exile he was still concerned about state affairs and he once wrote to sun quan to advise him against sending a fleet across the sea to attack the warlord gongsun yuan in northeastern china but was ignored when the fleet sustained heavy losses due to storms sun quan regretted his decision and summoned yu fan back but yu had already died by then contents  historical sources on yu fans life  early life  service under wang lang  service under sun ce  persuading hua xin to surrender to sun ce  events after sun ces death  service under sun quan  role in the conquest of jing province  mocking yu jin  showing disrespect to sun quan  insulting mi fang  exile to jiao province and death  family  appraisal  in romance of the three kingdoms  see also  notes  references historical sources on yu fans lifeedit the authoritative historical source on yu fans life is the records of the three kingdoms sanguozhi written by chen shou in the third century in the fifth century pei songzhi annotated the sanguozhi by incorporating information from other sources to chen shous original work and adding his personal commentary the alternative texts used in the annotations to the sanguozhi are wu shu  book of wu by wei zhao yu fan biezhuan 別傳 unofficial biography of yu fan by an unknown writer jiang biao zhuan  by yu pu kuaiji dianlu  esteemed records of kuaiji by an unknown writer early lifeedit yu fan was from yuyao county  kuaiji commanderysanguozhi  which is in presentday yuyao zhejiang at a young age he was already known for being studious and extraordinary when he was  a guest who came to visit his elder brother ignored the young yu fan when he walked past him yu fan later wrote to the guest i heard that amber does not contain rotten plant material and that magnets do not attract bent needles is it not appropriate for you to ignore me when you walked past me the guest was very surprised after reading yu fans letter yu fan attracted greater attention after this incidentsanguozhi zhu  service under wang langedit when yu fan became older he served as an officer of merit  under wang lang the administrator  of kuaiji commandery in  the warlord sun ce who was on a series of military campaigns in the jiangdong or wu region and had already conquered some territories prepared to attack kuaiji yu fan was mourning the death of his father when he received news that sun ce was going to attack kuaiji so he rushed from his home to the commandery office and asked to meet wang lang he was still dressed in mourning garments then after entering the office yu fan removed his mourning garments and urged wang lang to avoid confrontation with sun ce wang lang ignored his advice and was defeated in battle by sun cesanguozhi  yu fan considered bringing wang lang north to guangling commandery  around presentday huaian jiangsu to evade sun ce but wang who believed in stories about the immortal wang fangping  wanted to travel to the south mountain and take shelter there yu fan then accompanied wang lang as they escaped from kuaiji by sea and headed south to houguan county  in presentday fuzhou fujian at houguan the county chief initially denied them entry but agreed after being persuaded by yu fan in houguan wang lang insisted on heading further south to jiao province to find the south mountain but yu fan objected those stories are nonsense there is no south mountain in jiao province for us to take sheltersanguozhi zhu sanguozhi  wang lang told yu fan later you have an elderly mother to take care of you can go back to kuaiji nowsanguozhi  the yu fan biezhuan provided a different account of the above events it mentioned that wang lang sent yu fan to meet hua xin the administrator of yuzhang commandery  around presentday nanchang jiangxi and discuss the forming of a military alliance between kuaiji and yuzhang however yu fan turned back before reaching his destination because he received news that sun ces army was advancing towards kuaiji his father died during that period of time yu fan did not return home immediately because he felt that he was still on a mission he travelled day and night to houguan to meet wang lang who then sent him home to attend his fathers funeralsanguozhi zhu  service under sun ceedit yu fan was reinstated as an officer of merit by sun ce after he returned to kuaiji sun ce treated him like a friend and visited his homesanguozhi  the jiang biao zhuan recorded that sun ce wrote to yu fan i wish to work together with you from now please do not say i treated you like a minor officer in a commanderysanguozhi zhu  sun ce was very fond of going on hunting excursions yu fan told him you gathered a mob used them to rein in the wandering scholargentry and earned their fervent allegiance towards you even emperor gao of han cant be compared to you when you dress casually and venture out the officials who accompany you usually dont have enough time to prepare for the trip while the servants and soldiers are getting tiresome a leader who doesnt behave in a serious manner doesnt command respect the white dragon transformed into a fish for fun and ended up being trapped by the fisherman yuqie  the white serpent behaved recklessly and ended up being slain by liu bang i hope you will be more careful sun ce replied youre right however sometimes when im thinking hard i feel frustrated if i were to sit down and think as such i venture out in search of insight and inspirationsanguozhi  the wu shu recorded that sun ce once led a military expedition against the shanyue and ventured into the hills alone after slaying the shanyue chief and sending his men to pursue and destroy the remaining shanyue forces he encountered yu fan who asked him where his bodyguards were when sun ce told him that he had ordered his bodyguards to join the rest of his men in attacking the shanyue yu fan exclaimed this is so dangerous he then asked sun ce to dismount from his horse and said the terrain here is deep and dangerous you cant control your horse well under such conditions so you should travel on foot guide your horse along and arm yourself with a bow and arrows im good in using a spear and ill lead the way after reaching flat ground sun ce mounted his horse again and asked yu fan you dont have a horse what are you going to do yu fan replied i can travel on foot im capable of travelling  li in a day since the start of the campaigns no one has been able to match my pace you can try letting a horse run and ill catch up with it on foot they encountered a signaller at the main road sun ce took the signallers horn and blew it his men recognised the sound of the horn and rushed there to join him they patrolled the area and pacified the three commanderiessanguozhi zhu  persuading hua xin to surrender to sun ceedit see also sun ces conquests in jiangdong the jiang biao zhuan recorded that in  when sun ce was leading an army to attack jiangxia commandery  around presentday yunmeng county hubei he passed by yuzhang commandery along the way and wanted to conquer it he invited yu fan to meet him and asked yu to help him ask yuzhangs administrator hua xin to surrender yu fan travelled to yuzhang and succeeded in convincing hua xin to surrender by pointing out that yuzhang stood no chance against sun ces forces hua xin surrendered to sun ce the following daysanguozhi zhu  after capturing yuzhang sun ce led his army back to wu commandery  in presentday suzhou jiangsu where he rewarded his subjects for their contributions he told yu fan that he heard that many ministers in the han imperial court in xu  presentday xuchang henan had the impression that jiangdong had no talents so he wanted to send yu fan there to meet them and prove them wrong he also considered sending zhang hong but he still preferred yu fan yu fan refused and said im like one of your treasured possessions you might lose me if you show me to others and they want me thats why i dont want to go there sun ce laughed and said i still have military campaigns to complete so i cant return home yet youre like my xiao he i intend to let you return to kuaiji as an officer of merit to help me guard the commandery yu fan travelled back to kuaiji three days latersanguozhi zhu  pei songzhi commented that the jiang biao zhuans account of yu fan persuading hua xin to surrender is less reliable as compared to another account from the wu li he felt that hua xin was not militarily weaker than wang lang as suggested in the jiang biao zhuan and he might have resisted sun ce if he was in control of kuaiji instead of yuzhangsanguozhi zhu  events after sun ces deathedit yu fan was appointed as the chief  of fuchun county  in presentday fuyang zhejiang later when sun ce died in  ce many countylevel officials wanted to travel to wu commandery to attend his funeral yu fan disapproved because he was worried that the shanyue tribes would take advantage of their absence to cause trouble in the counties hence he remained in fuchun county but wore mourning garments to express his grief the other officials followed suit and the area was peacefulsanguozhi  the wu shu and kuaiji dianlu recorded an incident involving sun hao  a cousin of sun ce sun hao held the appointment of general of the household who establishes martial might  and was stationed at wucheng county  in presentday huzhou zhejiang after sun ce died and was succeeded by his younger brother sun quan sun hao rallied his subordinates formed an army and prepared to attack kuaiji commandery when yu fan heard about it he ordered the people in kuaiji to guard the commandery and await orders from their new lord sun quan while he met sun hao personallysanguozhi zhu  he warned sun hao our former lord had passed away sun quan is now our new lord im prepared to lead everyone in kuaiji to defend the commandery and eliminate any threat to our new lord you better reconsider this sun hao retreatedsanguozhi zhu  pei songzhi pointed out a discrepancy between the sanguozhi account and the wu shu and kuaiji dianlu accounts about the appointment held by yu fan around  ce when sun ce died the sanguozhi mentioned that yu fan was the chief of fuchun county but the wu shu and kuaiji dianlu suggested that yu was still serving as an officer of merit in kuaiji commandery at the timesanguozhi zhu  service under sun quanedit yu fan was later nominated as a maocai  the han imperial court in xu  presentday xuchang henan offered him a position to be an imperial clerk  but he declined the offer the warlord cao cao who then held the nominal appointment of minister of works  even though he controlled the han central government also wanted to recruit yu fan to serve in his officesanguozhi  when yu fan heard about it he remarked the robber zhi  wishes to use his excess wealth to corrupt good people he then rejected cao caos offersanguozhi zhu  yu fan made annotations to the i ching and once sent his work to kong rong the minister steward  in the han court for him to read kong rong praised yu fans work and replied that yus work made him realise that there was more about the beauty of the southeast than just the bamboo arrows of kuaiji zhang hong the commandant of the east section in kuaiji  also wrote to kong rong and mentioned yu fan yu zhongxiang used to be scorned at by scholars a beautiful piece of jade may look simple on the outside but it sparkles after it is polished the ridicule he faced then had no negative effect on himsanguozhi  sun quan appointed yu fan as a cavalry commandant  yu fan was known for being very candid and direct in giving advice to sun quan but in doing so he offended his lord on many occasions and made him unhappy besides he was known for exhibiting socially deviant behaviour hence he did not get along well with others and was slandered by them sun quan had him confined in jing county  danyang commandery  in presentday chunan county zhejiangsanguozhi  role in the conquest of jing provinceedit main article lü mengs invasion of jing province in  sun quans general lü meng planned to attack liu beis territories in southern jing province which were guarded by lius general guan yu he claimed that he was ill and returned to jianye  presentday nanjing jiangsu to put guan yu off guard he also managed to persuade sun quan to release yu fan from confinement and let yu accompany him because yu had medical skills and could help to treat his illnesssanguozhi  later that year during the invasion of jing province after lü meng received the surrender of mi fang the administrator of nan commandery  commandery capital in presentday jiangling county hubei he did not immediately order his forces to occupy the city and instead held celebrations on the beach yu fan reminded lü meng as of now only general mi has surrendered to us we cannot trust that everyone in the city is willing to surrender too why are you celebrating here instead of quickly taking control of the city lü meng followed yu fans advice there was actually a planned ambush in the city but it was not successfully carried out because lü meng heeded yu fans warning in timesanguozhi  after guan yu was defeated sun quan ordered yu fan to use divination to predict the final outcome and yu concluded hell lose his head within two days yu fans prediction came true sun quan remarked you may not be as good as fuxi but youre comparable to dongfang shuosanguozhi  mocking yu jinedit cao caos general yu jin was captured by guan yu during the battle of fancheng and was held captive in nan commandery after sun quan seized control of nan commandery he released yu jin and treated him with respect one day when sun quan travelling on horseback he asked yu jin to ride beside him yu fan saw that and shouted at yu jin youre a surrendered prisonerofwar how dare you ride sidebyside with my lord he wanted to hit yu jin with his horsewhip but sun quan ordered him to stop later when yu jin joined sun quan in a feast with his subjects on board a ship he shed tears when he heard music being played yu fan mocked him are you trying to pretend to plead for mercy sun quan was very unhappy with yu fansanguozhi  in  after cao cao died his son cao pi forced emperor xian to abdicate in his favour thereby ending the han dynasty cao pi then established the state of cao wei sun quan made peace with cao pi and planned to send yu jin back to wei but yu fan objected and urged him to execute yu jin sun quan did not listen to yu fan on the day of yu jins departure sun quans subjects including yu fan came to see him off yu fan told yu jin dont you ever think there are no great men in wu it is just that my advice wasnt heeded despite being humiliated by yu fan during his stay in wu yu jin spoke highly of yu fan when he returned to wei cao pi even prepared a seat for yu fansanguozhi zhu  even though he knew that it would probably remain permanently unoccupied showing disrespect to sun quanedit in  cao pi made sun quan a vassal king under the title king of wu  after sun pledged allegiance to him sun quan threw a feast to celebrate with his subjects during the feast he moved around and personally poured wine for his subjects when he came to yu fan he saw that yu was lying on the ground and appeared to be drunk so he walked away yu fan immediately sat up as soon as sun quan walked away sun quan was furious when he saw that and he drew his sword and wanted to kill yu fan his subjects were all shocked and fearful only liu ji  the minister of finance stood up grabbed sun quan and pleaded with him to spare yu fan liu ji said if your majesty kills a good man when youre drunk even if yu fan is in the wrong who would understand the truth your majesty is famous and respected because you showed acceptance and tolerance towards virtuous and talented people over the years is it worth ruining your good reputation in just one day sun quan said if cao mengde can kill kong wenju why cant i do the same to yu fan liu ji replied mengde killed virtuous people recklessly hence he didnt win over peoples hearts your majesty promotes moral values and righteousness and wishes to be compared to yao and shun why are you comparing yourself to him sun quan then spared yu fan and instructed his men to ignore his orders in the future if he was not sober when he ordered someone to be executedsanguozhi  insulting mi fangedit yu fan once sailed along the river and encountered mi fang the sailors on mi fangs boat wanted yu fans boat to give way so they shouted make way for the generals boat yu fan replied angrily how can you serve a lord when youve already abandoned the values of loyalty and righteousness are you still fit to be called a general after youve lost two of your previous lords strongholds mi fang did not reply and he drew the curtains on his boat and instructed his men to give waysanguozhi  in another incident yu fan was riding in a carriage when he passed by mi fangs garrison along the way mi fangs men closed the gates so yu fan was unable to pass through yu fan was furious and he shouted you leave the gates open when they are supposed to be closed and you close them when they are supposed to be opened is this what you should be doing mi fang felt ashamed when he heard yu fans remarksanguozhi  exile to jiao province and deathedit yu fan was known to be very direct in his speech and there were many instances when he offended people while he was drunk once when sun quan and zhang zhao were talking about immortals yu fan pointed at zhang and shouted they are all dead people yet you call them immortals how can there be immortals in this world at this point sun quan could no longer tolerate yu fan so he exiled him to jiao province while he was in exile yu fan held lectures and had hundreds of studentssanguozhi  he also annotated ancient classics such as the daodejing lunyu and guoyusanguozhi  he was friendly with ding lan  and xu ling  both of them started their careers as lowranking officers serving in county offices but their lives changed after they met yu fan because they rose through the ranks and became famous later onsanguozhi  the yu fan biezhuan recorded that in  after sun quan proclaimed himself emperor and established the state of eastern wu yu fan wrote a memorial to congratulate him he also expressed remorse for his past mistakes and hinted that he hoped that sun quan would allow him to return to jianye  in presentday nanjing jiangsusanguozhi zhu  yu fan spent more than a decade living in exile he died at the age of  by east asian age reckoningsanguozhi  sun quan permitted yu fans family to bring his remains back to yuyao county for burial he also freed them from exilesanguozhi  when yu fan was living in exile he was still very concerned about state affairs for example he strongly opposed sun quans idea of sending an army across the sea to attack the warlord gongsun yuan in liaodong in northeastern china however he did not dare to voice his opinion directly to sun quan so he asked lü dai to help him pass his message to sun quan but lü did not sun quan heard about it later and was so angry with yu fan for opposing his decision that he banished yu further south to mengling county  cangwu commandery  which is located in presentday guangxisanguozhi zhu  sun quan sent a fleet to attack gongsun yuan but he regretted his decision later when storms caused the fleet to sustain heavy damage and losses he remembered yu fan and quickly sent messengers to jiao province to fetch yu fan back to jianye but yu had already diedsanguozhi zhu  familyedit yu fan had  sonssanguozhi  among them the notable ones were yu si yu zhong yu song and yu bing the names of his other sons were not recorded in history appraisaledit chen shou who wrote yu fans biography in the records of the three kingdoms noted that yu fan was very candid and direct in his speech he also commented that sun quans lack of tolerance for yu fan was a sign that sun was not a magnanimous personsanguozhi  in romance of the three kingdomsedit yu fan appeared as a character in luo guanzhongs historical novel romance of the three kingdoms which romanticises the history of the late eastern han dynasty and the three kingdoms period in chapter  yu fan was one of the wu scholars who debated with zhuge liang over sun quans decision to ally with liu bei against cao cao in chapter  during lü mengs invasion of jing province yu fan succeeded in persuaded guan yus subordinate fu shiren to surrender see alsoedit list of people of the three kingdoms notesedit  rafe de crespigny states in a biographical dictionary of later han to the three kingdoms – ad that yu fan died in  yu fans biography in the sanguozhi mentions that yu was  years old by east asian age reckoning when he died hence by calculation yu fan was probably born in  however the zizhi tongjian recorded that yu fan was already dead when sun quan wanted to recall him back from jiao province in the th or th month in the th year of the taihe era – in cao ruis reign this slightly contradicts the year of death given in de crespignys a biographical dictionary we use the year of death provided in de crespignys a biographical dictionary in this article referencesedit citations from sanguozhi vol   字，，  sanguozhi vol    王朗命為。，，，，，。，，  sanguozhi vol    。，，候官閉城不受，，。 sanguozhi vol   ：「，。」 sanguozhi vol   ，策復命為，，。 sanguozhi vol   ，：「，，，。，，。，，困於，，，。」：「。，，，。」 sanguozhi vol   為富春。，諸吏並欲出赴喪，：「，，。」。，。 sanguozhi vol   後翻州舉，漢召為，曹公為辟，。 sanguozhi vol   翻與孔融書，。：「，，，。，，，，。」張紘又與融書：「虞前頗為論者所侵，，，。」 sanguozhi vol   孫權以為。，，，，坐徙丹楊。 sanguozhi vol   ，稱疾還，，，。 sanguozhi vol   ，麋芳開城出降。，：「，，？」。，。 sanguozhi vol   ，，，，，：「，。」。：「，。」 sanguozhi vol   ，，，。，，，：「，！」，。，，：「？」。 sanguozhi vol   權旣為，，，，。，。，，，惟大司農起抱權諫：「，，，？，，，？」：「，孤於何有哉？」：「，。，、，？」。，，。 sanguozhi vol   ，，，：「！」：「，？，，？」。 sanguozhi vol   ，，，。：「，，？」，。 sanguozhi vol   ，。，：「，，！」，。，，。 sanguozhi vol   、、，。 sanguozhi vol   ，山陰，太末，，，，，。 sanguozhi vol   ，。 sanguozhi vol   ，。 sanguozhi vol   ，  sanguozhi vol   ：古之狂直，，，。 sanguozhi vol  chen shou records of the three kingdoms sanguozhi citations from annotations in the sanguozhi  ：，。，，，：「，，，！」，。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，朗惑記，「，」，。，，：「，，？」。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：朗使翻見豫章華歆，。，，。，以臣使有，，。，。，翻，，。 yu fan biezhuan annotation and pei songzhis note in sanguozhi vol   ：策書謂：「，，。」 jiang biao zhuan annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，，，。，：「。」：「！」：「，，，，。，。」，。：「？」：「，，，，，。」，，，，，，。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，，：「，。，，，，。」，，，：「，？」：「。」：「？？？」：「。」：「，，，，，。，，，，。，，，。」，，。 jiang biao zhuan annotation in sanguozhi vol   ，，，，謂：「，，，，，，。。，故前欲令卿一詣，，。，；。」：「，，，，。」：「。」：「，，卿復以為吾蕭何，。」，。 jiang biao zhuan annotation in sanguozhi vol   、，，。，，而述翻說華，「，」，此非也。王公拒戰，，實由孫策起，，，？，，，非必用之說也。，。案吳歷載翻：「，，，。」歆：「。」：「，？」：「大。」：「明府不如王會稽，；，。」，，歆乃荅當去。，歆。，。 pei songzhis annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，。暠，，，，。，，。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   載翻說暠：「，。，，，，，，。」。 kuaiji dianlu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，翻猶為，。 pei songzhis annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，：「欲以餘財污良家邪？」。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，，翻復諫：「，，。，。，，，。」。，翻謂禁：「，。」，猶盛歎翻，。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，翻因上書：「，、，，。，。，，，。，，，，，，，，，。，，，，，，，，，傍聽鍾鼓侃之樂，，，，，。」 yu fan biezhuan annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，，，，，，，，。，，，，。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，，，，乃令：「，。亮直，善於盡，。，。」，，，；，，。。 jiang biao zhuan annotation in sanguozhi vol  pei songzhi annotations to records of the three kingdoms sanguozhi zhu other sources  a b c （、）  ，始思之，。，。 zizhi tongjian vol   a b de crespigny rafe  a biographical dictionary of later han to the three kingdoms – ad brill p  isbn    zizhi tongjian vol   zizhi tongjian vol   zizhi tongjian vol   a b zizhi tongjian vol   zizhi tongjian vol   座上忽一人抗聲問：「，，，，？」，乃也。  不能對。 sanguo yanyi ch   至，，，。，。，。，，；，請入城。，。，。，即同齎印綬來荊州投降。 sanguo yanyi ch  luo guanzhong romance of the three kingdoms sanguo yanyi sima guang zizhi tongjian v t e prominent people of eastern wu emperors sun quan sun liang sun xiu sun hao empresses and noble ladies bu lianshi empress dowager he empress pan empress quan huijie empress teng fanglan lady xie empress zhu princes and royal figures sun ba sun deng sun fen sun he sun lü regents zhuge ke sun jun sun chen civil officers cen hun cheng bing gu tan gu yong he zhi hua he kan ze lu kai lu mao lu xun lü dai luo tong pan jun shi kuang shi xie shi yi shi zhi teng xiu teng yin wan yu wei zhao wu can xue xu xue ying xue zong yan jun yin li yong kai yu fan yuan yao zhang ti zhang xiu zhang zhao zhuge jin military officers bu zhi chen biao ding feng elder ding feng younger guanqiu xiu han dang he qi ling tong liu lue lu jing lu kang lü ju lü fan mi fang pan zhang quan cong shi hui song qian sun huan sun lang sun shao sun xin tang zi tao jun wang fan wei miao wen hu wen qin wen yang xie jing xu sheng yu si yu quan yu zhong zhang bu zhang cheng zhou fang zhou tai zhu huan zhu ju zhu ran zhu yi zhu zhi others cao buxing chen zhuo ge xuan lu ji zhi qian retrieved from httpsenwikipediaorgwindexphptitleyufanoldid categories  births deathssun ce and associatesofficials under sun quaneastern wu politicianshan dynasty politicians from zhejiangpoliticians from ningbowriters from ningbochinese spiritual writershan dynasty essayistseastern wu essayistsancient chinese physicianshidden categories articles containing chineselanguage text navigation menu personal tools not logged intalkcontributionscreate accountlog in namespaces article talk variants views read edit view history more search navigation main pagecontentsfeatured contentcurrent eventsrandom articledonate to wikipediawikipedia store interaction helpabout wikipediacommunity portalrecent changescontact page tools what links hererelated changesupload filespecial pagespermanent linkpage informationwikidata itemcite this page printexport create a bookdownload as pdfprintable version languages 한국어srpskohrvatski  српскохрватскиtiếng việt文 edit links this page was last edited on  january  at  text is available under the creative commons attributionsharealike license additional terms may apply by using this site you agree to the terms of use and privacy policy wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the wikimedia foundation inc a nonprofit organization privacy policy about wikipedia disclaimers contact wikipedia developers cookie statement mobile view yu fan  wikipedia yu fan from wikipedia the free encyclopedia jump to navigation search yu fan official of eastern wu born a died  aged  names traditional chinese  simplified chinese  pinyin yú fān wade–giles yü fan courtesy name zhongxiang chinese  pinyin zhòngxiáng wade–giles chunghsiang this is a chinese name the family name is yu yu fan – courtesy name zhongxiang was an official of the state of eastern wu in the three kingdoms period initially a minor officer under wang lang the administrator of kuaiji commandery yu fan later served under the warlord sun ce who conquered the territories in the jiangdong or wu region in a series of campaigns from – sun ce regarded him highly and once enlisted his help in persuading hua xin another commandery administrator to surrender after sun ces death yu fan continued serving under sun quan sun ces younger brother and successor sun quan confined him for some time due to his rude and disrespectful behaviour but released him in  and allowed him to accompany the general lü meng to attack jing province during the jing province campaign yu fan warned lü meng about a possible ambush when lü meng was celebrating a minor victory and was proven right later yu fan was known for being very candid outspoken and direct in speech as such he offended sun quan several times – including instances when he was drunk – and did not get along well with many of his colleagues he also mocked and belittled two enemy officers yu jin and mi fang who were treated generously by sun quan after their surrender sometime in the s sun quan could no longer tolerate yu fans disrespectful attitude and banished him to jiao province yu fan lived in exile for over a decade during which he spent his time lecturing and writing even while living in exile he was still concerned about state affairs and he once wrote to sun quan to advise him against sending a fleet across the sea to attack the warlord gongsun yuan in northeastern china but was ignored when the fleet sustained heavy losses due to storms sun quan regretted his decision and summoned yu fan back but yu had already died by then contents  historical sources on yu fans life  early life  service under wang lang  service under sun ce  persuading hua xin to surrender to sun ce  events after sun ces death  service under sun quan  role in the conquest of jing province  mocking yu jin  showing disrespect to sun quan  insulting mi fang  exile to jiao province and death  family  appraisal  in romance of the three kingdoms  see also  notes  references historical sources on yu fans lifeedit the authoritative historical source on yu fans life is the records of the three kingdoms sanguozhi written by chen shou in the third century in the fifth century pei songzhi annotated the sanguozhi by incorporating information from other sources to chen shous original work and adding his personal commentary the alternative texts used in the annotations to the sanguozhi are wu shu  book of wu by wei zhao yu fan biezhuan 別傳 unofficial biography of yu fan by an unknown writer jiang biao zhuan  by yu pu kuaiji dianlu  esteemed records of kuaiji by an unknown writer early lifeedit yu fan was from yuyao county  kuaiji commanderysanguozhi  which is in presentday yuyao zhejiang at a young age he was already known for being studious and extraordinary when he was  a guest who came to visit his elder brother ignored the young yu fan when he walked past him yu fan later wrote to the guest i heard that amber does not contain rotten plant material and that magnets do not attract bent needles is it not appropriate for you to ignore me when you walked past me the guest was very surprised after reading yu fans letter yu fan attracted greater attention after this incidentsanguozhi zhu  service under wang langedit when yu fan became older he served as an officer of merit  under wang lang the administrator  of kuaiji commandery in  the warlord sun ce who was on a series of military campaigns in the jiangdong or wu region and had already conquered some territories prepared to attack kuaiji yu fan was mourning the death of his father when he received news that sun ce was going to attack kuaiji so he rushed from his home to the commandery office and asked to meet wang lang he was still dressed in mourning garments then after entering the office yu fan removed his mourning garments and urged wang lang to avoid confrontation with sun ce wang lang ignored his advice and was defeated in battle by sun cesanguozhi  yu fan considered bringing wang lang north to guangling commandery  around presentday huaian jiangsu to evade sun ce but wang who believed in stories about the immortal wang fangping  wanted to travel to the south mountain and take shelter there yu fan then accompanied wang lang as they escaped from kuaiji by sea and headed south to houguan county  in presentday fuzhou fujian at houguan the county chief initially denied them entry but agreed after being persuaded by yu fan in houguan wang lang insisted on heading further south to jiao province to find the south mountain but yu fan objected those stories are nonsense there is no south mountain in jiao province for us to take sheltersanguozhi zhu sanguozhi  wang lang told yu fan later you have an elderly mother to take care of you can go back to kuaiji nowsanguozhi  the yu fan biezhuan provided a different account of the above events it mentioned that wang lang sent yu fan to meet hua xin the administrator of yuzhang commandery  around presentday nanchang jiangxi and discuss the forming of a military alliance between kuaiji and yuzhang however yu fan turned back before reaching his destination because he received news that sun ces army was advancing towards kuaiji his father died during that period of time yu fan did not return home immediately because he felt that he was still on a mission he travelled day and night to houguan to meet wang lang who then sent him home to attend his fathers funeralsanguozhi zhu  service under sun ceedit yu fan was reinstated as an officer of merit by sun ce after he returned to kuaiji sun ce treated him like a friend and visited his homesanguozhi  the jiang biao zhuan recorded that sun ce wrote to yu fan i wish to work together with you from now please do not say i treated you like a minor officer in a commanderysanguozhi zhu  sun ce was very fond of going on hunting excursions yu fan told him you gathered a mob used them to rein in the wandering scholargentry and earned their fervent allegiance towards you even emperor gao of han cant be compared to you when you dress casually and venture out the officials who accompany you usually dont have enough time to prepare for the trip while the servants and soldiers are getting tiresome a leader who doesnt behave in a serious manner doesnt command respect the white dragon transformed into a fish for fun and ended up being trapped by the fisherman yuqie  the white serpent behaved recklessly and ended up being slain by liu bang i hope you will be more careful sun ce replied youre right however sometimes when im thinking hard i feel frustrated if i were to sit down and think as such i venture out in search of insight and inspirationsanguozhi  the wu shu recorded that sun ce once led a military expedition against the shanyue and ventured into the hills alone after slaying the shanyue chief and sending his men to pursue and destroy the remaining shanyue forces he encountered yu fan who asked him where his bodyguards were when sun ce told him that he had ordered his bodyguards to join the rest of his men in attacking the shanyue yu fan exclaimed this is so dangerous he then asked sun ce to dismount from his horse and said the terrain here is deep and dangerous you cant control your horse well under such conditions so you should travel on foot guide your horse along and arm yourself with a bow and arrows im good in using a spear and ill lead the way after reaching flat ground sun ce mounted his horse again and asked yu fan you dont have a horse what are you going to do yu fan replied i can travel on foot im capable of travelling  li in a day since the start of the campaigns no one has been able to match my pace you can try letting a horse run and ill catch up with it on foot they encountered a signaller at the main road sun ce took the signallers horn and blew it his men recognised the sound of the horn and rushed there to join him they patrolled the area and pacified the three commanderiessanguozhi zhu  persuading hua xin to surrender to sun ceedit see also sun ces conquests in jiangdong the jiang biao zhuan recorded that in  when sun ce was leading an army to attack jiangxia commandery  around presentday yunmeng county hubei he passed by yuzhang commandery along the way and wanted to conquer it he invited yu fan to meet him and asked yu to help him ask yuzhangs administrator hua xin to surrender yu fan travelled to yuzhang and succeeded in convincing hua xin to surrender by pointing out that yuzhang stood no chance against sun ces forces hua xin surrendered to sun ce the following daysanguozhi zhu  after capturing yuzhang sun ce led his army back to wu commandery  in presentday suzhou jiangsu where he rewarded his subjects for their contributions he told yu fan that he heard that many ministers in the han imperial court in xu  presentday xuchang henan had the impression that jiangdong had no talents so he wanted to send yu fan there to meet them and prove them wrong he also considered sending zhang hong but he still preferred yu fan yu fan refused and said im like one of your treasured possessions you might lose me if you show me to others and they want me thats why i dont want to go there sun ce laughed and said i still have military campaigns to complete so i cant return home yet youre like my xiao he i intend to let you return to kuaiji as an officer of merit to help me guard the commandery yu fan travelled back to kuaiji three days latersanguozhi zhu  pei songzhi commented that the jiang biao zhuans account of yu fan persuading hua xin to surrender is less reliable as compared to another account from the wu li he felt that hua xin was not militarily weaker than wang lang as suggested in the jiang biao zhuan and he might have resisted sun ce if he was in control of kuaiji instead of yuzhangsanguozhi zhu  events after sun ces deathedit yu fan was appointed as the chief  of fuchun county  in presentday fuyang zhejiang later when sun ce died in  ce many countylevel officials wanted to travel to wu commandery to attend his funeral yu fan disapproved because he was worried that the shanyue tribes would take advantage of their absence to cause trouble in the counties hence he remained in fuchun county but wore mourning garments to express his grief the other officials followed suit and the area was peacefulsanguozhi  the wu shu and kuaiji dianlu recorded an incident involving sun hao  a cousin of sun ce sun hao held the appointment of general of the household who establishes martial might  and was stationed at wucheng county  in presentday huzhou zhejiang after sun ce died and was succeeded by his younger brother sun quan sun hao rallied his subordinates formed an army and prepared to attack kuaiji commandery when yu fan heard about it he ordered the people in kuaiji to guard the commandery and await orders from their new lord sun quan while he met sun hao personallysanguozhi zhu  he warned sun hao our former lord had passed away sun quan is now our new lord im prepared to lead everyone in kuaiji to defend the commandery and eliminate any threat to our new lord you better reconsider this sun hao retreatedsanguozhi zhu  pei songzhi pointed out a discrepancy between the sanguozhi account and the wu shu and kuaiji dianlu accounts about the appointment held by yu fan around  ce when sun ce died the sanguozhi mentioned that yu fan was the chief of fuchun county but the wu shu and kuaiji dianlu suggested that yu was still serving as an officer of merit in kuaiji commandery at the timesanguozhi zhu  service under sun quanedit yu fan was later nominated as a maocai  the han imperial court in xu  presentday xuchang henan offered him a position to be an imperial clerk  but he declined the offer the warlord cao cao who then held the nominal appointment of minister of works  even though he controlled the han central government also wanted to recruit yu fan to serve in his officesanguozhi  when yu fan heard about it he remarked the robber zhi  wishes to use his excess wealth to corrupt good people he then rejected cao caos offersanguozhi zhu  yu fan made annotations to the i ching and once sent his work to kong rong the minister steward  in the han court for him to read kong rong praised yu fans work and replied that yus work made him realise that there was more about the beauty of the southeast than just the bamboo arrows of kuaiji zhang hong the commandant of the east section in kuaiji  also wrote to kong rong and mentioned yu fan yu zhongxiang used to be scorned at by scholars a beautiful piece of jade may look simple on the outside but it sparkles after it is polished the ridicule he faced then had no negative effect on himsanguozhi  sun quan appointed yu fan as a cavalry commandant  yu fan was known for being very candid and direct in giving advice to sun quan but in doing so he offended his lord on many occasions and made him unhappy besides he was known for exhibiting socially deviant behaviour hence he did not get along well with others and was slandered by them sun quan had him confined in jing county  danyang commandery  in presentday chunan county zhejiangsanguozhi  role in the conquest of jing provinceedit main article lü mengs invasion of jing province in  sun quans general lü meng planned to attack liu beis territories in southern jing province which were guarded by lius general guan yu he claimed that he was ill and returned to jianye  presentday nanjing jiangsu to put guan yu off guard he also managed to persuade sun quan to release yu fan from confinement and let yu accompany him because yu had medical skills and could help to treat his illnesssanguozhi  later that year during the invasion of jing province after lü meng received the surrender of mi fang the administrator of nan commandery  commandery capital in presentday jiangling county hubei he did not immediately order his forces to occupy the city and instead held celebrations on the beach yu fan reminded lü meng as of now only general mi has surrendered to us we cannot trust that everyone in the city is willing to surrender too why are you celebrating here instead of quickly taking control of the city lü meng followed yu fans advice there was actually a planned ambush in the city but it was not successfully carried out because lü meng heeded yu fans warning in timesanguozhi  after guan yu was defeated sun quan ordered yu fan to use divination to predict the final outcome and yu concluded hell lose his head within two days yu fans prediction came true sun quan remarked you may not be as good as fuxi but youre comparable to dongfang shuosanguozhi  mocking yu jinedit cao caos general yu jin was captured by guan yu during the battle of fancheng and was held captive in nan commandery after sun quan seized control of nan commandery he released yu jin and treated him with respect one day when sun quan travelling on horseback he asked yu jin to ride beside him yu fan saw that and shouted at yu jin youre a surrendered prisonerofwar how dare you ride sidebyside with my lord he wanted to hit yu jin with his horsewhip but sun quan ordered him to stop later when yu jin joined sun quan in a feast with his subjects on board a ship he shed tears when he heard music being played yu fan mocked him are you trying to pretend to plead for mercy sun quan was very unhappy with yu fansanguozhi  in  after cao cao died his son cao pi forced emperor xian to abdicate in his favour thereby ending the han dynasty cao pi then established the state of cao wei sun quan made peace with cao pi and planned to send yu jin back to wei but yu fan objected and urged him to execute yu jin sun quan did not listen to yu fan on the day of yu jins departure sun quans subjects including yu fan came to see him off yu fan told yu jin dont you ever think there are no great men in wu it is just that my advice wasnt heeded despite being humiliated by yu fan during his stay in wu yu jin spoke highly of yu fan when he returned to wei cao pi even prepared a seat for yu fansanguozhi zhu  even though he knew that it would probably remain permanently unoccupied showing disrespect to sun quanedit in  cao pi made sun quan a vassal king under the title king of wu  after sun pledged allegiance to him sun quan threw a feast to celebrate with his subjects during the feast he moved around and personally poured wine for his subjects when he came to yu fan he saw that yu was lying on the ground and appeared to be drunk so he walked away yu fan immediately sat up as soon as sun quan walked away sun quan was furious when he saw that and he drew his sword and wanted to kill yu fan his subjects were all shocked and fearful only liu ji  the minister of finance stood up grabbed sun quan and pleaded with him to spare yu fan liu ji said if your majesty kills a good man when youre drunk even if yu fan is in the wrong who would understand the truth your majesty is famous and respected because you showed acceptance and tolerance towards virtuous and talented people over the years is it worth ruining your good reputation in just one day sun quan said if cao mengde can kill kong wenju why cant i do the same to yu fan liu ji replied mengde killed virtuous people recklessly hence he didnt win over peoples hearts your majesty promotes moral values and righteousness and wishes to be compared to yao and shun why are you comparing yourself to him sun quan then spared yu fan and instructed his men to ignore his orders in the future if he was not sober when he ordered someone to be executedsanguozhi  insulting mi fangedit yu fan once sailed along the river and encountered mi fang the sailors on mi fangs boat wanted yu fans boat to give way so they shouted make way for the generals boat yu fan replied angrily how can you serve a lord when youve already abandoned the values of loyalty and righteousness are you still fit to be called a general after youve lost two of your previous lords strongholds mi fang did not reply and he drew the curtains on his boat and instructed his men to give waysanguozhi  in another incident yu fan was riding in a carriage when he passed by mi fangs garrison along the way mi fangs men closed the gates so yu fan was unable to pass through yu fan was furious and he shouted you leave the gates open when they are supposed to be closed and you close them when they are supposed to be opened is this what you should be doing mi fang felt ashamed when he heard yu fans remarksanguozhi  exile to jiao province and deathedit yu fan was known to be very direct in his speech and there were many instances when he offended people while he was drunk once when sun quan and zhang zhao were talking about immortals yu fan pointed at zhang and shouted they are all dead people yet you call them immortals how can there be immortals in this world at this point sun quan could no longer tolerate yu fan so he exiled him to jiao province while he was in exile yu fan held lectures and had hundreds of studentssanguozhi  he also annotated ancient classics such as the daodejing lunyu and guoyusanguozhi  he was friendly with ding lan  and xu ling  both of them started their careers as lowranking officers serving in county offices but their lives changed after they met yu fan because they rose through the ranks and became famous later onsanguozhi  the yu fan biezhuan recorded that in  after sun quan proclaimed himself emperor and established the state of eastern wu yu fan wrote a memorial to congratulate him he also expressed remorse for his past mistakes and hinted that he hoped that sun quan would allow him to return to jianye  in presentday nanjing jiangsusanguozhi zhu  yu fan spent more than a decade living in exile he died at the age of  by east asian age reckoningsanguozhi  sun quan permitted yu fans family to bring his remains back to yuyao county for burial he also freed them from exilesanguozhi  when yu fan was living in exile he was still very concerned about state affairs for example he strongly opposed sun quans idea of sending an army across the sea to attack the warlord gongsun yuan in liaodong in northeastern china however he did not dare to voice his opinion directly to sun quan so he asked lü dai to help him pass his message to sun quan but lü did not sun quan heard about it later and was so angry with yu fan for opposing his decision that he banished yu further south to mengling county  cangwu commandery  which is located in presentday guangxisanguozhi zhu  sun quan sent a fleet to attack gongsun yuan but he regretted his decision later when storms caused the fleet to sustain heavy damage and losses he remembered yu fan and quickly sent messengers to jiao province to fetch yu fan back to jianye but yu had already diedsanguozhi zhu  familyedit yu fan had  sonssanguozhi  among them the notable ones were yu si yu zhong yu song and yu bing the names of his other sons were not recorded in history appraisaledit chen shou who wrote yu fans biography in the records of the three kingdoms noted that yu fan was very candid and direct in his speech he also commented that sun quans lack of tolerance for yu fan was a sign that sun was not a magnanimous personsanguozhi  in romance of the three kingdomsedit yu fan appeared as a character in luo guanzhongs historical novel romance of the three kingdoms which romanticises the history of the late eastern han dynasty and the three kingdoms period in chapter  yu fan was one of the wu scholars who debated with zhuge liang over sun quans decision to ally with liu bei against cao cao in chapter  during lü mengs invasion of jing province yu fan succeeded in persuaded guan yus subordinate fu shiren to surrender see alsoedit list of people of the three kingdoms notesedit  rafe de crespigny states in a biographical dictionary of later han to the three kingdoms – ad that yu fan died in  yu fans biography in the sanguozhi mentions that yu was  years old by east asian age reckoning when he died hence by calculation yu fan was probably born in  however the zizhi tongjian recorded that yu fan was already dead when sun quan wanted to recall him back from jiao province in the th or th month in the th year of the taihe era – in cao ruis reign this slightly contradicts the year of death given in de crespignys a biographical dictionary we use the year of death provided in de crespignys a biographical dictionary in this article referencesedit citations from sanguozhi vol   字，，  sanguozhi vol    王朗命為。，，，，，。，，  sanguozhi vol    。，，候官閉城不受，，。 sanguozhi vol   ：「，。」 sanguozhi vol   ，策復命為，，。 sanguozhi vol   ，：「，，，。，，。，，困於，，，。」：「。，，，。」 sanguozhi vol   為富春。，諸吏並欲出赴喪，：「，，。」。，。 sanguozhi vol   後翻州舉，漢召為，曹公為辟，。 sanguozhi vol   翻與孔融書，。：「，，，。，，，，。」張紘又與融書：「虞前頗為論者所侵，，，。」 sanguozhi vol   孫權以為。，，，，坐徙丹楊。 sanguozhi vol   ，稱疾還，，，。 sanguozhi vol   ，麋芳開城出降。，：「，，？」。，。 sanguozhi vol   ，，，，，：「，。」。：「，。」 sanguozhi vol   ，，，。，，，：「，！」，。，，：「？」。 sanguozhi vol   權旣為，，，，。，。，，，惟大司農起抱權諫：「，，，？，，，？」：「，孤於何有哉？」：「，。，、，？」。，，。 sanguozhi vol   ，，，：「！」：「，？，，？」。 sanguozhi vol   ，，，。：「，，？」，。 sanguozhi vol   ，。，：「，，！」，。，，。 sanguozhi vol   、、，。 sanguozhi vol   ，山陰，太末，，，，，。 sanguozhi vol   ，。 sanguozhi vol   ，。 sanguozhi vol   ，  sanguozhi vol   ：古之狂直，，，。 sanguozhi vol  chen shou records of the three kingdoms sanguozhi citations from annotations in the sanguozhi  ：，。，，，：「，，，！」，。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，朗惑記，「，」，。，，：「，，？」。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：朗使翻見豫章華歆，。，，。，以臣使有，，。，。，翻，，。 yu fan biezhuan annotation and pei songzhis note in sanguozhi vol   ：策書謂：「，，。」 jiang biao zhuan annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，，，。，：「。」：「！」：「，，，，。，。」，。：「？」：「，，，，，。」，，，，，，。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，，：「，。，，，，。」，，，：「，？」：「。」：「？？？」：「。」：「，，，，，。，，，，。，，，。」，，。 jiang biao zhuan annotation in sanguozhi vol   ，，，，謂：「，，，，，，。。，故前欲令卿一詣，，。，；。」：「，，，，。」：「。」：「，，卿復以為吾蕭何，。」，。 jiang biao zhuan annotation in sanguozhi vol   、，，。，，而述翻說華，「，」，此非也。王公拒戰，，實由孫策起，，，？，，，非必用之說也。，。案吳歷載翻：「，，，。」歆：「。」：「，？」：「大。」：「明府不如王會稽，；，。」，，歆乃荅當去。，歆。，。 pei songzhis annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，。暠，，，，。，，。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   載翻說暠：「，。，，，，，，。」。 kuaiji dianlu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，翻猶為，。 pei songzhis annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，：「欲以餘財污良家邪？」。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，，翻復諫：「，，。，。，，，。」。，翻謂禁：「，。」，猶盛歎翻，。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，翻因上書：「，、，，。，。，，，。，，，，，，，，，。，，，，，，，，，傍聽鍾鼓侃之樂，，，，，。」 yu fan biezhuan annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，，，，，，，，。，，，，。 wu shu annotation in sanguozhi vol   ：，，，，乃令：「，。亮直，善於盡，。，。」，，，；，，。。 jiang biao zhuan annotation in sanguozhi vol  pei songzhi annotations to records of the three kingdoms sanguozhi zhu other sources  a b c （、）  ，始思之，。，。 zizhi tongjian vol   a b de crespigny rafe  a biographical dictionary of later han to the three kingdoms – ad brill p  isbn    zizhi tongjian vol   zizhi tongjian vol   zizhi tongjian vol   a b zizhi tongjian vol   zizhi tongjian vol   座上忽一人抗聲問：「，，，，？」，乃也。  不能對。 sanguo yanyi ch   至，，，。，。，。，，；，請入城。，。，。，即同齎印綬來荊州投降。 sanguo yanyi ch  luo guanzhong romance of the three kingdoms sanguo yanyi sima guang zizhi tongjian v t e prominent people of eastern wu emperors sun quan sun liang sun xiu sun hao empresses and noble ladies bu lianshi empress dowager he empress pan empress quan huijie empress teng fanglan lady xie empress zhu princes and royal figures sun ba sun deng sun fen sun he sun lü regents zhuge ke sun jun sun chen civil officers cen hun cheng bing gu tan gu yong he zhi hua he kan ze lu kai lu mao lu xun lü dai luo tong pan jun shi kuang shi xie shi yi shi zhi teng xiu teng yin wan yu wei zhao wu can xue xu xue ying xue zong yan jun yin li yong kai yu fan yuan yao zhang ti zhang xiu zhang zhao zhuge jin military officers bu zhi chen biao ding feng elder ding feng younger guanqiu xiu han dang he qi ling tong liu lue lu jing lu kang lü ju lü fan mi fang pan zhang quan cong shi hui song qian sun huan sun lang sun shao sun xin tang zi tao jun wang fan wei miao wen hu wen qin wen yang xie jing xu sheng yu si yu quan yu zhong zhang bu zhang cheng zhou fang zhou tai zhu huan zhu ju zhu ran zhu yi zhu zhi others cao buxing chen zhuo ge xuan lu ji zhi qian retrieved from httpsenwikipediaorgwindexphptitleyufanoldid categories  births deathssun ce and associatesofficials under sun quaneastern wu politicianshan dynasty politicians from zhejiangpoliticians from ningbowriters from ningbochinese spiritual writershan dynasty essayistseastern wu essayistsancient chinese physicianshidden categories articles containing chineselanguage text navigation menu personal tools not logged intalkcontributionscreate accountlog in namespaces article talk variants views read edit view history more search navigation main pagecontentsfeatured contentcurrent eventsrandom articledonate to wikipediawikipedia store interaction helpabout wikipediacommunity portalrecent changescontact page tools what links hererelated changesupload filespecial pagespermanent linkpage informationwikidata itemcite this page printexport create a bookdownload as pdfprintable version languages 한국어srpskohrvatski  српскохрватскиtiếng việt文 edit links this page was last edited on  january  at  text is available under the creative commons attributionsharealike license additional terms may apply by using this site you agree to the terms of use and privacy policy wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the wikimedia foundation inc a nonprofit organization privacy policy about wikipedia disclaimers contact wikipedia developers cookie statement mobile view yu fan decorative products factory jin xia tong luo wei lu   changan town dongguan city guangdong city china  supplier report — panjiva panjiva menu panjiva solutions buyers suppliers logistics governments analysts products platform enterprise api our data united states trade data mexico trade data brazil trade data central  south america data china trade data trendspotting panjiva research pricing search english español  demo request a demo  sign in yu fan decorative products factory company profile made by panjiva company profile  supplier company  china see yu fan decorative products factorys products and customers thousands of companies like you use panjiva to research suppliers and competitors sign up  min video easy access to trade data us customs records organized by company  us shipments available for yu fan decorative products factory updated weekly since  date supplier customer details  more fields  see all  shipment records for yu fan decorative products factory with a panjiva data planrequest a demoorsign up   yu fan decorative products factory rocket jewelry box inc rto rg bracelet box rgroberto rg necklace box bracelet box rgroberto rg earpend box rgrobe bill of lading shipment data shows what products a company is trading and more learn more quickly analyze trade relationships network view map explore trading relationships hidden in us import data see all  customers of yu fan decorative products factory learn more about network view top customers rocket jewelry box inc sign up to access sign up to access  customers available top products pend ring earring pb deep well  top products available contact information for yu fan decorative products factory   address jin xia tong luo wei lu   changan town dongguan city guangdong city china             sample bill of lading  shipment records available date  shipper name yu fan decorative products factory shipper address wei lu  changan town donguan gd  china  consignee name rocket jewelry box inc consignee address  east th street bronx ny uni ted states  notify party name rocket jewelry box inc notify party address  east th street bronx ny uni ted states  weight  weight unit kg weight in kg  quantity  quantity unit ctn measure  measure unit cm country of origin china details  kgfrom port yantian chinato port new yorknewark area newark new jersey place of receipt yantian foreign port of lading yantian china us port of unlading new yorknewark area newark new jersey us destination port new yorknewark area newark new jersey commodity a cei cei egg sh bracelet box container cbhu marks description see attachment carrier name cosco shipping lines co ltd vessel name cosco tianjin voyage number a bill of lading number cosub master bill of lading number cosu lloyds code  suppliers of similar products from china chinese bracelet manufacturerschinese deep manufacturerschinese earring manufacturerschinese pend manufacturerschinese pouch manufacturerschinese ring manufacturerschinese well manufacturers suppliers similar to yu fan decorative products factory shanghai helaine medical device codalian shanli food ltdzhongshan e hang electronics co ltguangzhou fei long trade co ltdkai ya kitchen wares factoryocean navigator express line ltdningbo hua chang tai outdoor produc thousands of companies use panjiva to research suppliers and competitors sign up solutions buyers suppliers logistics governments analysts products platform enterprise api data united states mexico brazil central  south america china panjiva research partners company leadership team board of directors blog press contact jobs  west nd street suite new york ny   usa ‌ request a demo english español  terms of use privacy policy sitemap   panjiva inc cart  continue browsing   bright ideas at lighting new york your vip code zvlyb    my cart d   my lists login call  business hours experts are standing by your side seven days a week lighting experts monday  friday  am to midnight est saturday  sunday  am to midnight est customer care monday  friday  am to pm est international shipping available free shipping  price match guarantee our policies   shop by room shop by room bathroom bedroom dining room foyer game room hallway kids room kitchen living room office outdoor living utility room shop more rooms » shop by style shop by style coastalnautical contemporary craftsman crystal early american midcenturymodern nature inspired noveltykids period inspired regional rustic traditional transitional vintage shop more styles » shop by category shop by category ceiling lights flush mounts semiflush mounts chandeliers mini chandeliers pendants mini pendants shop more » wall lights wall sconces bathroom vanity lights picture lights swing arm lightswall lamps shop more » outdoor lighting outdoor wall lights outdoor ceiling lights outdoor pendantschandeliers post lights  accessories pathway lighting deckstep lighting shop more » lamps floor lamps table lamps desk lamps shop more » home decor decor fountains mirrors tables chairs other furniture shop more » fans indoor ceiling fans fan blades fan light kits fan accessories portablefreestanding fans outdoor fans shop more » lighting accessories light bulbs dimmers and switches shades lighting accessories lighting glass shades spot lights shop more » shop by brand shop by brand craftmade crystorama elk feiss hinkley hudson valley kichler livex maxim quoizel savoy house sea gull troy lighting visual comfort wac lighting shop more brands » sales  clearance more more ways to shop new for  best sellers open box coupons holiday gift guide lightfinder explore bright ideas lnyexpress enjoy free day shipping on kichler  quoizel products home  »  bright ideas professionals call  or apply online for trade discounts apply now       business hours lighting new york is standing by your side seven days a week lighting experts  m  f  am to am est sa  su  am to am est customer care  m  f am to pm est call now    bright ideas at lighting new york   head start on holiday renovations   view collection   summer retreat this way to paradise view collection   statement lighting  lny view collection   this summers best bask in the best of the sunshine season view collection   gifts for dad   view collection   spin me ‘round modern ceiling fans lighten a space fora look thats clean  effortless view collection    colors   view collection   twotone style   view collection   wood finishes   view collection   neutral  natural   view collection   atom lights   view collection   industrial looks   view collection   brass is back go from trendy to timeless view collection   whites shades of white view collection   greenery  color of the year view collection    trends to look for what’s hot in lighting view collection   bring the bling sparkle  shine with crystals  glass view collection   metals that rock mix  match metallic finishes view collection   best of    view collection   lightingexpert picks looks that rock view collection   layer your lighting transform every room into a comfortable  functional space view collection   geometric lighting  decor   view collection   jonathan adler designer  robert abbey view collection   libby langdon designer  crystorama view collection   ef chapman designer  visual comfort view collection   kathy ireland designer  pacific coast view collection   blues   view collection   crystorama swarovski branded crystals absolute perfection view collection   crystorama swarovski spectra a beautiful value view collection   glitz  glamour   view collection shop our catalog shop by roomshop by styleshop by brand ceiling lights wall lights outdoor lighting lamps home decor fans lighting accessories best sellerssales  clearance new for  customer care contact us location  directions orderingshipping our guarantee privacy policy return policy security promise pricing disclaimer  price match buy with affirm my account log in  sign up my orders  quotes my lists my addresses my product reviews about lny career opportunities customer reviews meet the family google connect with lny i want to receive design inspiration email exclusive previewssale alerts  offers   popular searches by popularity  our choices  recent additions  customer picks  title view topsellers by popularity  best sellers  recent additions  title  brand popular items by popularity  our choices  recent additions  customer picks  title view products by popularity  best sellers  recent additions  title  brand your vip code zvlyb lighting new york   all rights reserved view our mobile site cookies are disabled to use our account and shopping cart experience your browser must allow session cookies javascript is disabled we recommend enabling javascript for the best possible experience microsoft personalized ad preferences to opt out of personalized ads in this browser your browser history must allow firstparty and thirdparty cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to not delete browsing history on exit instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings privacy or help documentation sign in hold on… we’re sorry but this didn’t work you can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking thirdparty cookies we can help you fix this issue let’s get started depending on what browser you use open options or settings make sure that thirdparty cookies are not blocked anymore to find out how search your browser’s help revisit httpchoicemicrosoftcomoptout and then on the “personalized ads in this browser” tile click off ext about our ads to create a more customized online experience some of the ads you may receive on microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities searches and site visits youre in control and heres where you can make the advertising choice thats right for you ext where can i learn more about advertising on microsoft websites and apps microsoft partners with oath appnexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on msn outlookcom and other websites and apps microsoft also delivers search ads to bing and our search syndication partners learn more about microsoft’s privacy practices here you can learn more about interestbased ads from oath and appnexus in their privacy statements oath and appnexus what choices do i have about interestbased advertising on this page you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from microsoft you can also opt out of receiving interestbased advertising from all selfregulatory members including microsoft oath appnexus and other third party ad networks at the following sites in the us digital advertising alliance daa in europe european interactive digital advertising alliance edaa in canada ad choices digital advertising alliance of canada daac you can control interestbased advertising in windows apps by turning off the advertising id in windows settings more choices do you want personalized ads from other companies questions if you have a privacy question or a question for the chief privacy officer of microsoft please contact us by using our web form we will respond to questions within  days ext personalized ads in this browser off optout is currently unavailable please try again later control the personalized ads setting for this web browser learn more if you want microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you click on to show “generic” ads click off ext personalized ads wherever i use my microsoft account off sign in to change optout is currently unavailable please try again later control the personalized ads setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your microsoft account including windows windows phone xbox and other devices learn more if you want microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you click on to show “generic” ads click off if you choose “generic” ads and use a browser your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies ext personalized ads in windows in your windows settings you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device you’ll still see ads but they won’t be personalized anymore if you have windows  access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen click or tap settings and then click or tap change pc settings click or tap privacy and then turn off let apps use my advertising id for experiences across apps if you have windows  click or tap the start button click or tap settings click or tap privacy and then turn off let apps use my advertising id for experiences across apps if you have a windows mobile device go to settings tap on privacy tap on advertising id and then turn off let apps use my advertising id for experiences across apps if you want to turn off personalized ads from microsoft wherever you use your microsoft account including apps on windows windows phone xbox and other devices you can do so by selecting the microsoft account option above ext legal privacy  cookies   microsoft shop sales at lighting new york your vip code lzyvb    my cart d   my lists login call  business hours experts are standing by your side seven days a week lighting experts monday  friday  am to midnight est saturday  sunday  am to midnight est customer care monday  friday  am to pm est international shipping available free shipping  price match guarantee our policies   shop by room shop by room bathroom bedroom dining room foyer game room hallway kids room kitchen living room office outdoor living utility room shop more rooms » shop by style shop by style coastalnautical contemporary craftsman crystal early american midcenturymodern nature inspired noveltykids period inspired regional rustic traditional transitional vintage shop more styles » shop by category shop by category ceiling lights flush mounts semiflush mounts chandeliers mini chandeliers pendants mini pendants shop more » wall lights wall sconces bathroom vanity lights picture lights swing arm lightswall lamps shop more » outdoor lighting outdoor wall lights outdoor ceiling lights outdoor pendantschandeliers post lights  accessories pathway lighting deckstep lighting shop more » lamps floor lamps table lamps desk lamps shop more » home decor decor fountains mirrors tables chairs other furniture shop more » fans indoor ceiling fans fan blades fan light kits fan accessories portablefreestanding fans outdoor fans shop more » lighting accessories light bulbs dimmers and switches shades lighting accessories lighting glass shades spot lights shop more » shop by brand shop by brand craftmade crystorama elk feiss hinkley hudson valley kichler livex maxim quoizel savoy house sea gull troy lighting visual comfort wac lighting shop more brands » sales  clearance more more ways to shop new for  best sellers open box coupons holiday gift guide lightfinder explore bright ideas lnyexpress enjoy free day shipping on kichler  quoizel products home  »  sales refine your search  sort by most popular lowest price highest price lowest review highest review  bulb category other  led   price       sale instant discounts  coupon offers  closeouts   room bathroom  bedroom  dining room  foyer  game room  hallway  kids room  kitchen  living room  office  outdoor living  utility room  show more  style coastalnautical  contemporary  craftsman  crystal  early american  midcenturymodern  nature inspired  noveltykids  period inspired  regional  rustic  traditional  transitional  vintage  show more  category bathroom vanity lights  billiard lights  cabinet lighting  chairs  chandeliers  deckstep lighting  decor  desk lamps  dimmers and switches  fan accessories  fan blades  fan light kits  floor lamps  flush mounts  fountains  foyer pendants  indoor ceiling fans  island lights  landscape accent lights  landscape accessories  led tape  light bulbs  lighting accessories  lighting glass shades  mini chandeliers  mini pendants  mirrors  other furniture  outdoor ceiling fans  outdoor ceiling lights  outdoor fans  outdoor lamps  outdoor lighting accessories  outdoor pendantschandeliers  outdoor wall lights  pathway lighting  pendants  picture lights  portablefreestanding fans  post lights  accessories  rail lighting  recessed  semiflush mounts  shades  spot lights  swing arm lightswall lamps  table lamps  tables  track lighting  wall sconces  show more  finish color art glass  blacks  blues  browns  clear  goldsyellows  greens  oranges  purples  reds  silversgrays  stone  whites  wood tones  show more  finish type antiqued  burnished  crackle  distressed  gloss  marbled  matte  metallic  oilrubbed  painted  polished  textured  unfinished  show more  width       height       number of bulbs                                                                                                     show more  brand access  adesso  allegri  artcraft  arteriors  capital lighting  casablanca  corbett lighting  craftmade  crystorama  cyan design  dale tiffany  designers fountain  dimond home  dimond lighting  dolan designs  eglo  elan  elegant lighting  elk  emerson  et  fanimation  feiss  fredrick ramond  george kovacs  golden lighting  guildmaster  hinkley  howard elliott collection  hudson valley  jesco  justice design  kalco  kenroy lighting  kichler  lamp works  light visions  lighting new york  lite source  livex  lumenno  matthews fan co  maxim  minkalavery  mirror masters  modern forms  norwell  nuvo  philips  plc lighting  pomeroy  progress  quoizel  quorum  renwil  satco  savoy house  sea gull  sterling  thomas lighting  thumprints  trans globe lighting  troy lighting  uttermost  varaluz  wac lighting  zlite  show more  review rate                                                        special features energy star  dark sky  ada  title   professionals call  or apply online for trade discounts apply now       business hours lighting new york is standing by your side seven days a week lighting experts  m  f  am to midnight est sa  su  am to midnight est customer care  m  f am to pm est call now     shop sales page  of  results  save  savoy house fd alsace  inch reclaimed wood with chestnut blades fandelier          in stock free shipping   add to list coupon sale quoizel erbn emery  light  inch brushed nickel mini pendant ceiling light          in stock free shipping  add to list closeout corbett lighting  altitude  inch modern silver leaf pendant ceiling light  in stock free shipping  add to list coupon sale quoizel trgoz trilogy  light  inch old bronze semiflush mount ceiling light          in stock free shipping  add to list coupon sale quoizel grtbn grant  light  inch brushed nickel mini pendant ceiling light          in stock free shipping  add to list save  sea gull  socorro  light  inch stardust hall foyer ceiling light          in stock free shipping   add to list coupon sale quoizel erbn emery  light  inch brushed nickel pendant ceiling light          in stock free shipping  add to list save  livex  westover  light  inch black outdoor wall lantern          in stock free shipping   add to list save  savoy house hsvsn polaris  inch satin nickel with silver blades hugger ceiling fan  in stock free shipping   add to list save  livex  georgetown  light  inch polished brass outdoor wall lantern          in stock free shipping   add to list coupon sale quoizel cramc cloverdale  light  inch mottled cocoa semiflush mount ceiling light          in stock free shipping  add to list save  savoy house fd brisa  inch english bronze fandelier airionizing          in stock free shipping   add to list save  savoy house fd vireo  inch silver dust with silver blades fandelier airionizing          in stock free shipping   add to list coupon sale craftmade wp winton  light  inch weathered pine and bronze chandelier ceiling light          in stock free shipping  add to list save  savoy house cn alsace  inch reclaimed wood with chestnut blades ceiling fan          in stock free shipping   add to list save  savoy house ca circulaire iii  inch english bronze with beechwood blades ceiling fan          in stock free shipping   add to list save  savoy house wa connell  inch english bronze ceiling fan  in stock free shipping   add to list closeout kichler bz direct wire led led  inch bronze cabinet strip          in stock  add to list coupon sale quoizel tfsvb tiffany  light  inch vintage bronze flush mount ceiling light          in stock free shipping  add to list save  adesso  hamilton  inch  watt walnut and antique brass floor lamp portable light          in stock free shipping   add to list coupon sale quoizel tfvb tiffany  light  inch vintage bronze pendant ceiling light          in stock free shipping  add to list coupon sale craftmade uci signature fan remote and wall control          in stock free shipping  add to list save  sea gull  sebring  light  inch weathered copper outdoor ceiling lantern          in stock free shipping   add to list coupon sale quoizel erbn emery  light  inch brushed nickel island light ceiling light          in stock free shipping  add to list coupon sale quoizel hktc holbrook  light  inch tuscan brown chandelier ceiling light          in stock free shipping  add to list save  sea gull  stirling  light  inch brushed nickel flush mount ceiling light in white linen fabric standard          in stock free shipping   add to list closeout feiss sffsv celine  light  inch firenze silver semi flush mount ceiling light in standard          in stock free shipping  add to list save  livex  outdoor basics  light  inch polished brass outdoor wall lantern          in stock free shipping   add to list save  sea gull  bretton  light  inch brushed nickel pendant convertible ceiling light          in stock free shipping   add to list save  savoy house fdsn etesian  inch satin nickel fandelier airionizing          in stock free shipping   add to list « back      next » shop our catalog shop by roomshop by styleshop by brand ceiling lights wall lights outdoor lighting lamps home decor fans lighting accessories best sellerssales  clearance new for  customer care contact us location  directions orderingshipping our guarantee privacy policy return policy security promise pricing disclaimer  price match buy with affirm my account log in  sign up my orders  quotes my lists my addresses my product reviews about lny career opportunities customer reviews meet the family google connect with lny i want to receive design inspiration email exclusive previewssale alerts  offers   popular searches by popularity  our choices  recent additions  customer picks  title view topsellers by popularity  best sellers  recent additions  title  brand popular items by popularity  our choices  recent additions  customer picks  title view products by popularity  best sellers  recent additions  title  brand your vip code lzyvb lighting new york   all rights reserved view our mobile site cookies are disabled to use our account and shopping cart experience your browser must allow session cookies javascript is disabled we recommend enabling javascript for the best possible experience yu fans profile on product hunt product huntthe best new products every dayask●log insign up yu fanedceezzfollowingfollowersfollow upvotesusagea simple menubar app for tracking your application usagetech  save  contributions for githubshow your github contributions graph on your ios devicesiphone  save  ratemerate your friends just like in black mirror ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️tech  save  suprellaumbrella that opens upside down and has nano coating ☂️tech  save  touchbar for your old macbookuse touch bar on an ipad through usb connectiontech  save  tile matea tiny bluetooth tracker never lose your thingsiphone  save  news apiget live headlines from a range of news sourcestech  save  type anythingtest  create the perfect typography setup for your websitetech  save  currencyx beautiful currency client designed for os x el capitantech  save  scaling leanash mauryas new book on mastering key metrics for growthbooks  save  wirifyturn any web page into a wireframe in one clicktech  save  and chillfriendly bot that gives you amazing movie recommendations 📽tech  save  invoice makergenerate your invoices online for freetech save  the gyroscope appsee the complete story of your lifeiphone  save  emojigifscrazy animated emoji gifs 😱tech  save  gboard by googlegoogle search gifs emojis  more—right from your keyboardiphone  save  opera vpn for iosfree unlimited ad blocking vpn browseriphone  save  ulysses for iphonewrite anything anywhereiphone  save  aptersmart plug  play search for ecommerce sitestech save  tyme time tracking made easyiphone  save  share this profilerecent commentsairmail for ios shop for less with coupons from lighting new york your vip code xyutl    my cart d   my lists login call  business hours experts are standing by your side seven days a week lighting experts monday  friday  am to midnight est saturday  sunday  am to midnight est customer care monday  friday  am to pm est international shipping available free shipping  price match guarantee our policies   shop by room shop by room bathroom bedroom dining room foyer game room hallway kids room kitchen living room office outdoor living utility room shop more rooms » shop by style shop by style coastalnautical contemporary craftsman crystal early american midcenturymodern nature inspired noveltykids period inspired regional rustic traditional transitional vintage shop more styles » shop by category shop by category ceiling lights flush mounts semiflush mounts chandeliers mini chandeliers pendants mini pendants shop more » wall lights wall sconces bathroom vanity lights picture lights swing arm lightswall lamps shop more » outdoor lighting outdoor wall lights outdoor ceiling lights outdoor pendantschandeliers post lights  accessories pathway lighting deckstep lighting shop more » lamps floor lamps table lamps desk lamps shop more » home decor decor fountains mirrors tables chairs other furniture shop more » fans indoor ceiling fans fan blades fan light kits fan accessories portablefreestanding fans outdoor fans shop more » lighting accessories light bulbs dimmers and switches shades lighting accessories lighting glass shades spot lights shop more » shop by brand shop by brand craftmade crystorama elk feiss hinkley hudson valley kichler livex maxim quoizel savoy house sea gull troy lighting visual comfort wac lighting shop more brands » sales  clearance more more ways to shop new for  best sellers open box coupons holiday gift guide lightfinder explore bright ideas lnyexpress enjoy free day shipping on kichler  quoizel products home  »  coupons professionals call  or apply online for trade discounts apply now       shop by room bathroom bedroom dining room foyer game room hallway kids room kitchen living room office outdoor living utility room dinette kitchenette deck patio porch show more shop by style coastalnautical contemporary craftsman crystal early american midcenturymodern nature inspired noveltykids period inspired regional rustic traditional transitional vintage coastal nautical seaside eclectic metropolitan urban utilitarian art glass mission tiffany colonial primitive art moderne retro garden organic tropical wood kids novelty whimsical art deco art nouveau old world victorian african americana asian british european french country mediterranean moroccan southwestern spanish tuscan venetian country farmhouse folk lodge shabby chic architectural classical fusion industrial pharmacy restoration schoolhouse show more shop by category flush mounts semiflush mounts chandeliers mini chandeliers pendants mini pendants foyer pendants island lights billiard lights recessed track lighting rail lighting cable lighting cabinet lighting wall sconces bathroom vanity lights picture lights swing arm lightswall lamps outdoor wall lights outdoor ceiling lights outdoor pendantschandeliers post lights  accessories pathway lighting deckstep lighting landscape accent lights landscape accessories outdoor lamps outdoor decor outdoor lighting accessories floor lamps table lamps desk lamps decor fountains mirrors tables chairs other furniture uncategorized indoor ceiling fans fan blades fan light kits fan accessories portablefreestanding fans outdoor fans light bulbs dimmers and switches shades lighting accessories lighting glass shades spot lights led tape show more shop by brand abra lighting american lighting bethel international george kovacs innovations lighting james r moder light visions renwil stein world surya craftmade crystorama elk feiss hinkley hudson valley kichler livex maxim quoizel savoy house sea gull troy lighting visual comfort wac lighting afx abra lighting access adesso allegri ambiance american lighting arroyo craftsman artcraft arteriors avenue lighting besa lighting bethel international bulbrite capital lighting casablanca concord corbett lighting craftmade crystorama currey  company cyan design dvi dainolite dale tiffany designers fountain dimond home dimond lighting diode led dolan designs elk et eglo elan elegant lighting emerson fanimation feiss fine art lamps framburg fredrick ramond george kovacs golden lighting guildmaster hinkley house of troy howard elliott collection hudson valley hunter fan innovations lighting jvi designs james r moder jesco john richard justice design kalco kenroy lighting kichler lbl lighting lamp works legrand light visions lighting new york lights up lite source lithonia lighting littlite livex lumenno mariana matthews fan co maxim metropolitan minkaaire minkalavery mirror masters modern forms monte carlo fans northeast lantern norwell nuvo plc lighting pacific coast philips pomeroy progress quoizel quorum renwil robert abbey rogue decor company satco savoy house schonbek sea gull sonneman stein world sterling stiffel surya swarovski tech lighting theodore alexander thomas lighting thumprints trans globe lighting troy lighting troy rlm lighting uttermost van teal varaluz visual comfort wac lighting wpt design waterford crystal wildwood lamps zlite zeev lighting show more business hours lighting new york is standing by your side seven days a week lighting experts  m  f  am to am est sa  su  am to am est customer care  m  f am to pm est call now   shop for less with coupons from lighting new york entire line save code cftmd expires in  days entire line save code dmh expires in  days vanity save code et expires in  days entire line save code gdm expires in  days pendant save code max expires in  days peoples choice save code qupc expires in  days entire line save code tms expires in  days entire line habitat save code zlthab expires in  days select skus save code satss expires  select skus save code hebts expires  collections et save code etc expires  collections save code maxc expires  visual comfort open box save code lnyvcm expires  entire line save code lv expires  shop our catalog shop by roomshop by styleshop by brand ceiling lights wall lights outdoor lighting lamps home decor fans lighting accessories best sellerssales  clearance new for  customer care contact us location  directions orderingshipping our guarantee privacy policy return policy security promise pricing disclaimer  price match buy with affirm my account log in  sign up my orders  quotes my lists my addresses my product reviews about lny career opportunities customer reviews meet the family google connect with lny i want to receive design inspiration email exclusive previewssale alerts  offers   popular searches by popularity  our choices  recent additions  customer picks  title view topsellers by popularity  best sellers  recent additions  title  brand popular items by popularity  our choices  recent additions  customer picks  title view products by popularity  best sellers  recent additions  title  brand your vip code xyutl lighting new york   all rights reserved view our mobile site cookies are disabled to use our account and shopping cart experience your browser must allow session cookies javascript is disabled we recommend enabling javascript for the best possible experience shop our best selling products at lighting new york your vip code pcmvelm    my cart d   my lists login call  business hours experts are standing by your side seven days a week lighting experts monday  friday  am to midnight est saturday  sunday  am to midnight est customer care monday  friday  am to pm est international shipping available free shipping  price match guarantee our policies   shop by room shop by room bathroom bedroom dining room foyer game room hallway kids room kitchen living room office outdoor living utility room shop more rooms » shop by style shop by style coastalnautical contemporary craftsman crystal early american midcenturymodern nature inspired noveltykids period inspired regional rustic traditional transitional vintage shop more styles » shop by category shop by category ceiling lights flush mounts semiflush mounts chandeliers mini chandeliers pendants mini pendants shop more » wall lights wall sconces bathroom vanity lights picture lights swing arm lightswall lamps shop more » outdoor lighting outdoor wall lights outdoor ceiling lights outdoor pendantschandeliers post lights  accessories pathway lighting deckstep lighting shop more » lamps floor lamps table lamps desk lamps shop more » home decor decor fountains mirrors tables chairs other furniture shop more » fans indoor ceiling fans fan blades fan light kits fan accessories portablefreestanding fans outdoor fans shop more » lighting accessories light bulbs dimmers and switches shades lighting accessories lighting glass shades spot lights shop more » shop by brand shop by brand craftmade crystorama elk feiss hinkley hudson valley kichler livex maxim quoizel savoy house sea gull troy lighting visual comfort wac lighting shop more brands » sales  clearance more more ways to shop new for  best sellers open box coupons holiday gift guide lightfinder explore bright ideas lnyexpress enjoy free day shipping on kichler  quoizel products home  »  best sellers refine your search  sort by most popular lowest price highest price lowest review highest review  bulb category other  led   price       sale instant discounts  coupon offers  closeouts  all sales   room bathroom  bedroom  dining room  foyer  game room  hallway  kids room  kitchen  living room  office  outdoor living  utility room  show more  style coastalnautical  contemporary  craftsman  crystal  early american  midcenturymodern  nature inspired  noveltykids  period inspired  regional  rustic  traditional  transitional  vintage  show more  category bathroom vanity lights  billiard lights  cabinet lighting  chandeliers  deckstep lighting  desk lamps  fan light kits  floor lamps  flush mounts  foyer pendants  indoor ceiling fans  island lights  landscape accent lights  landscape accessories  mini chandeliers  mini pendants  mirrors  outdoor ceiling lights  outdoor fans  outdoor pendantschandeliers  outdoor wall lights  pathway lighting  pendants  picture lights  post lights  accessories  rail lighting  recessed  semiflush mounts  swing arm lightswall lamps  table lamps  tables  track lighting  wall sconces  show more  finish color blacks  browns  clear  goldsyellows  greens  oranges  reds  silversgrays  stone  whites  wood tones  show more  finish type antiqued  burnished  crackle  distressed  matte  metallic  oilrubbed  painted  polished  textured  unfinished  show more  width       height       number of bulbs                                     show more  brand access  adesso  ambiance  avenue lighting  capital lighting  casablanca  craftmade  crystorama  currey  company  designers fountain  dolan designs  eglo  elk  et  fanimation  feiss  golden lighting  hinkley  hudson valley  hunter fan  john richard  justice design  kenroy lighting  kichler  lbl lighting  lighting new york  livex  maxim  minkalavery  modern forms  monte carlo fans  norwell  nuvo  plc lighting  progress  quoizel  quorum  savoy house  sea gull  sonneman  sterling  tech lighting  trans globe lighting  troy lighting  visual comfort  wac lighting  waterford crystal  zlite  show more  review rate                                                        special features energy star  dark sky  ada  title   professionals call  or apply online for trade discounts apply now       business hours lighting new york is standing by your side seven days a week lighting experts  m  f  am to midnight est sa  su  am to midnight est customer care  m  f am to pm est call now  shop best sellers page  of  results  visual comfort slhab e f chapman cabinet maker  watt  inch handrubbed antique brass picture light wall light          in stock free shipping  add to list visual comfort tobhabnp thomas obrien bryant  light  inch handrubbed antique brass decorative wall light          in stock free shipping  add to list visual comfort tobpnnpst thomas obrien bryant  light  inch polished nickel decorative wall light          in stock free shipping  add to list visual comfort slhabnp e f chapman classic  light  inch handrubbed antique brass chandelier ceiling light          in stock free shipping  add to list visual comfort chcab e f chapman mykonos  light  inch antiqueburnished brass chandelier ceiling light in antique burnished brass          in stock free shipping  add to list visual comfort tobpnnp thomas obrien vendome  light  inch polished nickel decorative wall light          in stock free shipping  add to list visual comfort ahnbfg alexa hampton basil  light  inch natural brass flush mount ceiling light in none          in stock free shipping  add to list kichler ob seaside  light  inch olde brick outdoor wall lantern          in stock free shipping  add to list visual comfort slhab e f chapman boston  inch  watt handrubbed antique brass task wall light          in stock free shipping  add to list visual comfort chcai e f chapman flemish  light  inch aged iron with wax chandelier ceiling light          in stock free shipping  add to list visual comfort slhab e f chapman cabinet maker  watt  inch handrubbed antique brass picture light wall light          in stock free shipping  add to list visual comfort chdpnnp e f chapman ruhlmann  light  inch polished nickel decorative wall light          in stock free shipping  add to list visual comfort tobannp thomas obrien bryant  light  inch antique nickel decorative wall light          in stock free shipping  add to list visual comfort spai j randall powers star  light  inch aged iron with wax foyer pendant ceiling light          in stock free shipping  add to list expert pick kichler oz brinley  light  inch olde bronze wall sconce wall light          in stock free shipping  add to list visual comfort tobhabnp thomas obrien vendome  light  inch handrubbed antique brass decorative wall light          in stock free shipping  add to list visual comfort tobpnnp thomas obrien reed  light  inch polished nickel decorative wall light          in stock free shipping  add to list quorum  salento  light  inch persian white pendant ceiling light          in stock free shipping  add to list kichler rz mcadams  light  inch rubbed bronze outdoor wall lantern          in stock free shipping  add to list expert pick crystorama eb solaris  light  inch english bronze chandelier ceiling light in english bronze eb          in stock free shipping  add to list expert pick quoizel nyk newbury  light  inch mystic black outdoor wall lantern in standard          in stock free shipping  add to list expert pick maxim ftoi arc  light  inch oil rubbed bronze outdoor wall mount          in stock free shipping  add to list save  livex  westover  light  inch black outdoor wall lantern          in stock free shipping   add to list kichler bkt hid high intensity discharge v  watt textured black landscape v accent          in stock free shipping  add to list kichler bk pier  post light accessories  inch black post          in stock free shipping  add to list expert pick elk  circeo  light  inch deep rust chandelier ceiling light          in stock free shipping  add to list kichler bk madison  light  inch black outdoor wall lantern          in stock free shipping  add to list visual comfort ahpnfg alexa hampton basil  light  inch polished nickel flush mount ceiling light in none          in stock free shipping  add to list expert pick hinkley cb plantation  light  inch copper bronze outdoor mini wall mount          in stock free shipping  add to list kichler ebk landscape v v  watt black landscape transformer in w          in stock free shipping  add to list « back      next » shop our catalog shop by roomshop by styleshop by brand ceiling lights wall lights outdoor lighting lamps home decor fans lighting accessories best sellerssales  clearance new for  customer care contact us location  directions orderingshipping our guarantee privacy policy return policy security promise pricing disclaimer  price match buy with affirm my account log in  sign up my orders  quotes my lists my addresses my product reviews about lny career opportunities customer reviews meet the family google connect with lny i want to receive design inspiration email exclusive previewssale alerts  offers   popular searches by popularity  our choices  recent additions  customer picks  title view topsellers by popularity  best sellers  recent additions  title  brand popular items by popularity  our choices  recent additions  customer picks  title view products by popularity  best sellers  recent additions  title  brand your vip code pcmvelm lighting new york   all rights reserved view our mobile site cookies are disabled to use our account and shopping cart experience your browser must allow session cookies javascript is disabled we recommend enabling javascript for the best possible experience yu fan decorative products in san clemente ca plans limited plus premium limitedmonitor your competitors data access data on us ocean freight imports from the last  months for all companies youll have access to data from the previous months from the date of your search we use a rolling date range so you can always look back  months from the current date limitedmonitor your competitors data access data on us ocean freight imports from the last  months for all companies access data on us ocean freight imports from the last  months for all companies youll have access to data from the previous months from the date of your search we use a rolling date range so you can always look back months from the current date plussmall  medium business data access data on us ocean freight imports from the last  months for all companies youll have access to data from the previous months from the date of your search we use a rolling date range so you can always look back months from the current date us ocean freight exports from january   to present for all companies premium empire builder data access data on us ocean freight imports from november  to the present for all companies youll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of us ocean freight imports going back to november  us ocean freight exports from january   to present for all companies limitedmonitor your competitors usage track the shipping activities of your  chosen companies our limited plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track  contact info requests per month our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to  companies in our database each month download csv and xls k records per month if youre planning to do more indepth research on the companies in our database you should upgrade to the plus or premium plans which allow more downloads email alerts for up to  searches if you need to track more than  companies product segments or trade lanes you should upgrade to the plus or premium plan which allow more email alerts limitedmonitor your competitors usage  company searches per day  searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry if youre looking to connect with sales leads or do more indepth research you should upgrade to the plus or premium plan which allows more searches  contact info requests per month our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to  companies in our database each month download csv and xls k records per month if youre planning to do more indepth research on the companies in our database you should upgrade to the plus or premium plan which allow more downloads email alerts for up to  company searches if you need to track more than  companies product segments or trade lanes you should upgrade to the plus or premium plan which allow more email alerts plus small  medium business usage  searches per day  searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry if youre looking to connect with sales leads or do more indepth research you should upgrade to the premium plan which allows more searches  contact info requests per month our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to  companies in our database each month download csv and xls k records per month if youre planning to do more indepth research on the companies in our database you should upgrade to the premium plan which allow more downloads email alerts for up to  searches if you need to track more than  companies product segments or trade lanes you should upgrade to the premium plan which allow more email alerts premium empire builder usage  searches per day    contact info requests per month our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to  companies in our database each month download csv and xls k records per month if youre planning to do more indepth research on the companies in our database contact the sales department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records email alerts for up to  searches plus small  medium business features visual mapping our visual mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any companys trade connections navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart premium empire builder features visual mapping our visual mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any companys trade connections navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart limited monitor your competitors support our customer service agents are available when you need them call in to receive helpful tips and training call or email our customer service agents they will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs plus small  medium business support our customer service agents are available when you need them call in to receive helpful tips and training call or email our customer service agents they will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs premium empire builder support our customer service agents are available when you need them call in to receive helpful tips and training call or email our customer service agents they will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs dedicated research assistant an experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hardtoreach data perform searches and compile reports on your behalf limited monitor your competitors data access data on us ocean freight imports from the last  months for all companies youll have access to data from the previous months from the date of your search we use a rolling date range so you can always look back  months from the current date x home how it works us data additional countries our datasets our clients ig reviews videos pictures presentation plans  pricing search contact us live chat free demo sign in join now english  french english  french get global shipment alerts for yu fan decorative products  month processing please wait  cardholders name tell us your full name credit card no enter a valid card no exp date  january  february  march  april  may  june  july  august  september  october  november  december           postal code  zip or postal code if not in the usa terms of service submit service   sales  live chat choose language english  french hi may i help you with something an importgeniuscom sales agent is available to answer your question chat live now no thanks sign up home how it works plans  pricing search contact us live chat  yu fan decorative products yu fan decorative products exports to rocket jewelry box inc through the port of long beach california call     import genius our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of yu fan decorative products and millions of other manufacturers learn more join now request a demo would you like to schedule a free demo wed love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business name email phone schedule a free demo play muted international trade starts with our data other companies in our database general electric capital corporatio dell products texas instruments center panasonic consumer electronics comp family dollar storesinc view sample shipment records shipment alert subscription contact this company sign up sample shipment record for yu fan decorative products yu fan decorative products exports to rocket jewelry box inc through the port of long beach california bill of lading manufacturer  shipper consignee yu fan decorative products factory box jin xia tong luo wei l u  changan town dong guan city guangdong province chn rocket jewelry box inc  a calle iglesia san clemente ca  usa not available notify party marks and numbers rocket jewelry box inc no marks no marks master bill of lading number container number mscuy medu medu product description better ring boxpend earring boxbracelet boxsinglering boxdouble ring boxrg ear pend box better ring boxpend earring boxbracelet boxsinglering boxdouble ring boxrg ear pend box bill of ladinggfcdspgs arrival dateweight lbweight kgunitscmquantity ctncontainer countcbmvoyage norport of loadingyantianport of dischargelong beach californiavessel namemsc pamelacarrier codegfcdcountry of originchinaplace of receiptyantian subscribe to access the complete shipping history for yu fan decorative products join now how will your business use our trade data if youre involved in international trade our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business find trading partners you can trust monitor competitors shipping activities connect with sales prospects very informative and great site and so quick pretty slick betty fatzie president lab products inc the service was great with a reasonable price and great results we have now started using another supplier from china we just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the importgeniuscom service on the first container load cleve kurz gifford monument works import genius is not merely an investment for our organization it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time it has afforded us the ability to quickly segment target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients thank you import genius david bryant director of business development john s james co import genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in china sanjay dastoor boostedboardscom we have confidence that were working with the best manufacturers in part because import genius showed us that they already supply some of the worlds top brands yaniv masjedi vice president nextivacom import genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies operating activities it is an invaluable part of our research eric delamarter managing partner half moon capital we find new clients for our customs brokerage in the importgenius database almost every day jayson gispan customs brokerage operations manager flexportcom importgenius is a great research tool we use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality most reliable suppliers chris friedland founder  ceo buildcom importgenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in china morena simitic coo bellabeatcom shipment alert subscription get email alerts when yu fan decorative products has new shipments processing please wait  submit contact yu fan decorative products name business email phone submit processing please wait    features save and share reports easily get your searches out of import genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis export your findings to xls or csv or send reports via email it’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you see the supply chain visual mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to or search by consignee and see all their suppliers zoom in on any company to see their own trading network dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain get realtime shipment alerts stay on top of your competitors suppliers and customers with realtime alerts just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms import genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner yu fan decorative products youve viewed  profile pages on import genius which is the most we allow for free sign up for importgenius to get more details on over  million importers and exporters it only takes seconds sign up for import genius plans limited monitor your competitors recommended plan plus small  medium business premium empire builder price    month for  months sign up    month for  months sign up    month for  months sign up data access data on us ocean freight imports from the last  months for all companies view details access data on us ocean freight imports from the last  months for all companies us ocean freight exports from january   to present for all companies view details access data on us ocean freight imports from november  to the present for all companies us ocean freight exports from january   to present for all companies view details usage track the shipping activities of your  chosen companies  contact info requests per month download csv and xls k records per month email alerts for up to  searches view details  searches per day  contact info requests per month download csv and xls k records per month email alerts for up to  searches view details  searches per day  contact info requests per month download csv and xls k records per month email alerts for up to  searches view details features   visual mapping view details visual mapping view details support our customer service agents are available when you need them call in to receive helpful tips and training view details our customer service agents are available when you need them call in to receive helpful tips and training view details our customer service agents are available when you need them call in to receive helpful tips and training dedicated research assistant view details view all us imports instantly search  ocean freight records to monitor us importers research suppliers generate sales leads and more as featured in what is import genius who uses import genius available data fields what is import genius import genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world we give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors using shipping databases from customs agencies in the united states latin america and india import genius can help you find reliable new trading partners monitor your competitors’ shipments and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers our team of seasoned importexport veterans cuttingedge software developers and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the worlds most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence we do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade our customers include some of the worlds top importers exporters freight forwarders logistics companies manufacturers investment banks financial analysts intellectual property attorneys and more they use our tools to research the trade activity of importers and suppliers identify and vet new sources for any kind of product monitor the competition and their trade connections generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies track the activity of publiclytraded companies investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement ensure exclusive agent compliance who uses import genius sourcing professionals use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers we provide access to detailed customs records letting you verify suppliers true shipping volumes and us customer lists you can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods  learn more competitive intelligence analysts use our service to learn where rivals source products we give clear insights into the importing volumes new product releases and broader competitive dynamics of your industry  learn more sales  marketing teams use our service to generate sales prospects we give you the tools to target importers based on product type location shipping volumes and more  learn more financial analysts use our service to monitor public companies imports we offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry  learn more available data fields import genius data fields by collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all us imports in our database import genius provides unprecedented access to near realtime information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country for each shipment entering the us by ocean we provide access to the following information additional fields available for some shipments phone number fax number email contact person list of data fields consigneethe company importing the shipment into the usconsignee addressthe address of the company importing the shipment into the usshipperthe overseas company exporting the shipment to the usshipper addressthe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the usproduct descriptionthe exporters description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestgross weightthe gross weight of the shipment excluding the weight of the actual container this can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporternumber of unitsthe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspectionvolumethe volume of the shipment generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements cbmarrival datethe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the usforeign portthe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the uscountry of originthe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the usus portthe us port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the uscarrier codethe four digit standard carrier alpha code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentvoyage numbera unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsvessel namethe name of the ship transporting the shipmentship registered inthe country where the ship is officially registeredbill of lading numberthe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwardercontainer numberthe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionmarks  numbersany text or numbers appearing on the cartons import genius how it works plans  pricing our trade data blog search latin trade data import genius reviews  press coverage who uses import genius contact us latest posts trump properties have… india us palm oil imports… chilean salmon exports… limited plan now available solar panels imports… company profiles fiberlinks texitiles inc lariplastic llc csteinweg chemicals logistics  sh magna exteriors decostar partners in publishing llc    records in our database and counting customer support team tel  international   fax   infoimportgeniuscom  e pima center pkwy suite  scottsdale az  shanghai china tel  mobile no  fax number  shenzhen china tel  mob  fax  have questions well reply quickly type your info below message submit processing please wait    trainings demos and general contact all available or call us service  sales  back to top all rights reserved copyright   trade data services inc  were offline please leave us a message to chat with a representative of import genius your browser needs to be internet explorer  or higher please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible name email phone message send x