COLON Stock Price & News - C M Holdings PLC - Barron'sAsiaU.S.SubscribeSubscribeLog InSee All CompaniesSearchC M Holdings PLCCOLONSri Lanka: ColomboAdd to WatchlistQuoteQuoteCompany & PeopleFinancialsResearch & RatingsAdvanced ChartMarket Closedරු.75.30-0.10  (-0.133%)Jul 26, 2017 ISTComprehensive quote12.36%Current Vol65 Day Avg3002.4KPrevious Closeරු.75.40Openරු.75.30Day Rangeරු.75.30 - රු.75.3052 Wk Rangeරු.69.00 - රු.104.00Market Valueරු.1.1BYtd net Change-11.6%1 Yr net Change-17.3%Div & Yieldරු.6.00  (7.97%) Compare Day Low 75.3075.30 Day HighOpen 75.30Close 75.30Feedback on our new quotes?EMAIL USKey Stock DataShares Outstanding15.2MLatest Dividendරු.6.00 (Oct 10, 2016)Ex-Dividend DateSep 30, 2016Revenue Per Employeeරු.21,698,200See Company FinancialsSee Company RatingsProfileCM Holdings Plc engages in the provision of investment and property development. It operates through the following segments:...See Company OverviewKey ExecutivesAlagarajah RajaratnamChairmanSanjeev RajaratnamNon-Executive DirectorSri Dhaman Rajendram ArudpragasamDeputy ChairmanAnushman RajaratnamNon-Executive DirectorJayanta Mootatamby SwaminathanIndependent Non-Executive DirectorCompetitors (COLON)Symbol% ChgMarket CapUMLN-1.003%රු.8BAGHC-9.302%د.ك.‏13.5M7509-1.615%¥5.6B33520.793%¥1.9BMore information on COLONCompetitor Data Provided By:capital cubeNOTES & DATA PROVIDERS NOTES & DATA PROVIDERS×Real-time U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only.International stock quotes are delayed as per exchange requirements. Indexes may be real-time or delayed; refer to time stamps on index quote pages for information on delay times.Quote data, except U.S. stocks, provided by SIX Financial Information.Data is provided "as is" for informational purposes only and is not intended for trading purposes. SIX Financial Information (a) does not make any express or implied warranties of any kind regarding the data, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use; and (b) shall not be liable for any errors, incompleteness, interruption or delay, action taken in reliance on any data, or for any damages resulting therefrom. Data may be intentionally delayed pursuant to supplier requirements.All of the mutual fund and ETF information contained in this display was supplied by Lipper, A Thomson Reuters Company, subject to the following: Copyright 2017 © Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Any copying, republication or redistribution of Lipper content, including by caching, framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Lipper. Lipper shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Bond quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullett Prebon. Currency quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullet Prebon.Fundamental company data and analyst estimates provided by FactSet. Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved.







C M Holdings PLC, COLO.N0000:CSE financials - FT.com


















Subscribe


Sign In








Menu


Search




Financial Times




myFT










Search the FT


					Search
				






Search the FT


					Search
				

Close









MarketsMarkets DataEquities







Financial TimesCloseSearch theFTSearch

Equities


C M Holdings PLCCOLO.N0000:CSESelect symbolSri LankaCOLO.N0000:CSEColombo Stock ExchangeC M Holdings PLCActionsAdd to watchlistAdd to portfolioAdd an alertConsumer ServicesGeneral RetailersPrice (LKR)76.00Today's Change0.70 / 0.93%Shares traded531.001 Year change-16.58%Beta1.9476Data delayed at least 15 minutes, as of Jul 28 2017 08:07 BST.More ▼ApplyCancelActionsAdd to Your WatchlistsNew watchlistNameCancelAddAdd to Your PortfolioNew portfolioNameCurrencySelect a currencyUK Pound (GBP)Argentinian Nuevo Peso (ARS)Australian Dollar (AUD)Bahraini Dinar (BHD)Brunei Dollar (BND)Brazilian Real (BRL)Canadian Dollar (CAD)Chilean Peso (CLP)Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY)Czech Koruna (CZK)Danish Krone (DKK)Egyptian Pound (EGP)Euro (EUR)Fiji Dollar (FJD)Hong Kong Dollar (HKD)Hungarian Forint (HUF)Israeli Shekel (ILS)Indian Rupee (INR)Indonesian Rupiah (IDR)Japanese Yen (JPY)Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD)Sri Lankan Rupee (LKR)Moroccan Dirham (MAD)Malaysian Ringgit (MYR)Mexican New Peso (MXN)New Zealand Dollar (NZD)Norwegian Krone (NOK)Omani Rial (OMR)Peruvian New Sol (PEN)Papua New Guinean Kina (PGK)Philippine Peso (PHP)Pakistani Rupee (PKR)Polish New Zloty (PLN)Russian Ruble (RUB)Saudi Riyal (SAR)Solomon Islands Dollar (SBD)Seychelles Rupee (SCR)Singapore Dollar (SGD)South African Rand (ZAR)Republic of Korean Won (KRW)Swedish Krona (SEK)Swiss Franc (CHF)Tongan Pa'anga (TOP)Taiwan Dollar (TWD)Thai Baht (THB)Turkish Lira (TRY)UAE Dirham (AED)Vietnamese Dong (VND)Vanuatu Vatu (VUV)Samoan Tala (WST)French Pacific Franc (XPF)US Dollar (USD)Ghana Cedi (GHS)Nigeria Naira (NGN)Ukraine Hryvnia (UAH)Kenya Shilling (KES)CancelContinueYour alertsDoneYou must be a registered user to save alerts.  Please sign in or register.





Financials data is unavailable for this security.Inc stmt in LKRIncome statement in LKRView moreYear on year C M Holdings PLC had net income fall 53.24% from a loss of 98.42m to a larger loss of 150.82m despite a 129.35% increase in revenues from 1.92bn to 4.40bn. An increase in the cost of goods sold as a percentage of sales from 74.72% to 87.64% was a component in the falling net income despite rising revenues.RevenueGross margin12.36%Net profit margin-3.63%Operating margin-1.46%Net IncomeReturn on assets-3.14%Return on equity-4.34%Return on investment-4.41%More ▼Cash flow in LKRView moreIn 2017, C M Holdings PLC increased its cash reserves by 50.67%, or 58.31m. The company earned 605.01m from its operations for a Cash Flow Margin of 13.74%. In addition the company used 227.25m on investing activities and also paid 319.46m in financing cash flows.Cash FlowCash flow per share-5.76Price/Cash flow per share--CashBook value per share221.18Tangible book value per share220.36More ▼Balance sheet in LKRView moreC M Holdings PLC has a Debt to Total Capital ratio of 19.18%, a higher figure than the previous year's 2.96%.Total AssetsCurrent ratio2.18Quick ratio1.36Total DebtTotal debt/total equity0.2627Total debt/total capital0.1918More ▼Growth rates in LKRYear on year, growth in earnings per share excluding extraordinary items dropped -53.24%.Dividends Per ShareDiv yield(5 year avg)3.82%Div growth rate (5 year)--Payout ratio (TTM)--Earnings Per ShareEPS growth(5 years)--EPS (TTM) vs  TTM 1 year ago-53.24More ▼ 
FT Lexicon{0}{0}{2}{0}{0}{2}For more information, visit the FT LexiconLexicon on this pageExplore our toolsAlertsData archivePortfolioWorld marketsEquities screenerFunds overview



 © Thomson Reuters Click for restrictions
All markets data located on FT.com is subject to the FT Terms & ConditionsAll content on FT.com is for your general information and use only and is not intended to address your particular requirements. In particular, the content does not constitute any form of advice, recommendation, representation, endorsement or arrangement by FT and is not intended to be relied upon by users in making (or refraining from making) any specific investment or other decisions.Any information that you receive via FT.com is at best delayed intraday data and not "real time". Share price information may be rounded up/down and therefore not entirely accurate. FT is not responsible for any use of content by you outside its scope as stated in the FT Terms & Conditions.







					Welcome to the FT.com Markets Data
				

					We’re constantly improving and would like to hear from you.
				


Provide Feedback

















 



        C M Holdings PLC (COLO.N0000 ) Profile - MOTORS - Colombo Stock Exchange










































Colombo Stock Exchange

Close


					Current Exchange
Colombo Stock Exchange
LKCSE





Market time










Black


White






Home


Market


Companies


News


Mutual Funds


Analysis Tools


My Tools


Tell Me How


Take a Break





                    Login

                        Sign Up




            Most Actives

            Fair Values

            IPO Watch

            Earnings Announcements

            Today's Traded Stocks 

            Corporate Actions

            Company Search













                                    C M Holdings PLC (COLO.N0000 )

                                     Profile - MOTORS - Colombo Stock Exchange



Set Alert
Add to Watch List




                    Stock



                    Corporate Actions



                    Earnings



                    Fair Values



                    Fin .Statement



                    Profile



                    Announcements



                    News



                    Fin. Ratios



                    Reports






76.00


0.70
        	
        	
        	
        
    


              
            






    



























	





	
		
			
		

		
			
		

		
			
		
	
	




	


    




    
    
        
        	
        		0.93%







        	Pre Close


            High

            Low

            High

            52 Week

            Low



            Volume  
            
531



        	75.30

    		76.90

    		76.00




    		    104.00

    		    69.00






            Open  
            76.90








Open: 76.90











Open: 76.90







Close

            Last Update: 
            
                28 July 12:37 PM 





Profile





Basic Information




Company Name



							C M Holdings PLC









Company Purpose
Automobile Engineers,Importers and Retailers of Vehicles, Motor spares & accessories.


Establishing Date
01 April 1909


Financial Year Start
Second Quarter


Auditor


Pricewaterhouse Coopers




Owners (Voting)






Subsidiaries













Management members





Rajaratnam A.


                        Chairman



Ratnayake M.


                        Managing Director



Arudpragasam S.D.R. 


                        Board Members



Swaminathan J.M. 


                        Board Members



Jayaratne A M de S 


                        Board Members



Rajaratnam S. 


                        Board Members



Ratnayake M. 


                        Board Members






Contacts




Address
297, Union Place, Colombo 2


Telephone
011 2323342 - 44


Fax
011-2438424


Web Site



Email address
col@eureka.lk






Updated Co. contact info





COLONIAL MOTORS PLC
297, Union Place, Colombo 2
Branch phone: 011 2323342 - 44
Branch Fax: 011-2438424








Stocks in Focus


Watch List
Quotes





Features for Registered Users 



E-mail Alerts
Daily Newsletter
Your Watchlist
Advanced Tools
and
Many more





Will automatically display the last quotes you have visited here.































































            All Rights Reserved - DUInvest © 2014


 



			Data delayed 5 minutes

All Rights Reserved - DUInvest © 2014











Disclaimer |
            Contact Us  |
            Advertise With Us |
            Terms of Use

Privacy Policy   |
            Analysis Tools |
			Site Map







 






 



                            Login



	                            Sign Up




Quotes






                            Data is loading...




Watch List






                            Data is loading...




Alerts






                            Data is loading...









Login




                        Email address




                        Password




Remember me
Login




Reset password



                Do You have an Account ? ,
                
                    Click here to create a new account




Your Opinion Matters
What do you think about the new Website?




                        Name:
                    




                        Email:
                    




                         Comments:
                    




Send Now


















C M Holdings PLC, COLO.N0000:CSE profile - FT.com


















Subscribe


Sign In








Menu


Search




Financial Times




myFT










Search the FT


					Search
				






Search the FT


					Search
				

Close









MarketsMarkets DataEquities







Financial TimesCloseSearch theFTSearch

Equities


C M Holdings PLCCOLO.N0000:CSESelect symbolSri LankaCOLO.N0000:CSEColombo Stock ExchangeC M Holdings PLCActionsAdd to watchlistAdd to portfolioAdd an alertConsumer ServicesGeneral RetailersPrice (LKR)76.00Today's Change0.70 / 0.93%Shares traded531.001 Year change-16.58%Beta1.9476Data delayed at least 15 minutes, as of Jul 28 2017 08:07 BST.More ▼ApplyCancelActionsAdd to Your WatchlistsNew watchlistNameCancelAddAdd to Your PortfolioNew portfolioNameCurrencySelect a currencyUK Pound (GBP)Argentinian Nuevo Peso (ARS)Australian Dollar (AUD)Bahraini Dinar (BHD)Brunei Dollar (BND)Brazilian Real (BRL)Canadian Dollar (CAD)Chilean Peso (CLP)Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY)Czech Koruna (CZK)Danish Krone (DKK)Egyptian Pound (EGP)Euro (EUR)Fiji Dollar (FJD)Hong Kong Dollar (HKD)Hungarian Forint (HUF)Israeli Shekel (ILS)Indian Rupee (INR)Indonesian Rupiah (IDR)Japanese Yen (JPY)Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD)Sri Lankan Rupee (LKR)Moroccan Dirham (MAD)Malaysian Ringgit (MYR)Mexican New Peso (MXN)New Zealand Dollar (NZD)Norwegian Krone (NOK)Omani Rial (OMR)Peruvian New Sol (PEN)Papua New Guinean Kina (PGK)Philippine Peso (PHP)Pakistani Rupee (PKR)Polish New Zloty (PLN)Russian Ruble (RUB)Saudi Riyal (SAR)Solomon Islands Dollar (SBD)Seychelles Rupee (SCR)Singapore Dollar (SGD)South African Rand (ZAR)Republic of Korean Won (KRW)Swedish Krona (SEK)Swiss Franc (CHF)Tongan Pa'anga (TOP)Taiwan Dollar (TWD)Thai Baht (THB)Turkish Lira (TRY)UAE Dirham (AED)Vietnamese Dong (VND)Vanuatu Vatu (VUV)Samoan Tala (WST)French Pacific Franc (XPF)US Dollar (USD)Ghana Cedi (GHS)Nigeria Naira (NGN)Ukraine Hryvnia (UAH)Kenya Shilling (KES)CancelContinueYour alertsDoneYou must be a registered user to save alerts.  Please sign in or register.





Profile data is unavailable for this security.About the companyC M Holdings PLC is an investment holding company. The Company is engaged in property development. The Company operates in three segments: Motor vehicle sales, Repair & maintenance services, and Investment & property holding. The Motor vehicle sales segment is engaged in the sale of motor vehicles. The Repair & maintenance services segment is engaged in providing motor vehicle repair and maintenance services, including sale of spare parts. The Investment & property holding segment is engaged in investment and property holding. The Company, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in repairs and servicing of motor vehicles; asset management, funds and portfolio management and the management of all types of trusts, and import and sale of motor vehicles and spare parts and providing vehicle maintenance services. Its subsidiaries include Carplan Limited, Union Investments (Private) Limited, KIA Motors (Lanka) Limited, Guardian Asset Management Limited and Colonial Motors (Ceylon) Limited.Revenue in LKR (TTM)4.40bnNet income in LKR-150.82mIncorporated1909Employees203.00LocationC M Holdings PLCNo. 297, Union Place, Colombo 02COLOMBO 02Sri LankaLKAPhone+94  112323342Fax+94  112438424More ▼Peer analysisKey InformationKey InformationStock PerformancePer Share DataEfficiencyManagement EffectivenessProfitabilityFinancial StrengthGrowth RatesCompanyRevenue (TTM)Net income (TTM)Market capEmployeesPrice/earnings (TTM)Price/book value (MRQ)Price/cash flow (TTM)Price/sales (TTM)EPS (excl. extraordinary items, TTM)EPS (incl. extraordinary items, TTM)Revenue per share (TTM)Book value per share (MRQ)Asset turnover (TTM)Inventory turnover (TTM)Receivables turnover (TTM)Revenues per employee (TTM)Return on avg assets (TTM)Return on avg assets (5 yr avg)Return on investment (TTM)Return on investment (5 yr avg)Gross margin (TTM)Gross margin(5 yr avg)Net profit margin (TTM)Net Profit margin(5 yr avg)Quick ratio (MRQ)Interest coverage (TTM)Total debt to capital (MRQ)Payout ratio(5 yr avg)Revenue(YOY change %)Revenue(5 yr growth rate)Net income(YOY change %)Net income(5 yr growth rate)Capital expenditure(5 yr growth rate)Dividend(5 yr growth rate)C M Holdings PLC4.40bn-150.82m1.14bn203.00--0.3405--0.2599-9.92-9.92289.78221.180.86273.5910.98---3.142.00-4.412.6412.3621.49-3.635.331.36-0.74880.1918--129.352.08-53.24--49.79--Sathosa Motors PLC5.23bn273.16m1.81bn239.006.631.21--0.346145.2745.27866.87247.261.472.827.57--6.7511.2814.4922.3617.6322.144.597.340.37495.170.295823.7429.1922.67-14.939.56--31.95Diesel & Motor Engineering Company Ltd44.27bn656.79m4.88bn1.73k7.430.48034.820.110373.9973.994,987.571,145.162.054.4610.8625,664,830.003.053.535.505.8516.7117.441.481.930.50582.610.451926.5118.042.28-30.62-24.64-4.75-9.71Data as of Jul 28 2017. Currency figures normalised to C M Holdings PLC's reporting currency: Sri Lankan Rupee LKR 
Income statement (LKR)Year on year C M Holdings PLC had net income fall 53.24% from a loss of 98.42m to a larger loss of 150.82m despite a 129.35% increase in revenues from 1.92bn to 4.40bn. An increase in the cost of goods sold as a percentage of sales from 74.72% to 87.64% was a component in the falling net income despite rising revenues.FT Lexicon{0}{0}{2}{0}{0}{2}For more information, visit the FT LexiconLexicon on this pageExplore our toolsAlertsData archivePortfolioWorld marketsEquities screenerFunds overview



 © Thomson Reuters Click for restrictions
All markets data located on FT.com is subject to the FT Terms & ConditionsAll content on FT.com is for your general information and use only and is not intended to address your particular requirements. In particular, the content does not constitute any form of advice, recommendation, representation, endorsement or arrangement by FT and is not intended to be relied upon by users in making (or refraining from making) any specific investment or other decisions.Any information that you receive via FT.com is at best delayed intraday data and not "real time". Share price information may be rounded up/down and therefore not entirely accurate. FT is not responsible for any use of content by you outside its scope as stated in the FT Terms & Conditions.







					Welcome to the FT.com Markets Data
				

					We’re constantly improving and would like to hear from you.
				


Provide Feedback

















 




Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-刊登關鍵字廣告

















 


Yahoo!奇摩首頁
        | 登入Bing
        | 登入YAM


 




Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-最新優惠

Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-原生廣告專區

原生廣告介紹
常見問題
經銷商招募


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-什麼是關鍵字廣告
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-廣告版位
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-如何計費
Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-常見問題


Yahoo!奇摩關鍵字廣告-成功案例



 



 













超值關鍵字行銷方案
（連續60天曝光，每日預算500元）
免費享有：

帳戶顧問專業建議
專業文案編輯3次(價值6千元)
安裝成效追蹤碼
最新優惠訊息






入門方案
（30天曝光，每日預算800元）
免費享有：

新手優化手冊
專業文案編輯1次





 - 





點此查看網站規範

立即完成註冊
































經銷商專區 | 
隱私權政策  | 

廣告客戶服務條款  | 
廣告規範 

雅虎數位行銷 版權所有 © 2017 Yahoo Digital Marketing. All Rights Reserved.





















Home – ARM





























































Skip to Main Content
Skip to Footer


        ﻿Sorry, your browser is not supported. We recommend upgrading your browser.






Search


















Search














The future of AI from edge to cloud – new cores for new AI experiences.        














A Connected World of Opportunity
Transforming experiences, products and businesses













Company
ARM-based chips are shaping the smart connected world, with nearly 15 billion shipped last year alone. There’s probably a chip in at least one device within your reach right now.

More about ARM 







Careers
Play your part in shaping the extraordinary. A career at ARM surrounds you with the world’s best. From students to seasoned veterans, there’s a place at ARM for you.

Your Career at ARM 







Innovation Hub
Discover information and insights on the latest electronic devices designed by the ARM partner ecosystem.

Explore the Innovation Hub 







ARM Developer
Explore our resources for developers, including the ARM architecture, processors, graphics and system IP, software tools and embedded design support. 

Learn at ARM Developer 









 
 
New cores for new AI experiences 
New Cortex-A CPUs and Mali GPU
The future of AI from edge to cloud
Read more >

 
 






Looking for differentiation? Try a custom chip with ARM
Custom system-on-chips (SoCs) integrate a processor with analog functionality, creating smaller, lower cost and lower power chips than discrete alternatives. ARM provides the fastest path to custom silicon success – free access to proven, industry-leading IP and a wealth of trusted services.
Learn more about ARM’s solutions for custom SoC development






Creating a connected world of opportunity
Innovation through partnership, enabling compute to happen anywhere
ARM is at the heart of the world’s most advanced digital products, providing a secure and energy-efficient processing foundation for electronic devices. These devices enable opportunities for people and businesses to strengthen engagements, move faster and with greater ease. We work with a diverse ecosystem of partners to build shared success across sectors and geographies, fostering continuous innovation in all areas where compute is possible.Our partners have shipped more than 100 billion ARM-based silicon chips in devices to date, reaching more than 80% of the global population to help shape the world in which we live.







 




AI today, AI tomorrow
What do consumers really think about artificial intelligence?
Discover surprising insights into what AI means to people, how they expect AI to affect their lives in this survey report by Northstar Research Partners.
Learn more >



 
 






Building new experiences and opportunities across markets
Transforming products and businesses





Automotive





Healthcare





Infrastructure





Internet of Things





Mobile





Smart Homes





Wearables










 ARM at a Glance















Over 1,400
Cumulative licenses signed
ARM develops and licenses technology that is at the heart of many digital devices, from sensors to smartphones and servers. Every licence signed represents the opportunity for future royalty streams, which can extend to over 25 years.









16.7 billion
ARM-based chips
ARM’s partners shipped 16.7 billion ARM-based chips in 2016. These smart chips help make consumer electronics easier to use and more immersive, and enterprise equipment more capable and energy-efficient.









50%
ARMv8 in smartphones
Today, ARM-based application processors can be found in about 85% of the world's mobile devices, including smartphones, tablets and laptops. Over 50% of smartphones shipping today contain processors that implement the latest ARMv8-A architecture.









4,500
Patents owned or pending
ARM filed 242 patents in 2015, taking the total number of owned or pending patents to more than 4,500.











Cambridge, UK

110 Fulbourn Road
Cambridge
GB-CB1-9NJ

Tel: +44 (0)1223 400400
Fax: +44 (0)1223 400410



















Important Information for the ARM website. This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. By continuing to use our site, you consent to our cookies. If you are not happy with the use of these cookies, please review our Cookie Policy to learn how they can be disabled. By disabling cookies, some features of the site will not work.



Accept and hide this message  






















變頻器,PLC控制器,安川代理商,國際牌代理商,視覺對位系統,歐姆龍控制器


































繁體中文 │  English










可程式控制器的人機介面



公司簡介  服務項目 產品介紹公司位置 聯絡我們





鑫弘展企業有限公司屬於自動化電機電子類產品的貿易商，提供國內外客戶所需各項產品外，更引進國外先進技術，協助客戶系統的規劃、諮詢、技術的支援及問題的克服，而不是單純的買賣業，而自動化是世界的趨勢，需結合電子、電機、資訊、網路、機械......等等領域，運用各種最先進技術，來達成客戶的需求，而且為了增加客戶的需求，還附屬室內裝潢業的導入來跟進世界的趨勢讓生活有更高的品質，如智慧型住宅、節能減碳、太陽能......等等，可以讓顧客一次購足別再尋找其他商品的時間，除此之外，本公司朝向經營多元化、產業多角化、系統整合方案、商品多樣化的目標來發展，來提供客戶最好的服務。







專業的貿易商滿足您的所有需求



聯絡電話:02-2848-3135    傳真:02-2848-8271    聯絡地址:24743新北市蘆洲區民族路506號5樓
        Copyright    ©    2013 變頻器-鑫弘展企業有限公司. All Rights Reserved. Design by web5000 網頁設計.


Sitemap 三菱代理商 歐姆龍代理商





     COLON.LK Company Profile & Executives - C M Holdings PLC - Wall Street Journal                                     DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY         News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services.  DOW JONES  Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch   Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video    NEWS CORP  Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA   realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times              DJIA Futures ▲  21701 -0.19%        S&P 500 F ▲  2463.00 -0.36%        Stoxx 600 ▲  378.04 -1.12%        U.S. 10 Yr ▲  -2/32 yield 2.32%        Crude Oil ▲  49.07 0.06%        Euro ▲  1.1712 0.31%                 Subscribe Now Sign In      The Wall Street Journal     Asia Edition  U.S. Asia Europe India 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan)    28 July 2017   Today's Paper     Sections    My Journal       Home   World   U.S.   Politics   Economy   Business   Tech   Markets   Opinion   Arts   Life   Real Estate   Today's Paper   SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS     World Home   Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East   Economy   World Video     U.S. Home   Economy Law New York Politics   Real Time Economics Washington Wire   Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast     Politics Home   Washington Wire   Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll     Economy Home   Real Time Economics   Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video     Business Home   Management Tech/WSJ.D   Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail   CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance   Heard on the Street   Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast     Tech Home   CIO Journal   Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan   Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader     Markets Home   Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money   Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape   CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast     Opinion Home   James Freeman William A. Galston Daniel Henninger Holman W. Jenkins William McGurn Peggy Noonan Mary Anastasia O'Grady Jason Riley Kimberley A. Strassel   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series Music Dance Opera Exhibition Cultural Commentary   Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor The Weekend Interview Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Opinion Video Notable & Quotable Best of the Web Newsletter Morning Editorial Report Newsletter     Arts Home   Books Film Television Theater Art Masterpiece Series   Arts Video WSJ. Magazine     Life Home   Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel   Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles The Future of Everything     Real Estate Home   Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion   Real Estate Video      HIDE ALL SECTIONS      Aim higher, reach further.  Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now   Sign In   Reveal Navigation Options    Subscribe Sign In              C M Holdings PLC COLON (Sri Lanka: Colombo)      search    View All companies            12:00 AM IST 07/26/17      75.30 LKR     -0.10 -0.13%     Volume 300       Volume 300     65 Day Avg Vol 2,427     1 Day Range 75.30 - 75.30     52 Week Range 69.00 - 104.00 (03/16/17 - 08/22/16)          1 D 5 D 1 M 3 M YTD 1 Y 3 Y    $ %            Advanced Charting Compare     Compare to Benchmark:   DJIA   S&P 500   GLOBAL DOW   NASDAQ   Retail/Wholesale      Compare to    Add          Open  75.30   Prior Close  75.40 (07/26/17)     1 Day    COLON -0.13%     DJIA 0.39%     S&P Mid Cap 400 -0.32%     Retail/Wholesale 0.00%                             Overview Profile Key People     Overview Profile Financials Income Statement Balance Sheet Cash Flow Research & Ratings Historical Prices Options Advanced Charting              Jayanta Mootatamby Swaminathan, 75 Independent Non-Executive Director, CM Holdings Plc Dr. Jayanta M. Swaminathan is Member-Legal Cluster at National Council for Economic Development. He is on the Board of Directors at Browns Investments Plc, Renuka Holdings Plc, LOLC Insurance Co. Ltd., Acme Printing & Packaging Plc, Riverina Hotels Ltd., Eden Hotel Lanka Plc, Palm Garden Hotels Plc, Colombo Fort Investments Plc, Colombo Investment Trust Plc, Carplan Ltd., CM Holdings Plc, Lanka Aluminium Industries Plc, Acme Aluminium Industries Pte Ltd., Acme Packaging Solutions Pvt Ltd., ACME Solutions Pvt Ltd., Cast Alloys, Inc., Classic Teas (Pvt) Ltd., Colonial Motors (Ceylon) Ltd., Comark Engineers (Pvt) Ltd., Comark Lanka Pvt Ltd., Faculty of Law of The University of Colombo, KIA Motors (Lanka) Ltd., Metecno Lanka Pvt Ltd., Union Investments Ltd. and Serendib Land Plc. Dr. Swaminathan was previously employed as Independent Non-Executive Director by Hapugastenne Plantations Ltd., Independent Non-Executive Director by Udapussellawa Plantations Plc, Partner by Julius & Creasy, a Member by Council of Legal Education (Sri Lanka), a Member by Law Commission of Sri Lanka, and Independent Non-Executive Director by Shaw Wallace & Hedges PLC. He also served on the board at Asia Capital Plc and LOLC Finance Plc. He received his graduate degree from the University of Colombo and a graduate degree from Sri Lanka Law College.          News C M Holdings PLCCOLON  No news for COLON in the past two years.           All Company Executives C M Holdings PLC       Alagarajah Rajaratnam, 70 Chairman     Sanjeev Rajaratnam, 37 Non-Executive Director     Sri Dhaman Rajendram Arudpragasam, 64 Deputy Chairman     Anushman Rajaratnam, 74 Non-Executive Director     Jayanta Mootatamby Swaminathan, 75 Independent Non-Executive Director     Deshabandu Ajit Mahendra de Silva Jayaratne, 76 Independent Non-Executive Director      expand          Advertisement                 Notes & Data Providers   Real-time U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. International stock quotes are delayed as per exchange requirements. Indexes may be real-time or delayed; refer to time stamps on index quote pages for information on delay times. Quote data, except U.S. stocks, provided by SIX Financial Information. Data is provided "as is" for informational purposes only and is not intended for trading purposes. SIX Financial Information (a) does not make any express or implied warranties of any kind regarding the data, including, without limitation, any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use; and (b) shall not be liable for any errors, incompleteness, interruption or delay, action taken in reliance on any data, or for any damages resulting therefrom. Data may be intentionally delayed pursuant to supplier requirements.  All of the mutual fund and ETF information contained in this display was supplied by Lipper, A Thomson Reuters Company, subject to the following: Copyright  © Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Any copying, republication or redistribution of Lipper content, including by caching, framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Lipper. Lipper shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Bond quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullett Prebon. Currency quotes are updated in real-time. Source: Tullet Prebon. Fundamental company data and analyst estimates provided by FactSet. Copyright  FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved.        Advertisement                 








C M Holdings Plc Company Profile | EMIS










 


















Close



Menu







Search




$0.00 (0)
Basket



Basket


 

 




 
 



Total


USD
$0.00


 

View basket
Checkout now
 

 






Industry Reports
Company Reports
M&A Reports



                                 
                            













 


 
 


















Home  Company reports search  C M Holdings Plc     







 


 Sri Lanka                
C M Holdings Plc
An EMIS Company Report
EMIS is a Euromoney Institutional Investor plc company
USD 29.95

Industry: Motor Vehicle and Parts Dealers
Available in: English
Format: PDF Download
Most recent financial data: 2016

Buy full report
 
 
 
 




What’s included?
This report extracts all available information about this company from EMIS' database of company information. The Table of Contents on the right indicates the categories of information that will be included in your report upon purchase.
Download a sample report






 


Company Tear Sheet                    
                        (locked content will be provided in the purchased report)
                    


Contact Information                    





Legal Address
                                297,Union Place                                
                                Colombo;                                Western Province;                                Map 
                                                                    Postal Code: 2                                                            

Tel: +94-011232
Fax: +94-011243




Email:
@eureka.lk                            


 

Company Description                    




                        C M Holdings Plc distributes motor vehicle and spare parts in Sri Lanka. The company was incorporated in 1909 and is based in Colobo.                    


NAICS Industry Classification                    


Basic Information                    


Key Executives                    


Ownership Details                    


Key Financial Highlights                    


Financial Performance Charts                    


Top Competitors                    

 

Financial Statements

Annual Statements                    


Ratios                    

 

EMIS Credit Analytics

EMIS Benchmark Score                    

 







 
 





What this report allows you to do
EMIS company reports provide the data you need to make accurate assessments about businesses you are interested in.




Identify sales opportunities

Does the company match your target demographic?
Who are the key executives?




Conduct risk assessment

Is the company creditworthy?
Is it financially stable?




Carry out strategic research

Is the company a potential business partner/investment opportunity?
What is its financial performance?


 
 
 
 


You’re in good company
EMIS company reports are used extensively by the world’s biggest companies, financial institutions, professional service companies and universities to assess businesses in emerging markets. 







800,000+
company profiles
We have information on both public and private companies across 125 countries.


2,000+
clients
EMIS is the go-to information source on emerging market companies for the world’s most prestigious businesses.

 
 
 
 

 









Enterprise ACCESS
If you need regular and ongoing access to company information, you should consider a subscription to the full EMIS service.
EMIS company profiles are part of a larger information service where that combines company, industry and country data and analysis for over 125 emerging markets on a unique information platform.
REQUEST A DEMO




 


Contact us to learn more about our business solutions.
 
 





FOLLOW US

B



 
 



Sign up to our newsletter
Make sure you’re not the last to know by getting the latest insights on emerging markets straight to your inbox.


Sign up

 
 


 
 
 















 




            C M Holdings Plc - Colombo 2 null, 297,union Place , CO.REGISTRATION NO. PQ 169



































































                    Company directory and business data solutions



About Kompass







                                        Register






                                        Login







                                                    Login
×



                                                    Please fill in your login and password







Register
Login


Forgot your password ?















								English

























Need advice?
Please contact one of our team of experts from Monday to Friday between 9am and 5pm or by email




Contact us











                    Search across 10.5 million selected companies  in more than  60 countries.

















or




all
suppliers
one company











Rechercher















                                    Data Access



Business solutions 
Sales leads? Online promotion?


EasyBusiness
EasyList

                                   Digital solutions
Booster
Promotional solutions




See all business solutions

Videos & Tutorials

Quizz




EasyBusiness
Find the right sales leads!

                                With more than 10.5 million companies and 60 search criteria, our global B2B database, EasyBusiness, will help you find the right customer leads and marketing lists.
Find out more >


EasyList
Need help with finding prospects?
EasyList is our straightforward on demand tool designed to help you build personalised company lists from a global database of 9 million companies.
Find out more


Booster
Engage your target audience!
Engage your target audience and attract new business leads using the Kompass.com our global online digital directory. With over 6m visitors per month from 69 countries worldwide, let us improve your SEO and increase your customer traffic.
Find out more >


Promotional solutions
Attract relevant enquiries!
Build, enhance and manage your company profile to attract visitors instantly. Use our PPC experts to help drive relevant enquiries through to your profile – cost effective, managed and GUARANTEED.
Find out more >















                                          C M Holdings PLC





x


Every month we have millions of visitors on Kompass, looking for companies like yours. Register your company on Kompass and build your FREE company profile to attract those visitors.


Register


Login


Login








                        C M Holdings PLC



                                    Formerly Colonial Motors PLC



                                            297,Union Place 

                                    Colombo 2
Sri Lanka







     Need to contact this company?




Call
Click to see their phone number








Call
Click to see their phone number















---




						Service 
						
						+ call price





* This phone number available for 3 min is not the recipient's number but a number from a service which will put you through to that person.
				This service is produced by Kompass. 
                					Why this number ?
















Service & free calls*






* This number, only available 3 minutes, is not your correspondant's number but the number of a service putting you through to that person.
This service is produced by Kompass. 
									Why this number ?










All the lines are busy at the moment, please try again in a moment.













                                    View map location




Purchase online company lists of companies

Create your prospect list >











                        C M Holdings PLC
×













                        Addresses of : C M Holdings PLC

×

























                            Description



                            Key figures



                                    Executives



                                    Activities











Description
Key figures
Executives
Activities







						Company Summary

Activities:
Importer and Distributor of Motor Cars/Spare Parts,Accessories,Automobile Engineers.


Wholly Owned Subsidiaries: 
•Union Investments Ltd, 297,Union Place,Colombo 2, Tel.+94-(0)11-2347218-9
•Carplan Ltd, 297,Union Place,Colombo 2, Tel.+94-(0)11-2342725-6


Board of directors:
•Mr Alagaraja Rajaratnam (Chairman)
•Mr Sri Dhaman Arudpragasam (Deputy Chairman)
•Mr R.M.M.J Ratnayake (Managing Director)
•Mr J.M Swaminathan (Director)
•Mr A.M de S Jayaratne (Director)
•Mr S. Rajaratnam (Director)
•Mr Anushman Rajaratnam (Director)




					General Information




									Year established
1908


Co.Registration No.
PQ 169



										Legal form
Quoted Public Limited Liability



                                    Corporate capital
288,386,885 LKR



                                Type of company

							 Head Office



									Fax

										
											+94 11 2438424






						Brands




KIA (South Korea) 







						Banks



Peoples Bank, Hatton National Bank






						Associations



The Ceylon Motor Traders Association


Ceylon Chamber of Commerce


National Chamber of Commerce of Sri Lanka





Import


Area :

                                    Western Europe, Central Asia, Asia-Pacific


Country :

                                    United Kingdom, India, France, North Korea






Key figures



            Employees




















Executives



			Executive information


 

Download the executives list











												Mr A.L  Rajapaksha



										Accountant









Activities



                Main activities


 Producer
 Distributor
 Service provider



 Preheater system components for internal combustion engine

 Radiator grilles, motor vehicle



 Motor vehicle body spare parts

 Body panels and pressings, motor vehicle

 Doors and hinges, motor vehicle

 Pedal assemblies, motor vehicle

 Windows, windscreens, window fittings, motor vehicle

 Windscreen wiper blades and components, motor vehicle

 Safety bars, frames, roll bars and bull bars for motor vehicles

 Anti-roll bars/stabiliser bars, motor vehicle

 Sunroofs, motor vehicle

 Sunroof frames, metal, for motor vehicles

 Bonnets and bonnet components, motor vehicle

 Tanks for windscreen washer fluid, motor vehicle

 Expansion tanks for motor vehicle cooling systems

 Caps, fuel tank and radiator, motor vehicle

 Handles and knobs, motor vehicle

 Seats, seat frames and seat fittings, motor vehicle

 Seats, motor vehicle, shock absorber mounted



 Motor vehicle transmission parts and spare parts

 Axles, motor car

 Axles, stub, hub and drum assemblies, motor vehicle

 Half shafts, motor vehicle

 Propeller shafts, motor vehicle

 Sliding sleeves, propeller shaft, motor vehicle

 Speedometer gears, motor vehicle

 Transmission mountings, motor vehicle

 Gearboxes, manually operated, motor vehicle

 Gearbox shafts, motor vehicle

 Gear sets for motor vehicle gearboxes

 Synchromesh rings, motor vehicle gearbox

 Bearings, motor vehicle gearbox

 Bushings and thrust washers, motor vehicle gearbox

 Gear levers and rods, motor vehicle gearbox

 Forks, motor vehicle gearbox

 Casings, motor vehicle gearbox

 Control cables, gear selection, motor vehicle

 Differential units and components, motor vehicle

 Differential unit housings, motor vehicle

 Limited slip differential units, motor vehicle

 Overdrives, motor vehicle

 Power transmission systems, motor vehicle

 Clutch assemblies, motor vehicle

 Clutch shafts, motor vehicle

 Clutch housings, motor vehicle

 Clutch linings, motor vehicle

 Clutch drums, motor vehicle

 Clutch control levers, motor vehicle

 Clutch bearings, motor vehicle

 Clutch bushings, motor vehicle

 Clutch pressure plates, motor vehicle

 Clutch springs, motor vehicle

 Clutch discs, motor vehicle

 Clutch rocker arms, motor vehicle

 Transfer boxes, wheel drive, motor vehicle

 Universal joints, constant-speed universal joints, motor vehicle

 Shaft couplings, universal joint, cross type, motor vehicle

 Joints, elastic, motor vehicle

 Power take-off (PTO) units, motor vehicle

 Wheel hubs, free wheeling (FWH), motor vehicle

 Cables, speedometer, for motor vehicles

 Cages, constant velocity (CV) joint, motor vehicle

 Axles and differentials for three-wheeler delivery vans









                Secondary activities


 Producer
 Distributor
 Service provider



 Motor vehicle control system components

 Door operating mechanisms, electric, motor vehicle

 Door operating mechanisms, mechanical, pneumatic or vacuum, motor vehicle

 Door locking systems, centralised, motor vehicle

 Alcohol locks, vehicle ignition system

 Ignition switches, motor vehicle

 Starter motor control units, motor vehicle

 Electronic controls for gearboxes, motor vehicle



 Motor vehicle ventilation, heating and air conditioning (HVAC) systems

 Fans/blowers, interior, motor vehicle

 Thermal switches for motor vehicle engine cooling fans

 Electric motors for motor vehicle air conditioners

 Fan belts for motor cars



 Motor vehicle control instruments and panels

 Mileometers, motor vehicle

 Thermometers, water temperature, facia mounted, motor vehicle

 Brake wear alarms, facia mounted, motor vehicle

 Lights, warning and indicator, motor vehicle

 Warning lights, oil level, oil pressure, facia mounted, motor vehicle

 Warning lights, water temperature, facia mounted, motor vehicle

 Warning lights, light failure, facia mounted, motor vehicle

 Warning lights, battery, dynamo charge, facia mounted, motor vehicle

 Warning lights, fuel reserve, facia mounted, motor vehicle

 Warning lights, brake fluid level, facia mounted, motor vehicle

 Warning lights, direction indicator, facia mounted, motor vehicle

 Warning lights, headlight beam, facia mounted, motor vehicle

 Oil pressure gauges, motor vehicle

 Fuel gauges, motor vehicle

 Dipsticks, motor vehicle

 Switches, oil pressure, motor vehicle

 Dashboards, motor vehicle



 Motor vehicle safety equipment and accessories

 Seat belts, motor vehicle

 Seat belt components, motor vehicle

 Lights, reversing, motor vehicle

 Clearance/marker lamps and reflectors, motor vehicle

 Speed limiters, motor vehicle

 Sun visors, anti-glare screens, motor vehicle

 Horns and acoustic warning devices, motor vehicle

 Reversing alarms, voice synthesis, motor vehicle

 Air bags, motor vehicle

 Headlights, motor vehicle

 Mirrors, rear-view, interior and exterior, motor vehicle

 Sidelights, tail lights and stop lights, for motor vehicles

 Spotlights and foglights, motor vehicle

 Anti-skid systems, motor vehicle



 Motor vehicle maintenance and repair services

 Reconditioning services, engine, motor vehicle

 Tuning, motor vehicle engine

 Repair services, motor vehicle engine

 Testing services, motor vehicle engine

 Reconditioning services, transmission components, motor vehicle

 Reconditioning and repair services, axle, motor vehicles

 Testing services, brake, motor vehicle

 Reconditioning services, fuel tank and radiator, motor vehicle

 Repair services, wheel rim, for motor vehicles

 Repair services, bodywork, motor car

 Rustproofing services, motor vehicle

 Repair services, upholstery, motor vehicles

 Replacement services, windscreen, motor vehicle

 Repair and maintenance services for electrical and electronic equipment, motor vehicle

 Installation services, sliding roof/sunroof

 Repair and maintenance services for motor cars and vans



 Importers and exporters

 Importers-exporters, motor vehicles



 Exhaust system components for internal combustion engine

 Exhaust pipes for motor cars, buses and trucks/lorries

 Exhaust deflectors, exhaust pipe trims, motor vehicle

 Exhaust pipe clamps, motor vehicle



 Cylinder block components for internal combustion engine

 Cylinder blocks, engine

 Cylinder liners (sleeves), engine



 Injection system components for internal combustion engines

 Direct petrol injection systems for motor vehicle engines

 Diesel injection systems, components, motor vehicle



 Combustion system component for internal combustion engine

 Spark plugs, motor vehicle



 Lubrication system components

 Oil filters, engine



 Internal combustion engine components NES

 Engine mountings, motor vehicle

 Timing sprockets, engine

 Timing chains, engine

 Transmission belts, engine

 Gaskets, engine

 Carburettors

 Carburettor components

 Superchargers and turbochargers for internal combustion engines



 Air filtration equipment

 Air filters and purifiers for the motor vehicle industry



 Electric lamps, by use

 Lamps, motor vehicle



 Electronic connectors

 Connectors, staggered contact, wire to wire



 Light trailer and caravan components and accessories

 Windows for caravans



Motor vehicle body spare parts

 Bus and motor coach body spare parts



 Wheels and castors for vehicles

 Wheels, disc

 Wheel rims

 Wheel discs (bolt plates), bolts and nuts



 Motor vehicle steering and suspension parts

 Steering systems, power assisted, motor vehicle

 Steering boxes, steering gears, motor vehicle

 Steering box gaskets, motor vehicle

 Stuffing boxes, steering box, motor vehicle

 Steering gear bearings, motor vehicle

 Steering gear bushes, motor vehicle

 Steering columns, motor vehicle

 Steering columns, collapsible, motor vehicle

 Steering wheels, motor vehicle

 Power steering pumps, motor vehicle

 Steering dampers, motor vehicle

 Kingpins and bushes, motor vehicle

 Tie rods, steering, motor vehicle

 Track joints, steering, motor vehicle

 Ball joints, steering, motor vehicle

 Steering arms, motor vehicle

 Suspension shackles and bushes, motor vehicle

 Wishbones for suspensions, motor vehicle

 Leaf springs for motor vehicle suspensions

 Leaf spring clamps, motor vehicle

 Suspensions, pneumatic, motor vehicle

 Suspension unit fittings, motor vehicle

 Shock absorbers and dampers for motor vehicle suspensions

 Shock absorber guides, motor vehicle

 Shock absorbers for trailer coupling hooks

 Torsion bars, motor vehicle

 Chassis lubrication systems, motor vehicle



 Motor vehicle braking system parts

 Braking systems, hydraulic, motor vehicle

 Components, hydraulic brake system, motor vehicle

 Reservoirs, hydraulic brake fluid, motor vehicle

 Pumps and cylinders, hydraulic brake, motor vehicle

 Braking systems, pneumatic, motor vehicle

 Components, pneumatic brake system, motor vehicle

 Compressors, pneumatic brake system, motor vehicle

 Exhausters, pneumatic brake system, motor vehicle

 Brake pumps, brake pump components and fittings, motor vehicle

 Pistons for brake master cylinders, motor vehicle

 Pistons for brake calipers, motor vehicle

 Braking systems and components, mechanical, motor vehicle

 Disc brake assemblies, motor vehicle

 Disc brake components, motor vehicle

 Disc brake pads, motor vehicle

 Brake discs, motor vehicle

 Drum brake assemblies, motor vehicle

 Drum brake components, motor vehicle

 Drum brake shoes, motor vehicle

 Brake drums, motor vehicle

 Brake shoe linings, motor vehicle

 Servo braking systems, motor vehicle

 Anti-lock braking systems (ABS), motor vehicle

 Brake transmission assemblies and components, motor vehicle

 Handbrake levers, motor vehicle

 Braking systems and components for trailers

 Braking systems, mechanical, for electric vehicles



 Motor vehicle electrical and electronic equipment

 Dynamos, motor vehicle

 Dynamo components, motor vehicle

 Shafts, dynamo and starter motor, motor vehicle

 Alternators, rectifiers, motor vehicle

 Voltage regulators, cut-outs, motor vehicle

 Electronic ignition systems, motor vehicle

 Condensers, ignition circuit, motor vehicle

 Ignition coils, motor vehicle

 Ignition advancers, motor vehicle

 Motors, electric, for windows, sliding roofs, hoods and seat operating units, motor vehicle

 Plugs and sockets, electrical, motor vehicle

 Ignition distributors, motor vehicle

 Ignition distributor components, motor vehicle

 Cables, ignition, motor vehicle

 Starter motors, motor vehicle

 Connectors, electric and electronic, for motor vehicles

 Armatures, dynamo and starter motor, motor vehicle

 Starter motor brushes, motor vehicle

 Fuel pumps, electric, motor vehicle

 Windscreen and rear window defrosters and demisters, electric, motor vehicle

 Safety systems, fuel cut-off, vehicle crash operated

 Control units, engine, electronic, motor vehicle

 Engine management sensors, motor vehicle

 Windscreen wiper motors, motor vehicle

 Electric motors for motor vehicle water pumps

 Battery terminal clamps, motor vehicle

 Wiring harnesses/cable looms, motor vehicle

 Cable clips, clamps and fasteners, motor vehicle

 Heater plugs (glow plugs), motor vehicle

 Fuses, motor vehicle

 Fuse boxes, motor vehicle

 Junction boxes, motor vehicle

 Spark capacitors for motor vehicles

 Relays, motor vehicle

 Pumps, electrically operated, windscreen washer, motor vehicle

 Headlight levelling systems, motor vehicle mounted

 Windscreen washers, electric, motor vehicle



Motor vehicle electrical and electronic equipment

 Battery boxes, motor vehicle

 Lights, number-plate, motor vehicle

 Flasher units, motor vehicle

 Headlight dip switches and controls, motor vehicle

 Lights, interior, motor vehicle

 Headlight cleaning systems, motor vehicle

 Switches, on-off, reversing light, gearbox mounted, motor vehicle

 Switches, direction indicator, motor vehicle

 Switches, interior light, motor vehicle

 Switches, windscreen wiper, motor vehicle

 Push-buttons, horn, motor vehicle



 Motor vehicle accessories

 Headrests, motor vehicle

 Mudflaps, motor vehicle

 Spare wheel carriers and covers, motor vehicle

 Wheel covers/hubcaps, motor vehicle



 Service station equipment

 Fuel filtering equipment, service station



 Wholesale trade

 Motor vehicles, spare parts and accessories (wholesale)













You might also like



















     Contact

            C M Holdings PLC





Call
Click to see their phone number








Call
Click to see their phone number















---




						Service 
						
						+ call price





* This phone number available for 3 min is not the recipient's number but a number from a service which will put you through to that person.
				This service is produced by Kompass. 
                					Why this number ?
















Service & free calls*






* This number, only available 3 minutes, is not your correspondant's number but the number of a service putting you through to that person.
This service is produced by Kompass. 
									Why this number ?










All the lines are busy at the moment, please try again in a moment.











You might also like:












Sparklit Motor Trades & E...


                                                         
                                                        Kadawatha
Preheater system components for internal combustion engine












Carplan Limited


                                                         
                                                        Colombo 2
Preheater system components for internal combustion engine
















Browns Dimo Industrial Pr...


                                                         
                                                        Colombo 10
Preheater system components for internal combustion engine












Rohana Motors (Pvt) Ltd


                                                         
                                                        Kelaniya
Preheater system components for internal combustion engine
















Radiator House (Pvt) Ltd


                                                         
                                                        Colombo 10
Preheater system components for internal combustion engine












Geethanie Motor Stores


                                                         
                                                        Colombo 10
Steam turbines
















Subasinghe Motor Stores


                                                         
                                                        Colombo 13
Steam turbines












Cey-Nor Foundation Limite...


                                                         
                                                        Colombo 10
Marine engines
















Ceylon Marine


                                                         
                                                        Negombo
Marine engines












Negombo Marine Engineers


                                                         
                                                        Negombo
Marine engines
















Global Motor Traders


                                                         
                                                        Colombo 10
Marine engines












Reliance Marketing & Engi...


                                                         
                                                        Colombo 10
Marine engines
















Industrial Gears & Motors...


                                                         
                                                        Colombo 10
Hydraulic engines and turbines












Marsh Lanka (Pvt) Ltd


                                                         
                                                        Nawala
Hydraulic engines and turbines
















KP Projects International...


                                                         
                                                        Kohuwala
Hydraulic engines and turbines












Mercantile Engn-Tools (Pv...


                                                         
                                                        Colombo 10
Internal combustion engines
















D P L Motor Traders


                                                         
                                                        Nugegoda
Internal combustion engines












Ceylinco Niranjan Inventi...


                                                         
                                                        Colombo 9
Internal combustion engines
















Zerendib Motor Enterprise...


                                                         
                                                        Colombo 10
Internal combustion engines












Kusumsiri Motor Traders


                                                         
                                                        Colombo 10
Cylinder block components for internal combustion engine







 
 




Our business solutions









With Kompass :




                            Global presence in more than 60 countries





                            Detailed and up to date company information





                            Comprehensive and filtered company directory


















				                Frequent updates ensuring high quality data






                                Help with expert advice






    	            			Dedicated customer service team













Need advice?




Contact us





Join us
Follow our latest news on social media



















































