



經濟系大學部課程摘要







經濟學系  Department of Economics


中英文課程簡介

2011/11/14更新

經濟學原理  


經一  必修  
(3 - 3)  


本科目講授經濟行為、決策之基本原理及經濟問題之分析方法。教學內容分為個體經濟學與總體經濟學兩大部份。前者包括消費者行為、生產者行為、市場結構、生產要素市場、所得分配、市場失靈與政府乾預、公共選擇。後者包括國民所得衡量、所得決定理論、通貨膨脹與失業、總合需求行為、貨幣政策、財政政策。此外，如何將經濟學中重要觀念應用在日常生活中亦是本課程重要訓練之一。

 

PRINCIPLES OF ECONOMICS

Freshman  required  (3-3)

This course discusses 
microeconomics and macroeconomics.  In microeconomics we discuss consumer’s and 
firm’s behaviors, market structure, input market, income distribution, market 
failure and government intervention, and public choice.  In macroeconomics 
topics such as measurement of GDP, inflation and unemployment, aggregate demand 
and supply, monetary policy, and fiscal policy are discussed. The application of 
economic concepts in daily life is also emphasized in this course.

 

經濟學原理  


經一B  必修  
(3 - 3)  


本科目講授經濟學基本原理，上學期講授個體經濟學，包含 1.需求、供給與市場均衡分析，2.消費者行為均衡，.生產、成本與不同市場結構下的廠商利潤極大行為，以及4.市場失靈與公共選擇。下學期講授總體經濟學，包含：1.國內所得、通貨膨脹與失業之定義與衡量，2.短期總體模型，3.貨幣供給與利率理論，4.長期總體模型，以及5.貨幣與財政政策有效性比較。

 

PRINCIPLES OF ECONOMICS

Freshman  required  (3-3)

This course covers basic 
principles of economics. The first semester discusses microeconomic issues, 
including: 1. demand, supply and market equilibrium analysis; 2. the utility 
maximizing behavior of consumer, 3. production, costs and the firms’ profit 
maximization behavior in different industry structures and 4. market failure and 
public choice. The second semester discusses macroeconomics, including: 1. the 
definition and measurement of GDP, inflation and unemployment, 2. short-run 
macroeconomic model, 3. money supply and interest rate theory, 4. long-run 
macroeconomic model, and 5. the effectiveness of monetary and fiscal policies.

 

經濟學原理  


經一C  必修  
(3 - 3)  


本科目講授經濟行為、決策之基本原理及經濟問題之分析方法。教學內容分為個體經濟學與總體經濟學兩大部份。前者包括消費者行為、生產者行為、市場結構、生產要素市場、所得分配、市場失靈與政府乾預、公共選擇。後者包括國民所得衡量、所得決定理論、通貨膨脹與失業、總合需求行為、貨幣政策、財政政策、供給面經濟學。

 

PRINCIPLES OF ECONOMICS

Freshman  required  (3-3)

This course covers economic 
behaviors, principles of decision-making, and methods of economic analysis. 
Subjects are divided into two parts: microeconomics and macroeconomics. The 
former includes consumer choice theory, producer’s behaviors, market structures, 
factor markets, income distribution, market failure and government intervention, 
and public choice theory. The latter includes national income, theories of 
income determination, inflation and unemployment, aggregate demand, monetary 
policy, fiscal policy, and the supply side economics. 

 

 

會計學

經一  　必修 
　 ( 3 - 3 )


本課程教學內容涵括基本會計觀念的介紹、會計循環處理程序、複式分錄記錄之運用、財務報表的編製、財報分析及相關的決策制定等。並配合實習課程，以加強初學者之會計操作處理能力。

本課程講授章節共有十個主題，內容包括：(1)
會計的基本觀念介紹、(2) 會計循環之完成、(3)
買賣業會計、(4) 內部控制及現金之處理、(5)
應收款項會計處理、(6)長期性資產會計處理、(7)
負債會計處理、(8) 公司會計、(9)財務報表編製、(10)
財報分析。

 


Accounting


Freshman  required  (3-3)


This course includes the introduction of basic accounting concept, accounting 
cycle procedure, record of double entry and the utilization, prepare of 
financial statement.  It also provides the users of financial analysis and 
decision making and best practice by means of on-line train.


This course includes 10 tops are (1) Why Accounting Matters, (2) Understanding 
and complete the accounting cycle process, (3) Accounting for Merchandisers, (4) 
Internal Control Systems and Cash, (5) Receivables Accounting, (6) Long-term 
Assets Accounting, (7) Accounting for Liabilities, (8) Corporate Accounting, (9) 
Prepared Financial Statements, (10) Analyzing Financial Statements.

 

微積分       


經一  必修  
(3-3)
   
本科目介紹數學裡最常應用於商業、經濟上的幾個概念和方法。內容包括：(1)極限與微分(2)微分的應用：變動率、極值、最佳化問題、估算、隱函數微分(3)指數與對數函數(4)積分：定積分、重積分、積分的應用(5)多變數函數及偏微分：多變數函數的極值、限制條件下的極值、Lagrange方法(6)三角函數(7)泰勒多項式與無窮級數。
CALCULUS
Freshman required (3-3)

   This course introduces several important mathematics concepts and approaches 
used      in business and economics. It covers：(1) 
Limits and the deriative.(2) Applications of the derivative：rate 
of change, relative extrema, optimization problems, estimation, implicit 
differentiation.(3) The exponential and natural logarithmic functions.(4) 
Integration：definite 
integral, double integral, applications of the integral.(5) Functions of several 
variables and partial derivatives：maxima 
and minima of functions of several variables, constrained optimization, 
Lagrange's method.(6) The trigonometric functions.(7) Taylor polynomials and 
infinite series.

 

電子計算機概論 


經一  選修  
(2-0)


教導學生從認識電腦軟硬體的基本架構和運作原理開始，進而說明網際網路的原理、相關的電腦應用、資訊安全概念及使用網路時應註意之禮節。課程中輔以練習基本電腦應用軟體的操作技能，在修習完本課程後，得以瞭解日後應該如何利用電腦作為輔助自己工作、學業及生活上的工具。

 

BASIC COMPUTER CONCEPTS

Freshman required (2 - 0)

Teaching students start from basic computer structure and operation 
principle of  the software(system software and application software) & 
hardware(CPU, memory, I/O devices). This course will also cover the knowledge of 
networking, information security and the internet moral . The primary goal of 
this course is to make students know how to utilize computer as a tool of work , 
study and normal life in the future.

 

商業套裝軟體 


經一  選修  
(0 - 2)

本課程以介紹Word與Excel使用方法為主，課程內容包括Word的輸入方式、版面設計、表格設計、多媒體文件設計、網頁設計等，以Word製作文件。為了使同學在爾後相關經濟學科，能善用統計工具，Excel著重於資料輸入、建立工作表與圖表等，並以解決問題的角度，以Excel製作圖表，得出解答。

 


SOFEWARE PACKAGE FOR BUSINESS APPLICATION


Freshman elective (0- 2)


This course primarily introduces the usages of Word and Excel. Course topics 
include input, page layout, table, multimedia document, homepage, and creating 
Word document. In order to well use statistical tools in related economics, 
Excel focuses on data input, establishing sheets and figures. In term of solving 
problems, use Excel to create figures for finding solutions. 

 


 

民法概要

經一  選修 
(2 - 2)


本課程之開設，係為指導非法律系之學生，對於民法之基本概念及一般原則，建立正確而實用之觀念。本課程之範圍，包括民法之全部內容，其重點在說明民法與其他法律間之區別與關係，使學生認識五編制的立法結構下，總編則﹙第一條至第一五二條﹚、債編﹙第一五三條至第七五六條﹚、物權編﹙地七五七條至第九六六條﹚、親屬編﹙第九七六條至第一一三七條﹚及繼承編﹙第一一三八條至第一二二五條﹚之規定內容概要。本課程之教學目標，再建立學生對民法的正確觀念，促其註重日常生活與法律規定間之密切關係，進而啟發其對民法專業知識之重視與興趣。

 

INTROCUTION TO CIVIL LAW

Freshman elective (2 - 2)

“INTROCUTION TO CIVIL LAW” is designed to help non-law students 
correctly understand the basic principles of civil law. However, it will be 
emphasized on general vision of the provisions of “General Provisions”, 
“Obligations”, “Property”, “Domestic Relationships” and “Successions” Parts of 
the ROC Civil Code. It is anticipated that the students participating in this 
course will be armed with correct conceptions of civil law, cognizant of the 
close relations of law and daily life, and inspired to value the profession of 
law.


 

個體經濟學

經二  A組 
必修  (3-3)  


本科目主要藉經濟循環流通過程之二部門模式，探討供需與均衡、消費者行為、生產者行為、廠商與市場型態、生產因素市場、一般均衡及福利經濟學等理論。期使學生明瞭消費部門與生產部門間的經濟活動和彼此之間的相互關係，以及如何利用相對價格的功能解決經濟問題。

 

MICROECONOMICS

Sophomore  required  (3 - 3)


Microeconomics is study of the circular flow of economic cycle by two sector 
model. It deals with the demand, supply and market equilibrium; consumer’s 
behavior; producer’s behavior; theory of firm and market structure; factor 
markets; general equilibrium theory and welfare economics. This course is 
designed to help students realize the economic activities of the interaction 
between the consumers and producers and know how to solve the economic problems 
by the relative price.


 

個體經濟學

經二  B組 
必修  (3-3) 


本科目主要藉經濟循環流通過程之二部門模式，探討供需與均衡、消費者行為、生產者行為、廠商與市場型態、生產因素市場、一般均衡及福利經濟學,不確定下之經濟行為等理論。學生在明瞭消費部門與生產部門間的經濟活動和彼此間的相互關係之餘，尤應具備應用相關理論解決經濟問題的能力。


 

Sophomore  required  (3 - 3)

Based on the circular flow of 
economic behaviors, this course examines topics such as demand, supply, 
equilibrium, consumer choice theory, producer’s behaviors, firms and market 
structures, factor markets, general equilibrium and welfare economics, and 
economic behaviors under uncertainty. In addition to the understanding of the 
interactions between consumer and producer sectors, students are expected to be 
able to solve economic problems via the application of the related theories.


 

個體經濟學

經二  C組 
必修  (3-3)  


本課程主要探討消費者及廠商行為的決策及其影響，課程內容涵蓋消費者選擇、比較靜態分析、價格變動與消費者福利分析、因素市場分析、不同產業結構下之廠商行為分析、市場失靈及政府的角色、一般均衡分析、不確定下的決策分析。

 

MICROECONOMICS

Sophomore required  (3 - 3)

Microeconomics is the study of economic behavior of consumers and 
firms. Specifically, this course focuses on the following topics: consumer 
choice, comparative static analysis, price change and consumer welfare, factor 
markets analysis, firms decisions in various market structures, market failures 
such as externalities, public goods and asymmetric information, general 
equilibrium analysis, choice under uncertainty etc.

 

個體經濟學  


經二  D組 
必修  (3 - 3)  


本科目主要藉經濟循環流通過程之二部門模式，探討供需與均衡、消費者行為、生產者行為、廠商與市場型態、生產因素市場、一般均衡等理論。期使學生明瞭消費部門與生產部門間的經濟活動和彼此之間的相互關係，以及如何利用相對價格的功能解決經濟問題。

 

MICROECONOMICS

Sophomore required  (3 - 3)


Microeconomics is study of the circular flow of economic cycle by two-sector 
model. It deals with the demand, supply and market equilibrium; consumer’s 
behavior; producer’s behavior; theory of firm and market structure; factor 
markets, and general equilibrium theory. This course is designed to help 
students realize the economic activities of the interaction between the 
consumers and producers and know how to solve the economic problems by the 
relative price.


 

貨幣銀行學

經二A  必修  
(3 - 3)  


本課程介紹金融機構與金融市場的功能與運作、以及各種金融工具包含衍生性金融商品、貨幣需求、貨幣供給過程、貨幣政策工具、貨幣政策的執行、IS-LM模型、總合供給與總合需求、貨幣與產出、貨幣政策傳遞機制、通貨膨脹原因與結果。

MONEY AND BANKING

Sophomore  required  (3 - 3)


This course introduces the functions and operations of financial institutions 
and markets, financial instruments including derivatives, demand for money, 
money supply process, monetary policy instruments, conduct of monetary policy, 
IS-LM model, aggregate supply and aggregate demand, money and output, channels 
for monetary policy, and causes and consequences of inflation. 


 

貨幣銀行學

經二B、C 
必修  (3 - 3)  

本課程一方面對金融機構與日益重要的金融市場---股票市場、債券市場、外匯市場，以及新的金融工具作逐一的介紹；另一方面則探討中央銀行如何藉貨幣政策的工具，透過金融體系達成其貨幣政策的目標，進而影響一國的總體經濟；最後再探討各種不同的貨幣理論與政策。

MONEY AND BANKING


Sophomore  required  (3 - 3)


This is a course for sophomore. The title of the text is “The Economics of 
Money, Banking, and Financial Markets”. It is written by F. S. Mshkin, the 
excellent professor of Economics at Columbia University. According to his 
introduction of the book, he said, “This book examines how financial markets and 
financial institutions work and explores the role of money in the economy. What 
happens to financial markets, financial institutions, and money is of great 
concern to our politicians and can even have a major impact on our elections. 
The study of money, banking, and financial markets will reward you with an 
understanding of many exciting issues.’


 

統計學

經二  A組 
必修  (3 - 3)  


本課程包括敘述統計與推論統計。前者為簡單之圖表分析；後者包括機率分配、取樣分配、假設檢定、變異數分析、迴歸分析、及卡方配適度檢定。

 


Statistics

Sophomore  required  (3 - 3)

This course discusses descriptive 
statistics and inferential statistics. The latter includes probability 
distribution, sampling distribution, hypothesis test, analysis of variance, 
regression, and chi-square test.


 

統計學

經二  B組 
必修  (3 - 3)  


本科目旨在使學生瞭解在不同的目的及不同性質的資料下，如何吸收資料的精華，並根據機率理論作統計分析及推論。講授內容包括：(一)敘述統計；(二)機率、機率分配─統計推論的基礎；(三)推論統計─估計和檢定；(四)無母數分析；(五)變異數分析;（六）迴歸分析。


 


Statistics

Sophomore  required  (3 - 3)


    This course equips students with ability to collect and analyze data. It 
teaches students to make inference about population by probability theory. The 
contents include: (1) Descriptive statistics; (2) Probability and probability 
distributions; (3) Statistical inference - estimation and hypothesis testing; 
(4) Nonparametric methods; (5) Analysis of variance;(6) Regression analysis.



 

統計學

經二  C組 
必修  (3 - 3)  


本課程的目標是在介紹基本統計分析所需的觀念與技術，以便商學院學生能應用商學與經濟資料，從事基本的統計分析。本課程的實習課重視MicroSoft 
EXCEL的練習。

 


Statistics

Sophomore  required  (3 - 3)

The objective of the courses is 
to study the concepts and analytical skills of basic statistics, so as that the 
students in the College of Business could apply them to a variety of social and 
economic data and thus make statistical and economic analysis for various 
issues. The practical course provided by teaching assistant will emphasize the 
exercises using MicroSoft EXCEL.


 

統計學  


經二  D組 
必修  (3 - 3) 


本課程內容包括敘述統計、機率分配、抽樣分配、統計估計、統計假設檢定、變異數分析、卡方檢定、簡單線性廻歸、複廻歸、無母數統計。

 

STATISTICS

Sophomore  required  (3 - 3)

This course includes descriptive statistics, probability 
distribution, sampling distribution, statistical estimation, hypothesis testing, 
analysis of variance, chi-square tests, simple linear regression, multiple 
regression, and nonparametric statistics.


 

經濟數學  


經二A  選修  
(2 ─ 2)  


數學為分析經濟問題的重要工具，近代經濟理論的蓬勃發展得力於數理工具的運用。本課程旨在教導學生，如何以嚴謹而客觀的數理方法去分析與研究經濟問題，以增進對經濟問題的瞭解。主要講授內容為：基本概念、單變數微積分與最適化分析、線性代數、多變數微積分、多變數的最適化分析、有限制的最適化分析以及比較靜態分析。


 


MATHEMATICS FOR ECONOMICS

Sophomore  Required  (2 ─ 2)

Mathematics is an important 
analytical tool to help us understand and handle with economic problems.  The 
development of modern economic theories relies heavily on this tool.  The 
purpose of this course is to enhance students’ ability to study economics by 
using a rigorously mathematical method.  The topics covered in this course are 
Fundamentals, Univariate Calculus and Optimization, Linear Algebra, Calculus for 
Multivariate Functions, Optimization of Multivariate Functions, Constrained 
Optimization, and Comparative Static Analysis.


 

經濟數學  


經二B、C 
選修  (2 ─ 2)  


凡是現代研究經濟學的同學均需要某些數學的輔助，建立模型以分析經濟事務。數學不僅提供一種嚴謹而簡潔的工具，也有助於對複雜經濟問題及理論的瞭解。本課程主要以數學為主，經濟為輔，書中列舉許許多多經濟學範例以供初學者參考，希望能提供同學瞭解如何使用數學以解決經濟問題。


 


MATHEMATICS FOR ECONOMICS

Sophomore  Required  (2 ─ 2)


This is a course for sophomore. The title of the text is “Fundamental Methods of 
Mathematical Economics”. It is written by A. C. Chiang, the excellent professor 
of Economics at University of Connecticut. According to his preface of the book, 
he said, “This book is written for those students of economics intent on 
learning the basic mathematical methods that have become indispensable for a 
proper understanding of the current economic literature.

 

企業管理  


經二  選修  
(3 - 0)


企業管理以管理功能為課程主軸，另以企業功能為輔，期使修讀同學瞭解企業運作的原理以及企業管理的重要議題。管理功能講授內容包括計劃、組織、領導、控制等單元，企業功能講授內容則以人力資源、行銷、財務、資訊以及作業管理等單元之概要理論為主，課程參酌相關實例及個案，使學習者得以瞭解理論運用於實務，建立管理實務之觀念。


 

BUSINESS MANAGEMENT 

Sophomore  elective  (3 - 0)

The purpose of this course is to familiarize the students with 
basic modern management concepts and important issues of business operation. The 
topics introduced are (1) the evolution of management thought; (2) the 
management process include - planning, organizing, staffing, leading and 
controlling;  (3) the future of management theory and challenge;  (4) the 
business function which include human resources, marketing, financing and MIS.

 


金融管理

經二 
選修  (2 - 2)  


本課程之主要內容為簡介金融機構功能及其風險管理。在金融機構功能方面，依序討論銀行業、保險業、證券業、投資銀行業、投信業等各種金融機構之業務內容及監理機制；在風險管理方面，則討論金融機構面臨之各項風險（利率風險、市場風險、信用風險、作業風險及流動性風險等）及管理風險之具體方法。

 

Financial Institutions Management

Sophomore  elective  (2 - 2)

This course focuses on overview of main activities and risk 
management of financial institutions. Firstly, we will introduce the main 
products and services provided by financial institutions such as banks, 
insurance companies, securities firms, investment banks, mutual fund companies 
and finance companies. Secondly, we will discuss risks faced by these 
institutions, which are interest rate risk, market risk, credit risk, 
operational risk and liquidity risk. Finally, we will introduce some tools to 
measure and manage those risks effectively.


 

商事法

經二  選修  
(2 -2)


本課程乃在於介紹商事法之基礎理論及商事法內含之各該法律。本課程包含四個部份，即公司法、票據法、海商法及保險法。由於社會之經濟活動愈頻繁，通曉商事法實有其必要，同學藉由此課程之學習，俾使瞭解商事法之內涵以及各該法律之具體規範與適用，以其同學能學以致用。

 

BUSINESS  LAW

Sophomore  elective  (2 - 2)

This course introduces basic 
theory of the Commercial Law. Commercial Law cautions four parts, Company Law; 
Law of Bills and Notes(Negotiable Interments); Maritime Law of Insurance. In 
society economic action is more and more, so the student is need to know the 
Commercial Law what it is. By learning this course, the students will realize 
the Commercial Law and its scope of application indeed and take advantages of it 
in the future.


 

投資理論與實務 


經二  選修  
(2 - 2)  


本課程旨在對於投資學領域作一全盤性介紹，包括股票、債券、期貨、選擇權等投資商品之理論與實務，範圍包括國內市場及國際市場。課程內容先教授各投資商品之特性，其次，各投資商品之市場交易實務及遊戲規則，接著教授市場價格決定的各種模型，最後為分析影響投資商品價格的因素及適當的買賣時機，期使學生除了理論，也重視實務，並從教授實際投資個案、事件及學術實證成果，啟發學生對投資商品的邏輯思考，能將知識與經驗合一，獲得整體之觀念，而有助於進一步研究或將來從事工商業工作。

 

THEORY & PRACTICE OF INVESTMENT

Sophomore elective  (2-2)

The aim of the course is to introduce the theory and practice of 
investment comprehensively, including the theory and practice of securities, 
foreign exchanges, futures and options. I take a unified approach to each by 
answering these questions：What are the essential 
features of the instrument？How is the instrument 
bought and sold and how does the market for the instrument operate？ 
What are the basic determinants of investment value？The 
course offers the theoretical analysis method and practice to help students to 
develop an overall concept of investment and to understand the characteristics 
of all kinds of investment commodities.

 

財務經濟學  


經二  選修  
(2 -2)  

本課程的目標是在探討現代企業經理人(financial 
manager)所面臨的投資決策(investment decision)與融資決策(financing 
decision)課題，兼具理論與實務。除介紹一般財務管理的內容外，並包括資本市場行為、運作及企業經濟活動有關的內容。


FINANCIAL ECONOMICS

Sophomore  elective  (2-2)

The objective of the course is to study the investment decisions 
and financing decisions faced by the financial managers in modern corporations. 
It will be concerned with not only financial theories but also practical issues. 
The course will cover general financial topics as well as the behaviors of 
capital markets and the economic activities of modern corporations.


 

財務管理  


經二  選修（2-2）

課程目的：


1.            

激發學習財務知識的興趣


2.            

連結財務領域與其他經濟學領域的知識


3.            

探討財務決策的基本觀念與理論


4.            

將財務的基本理論與觀念運用於解決企業之實務問題


 


FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT 


Sophomore elective  (2-2)

Course Purposes:


1.            

Arouse the interests of learning 
Finance.


2.            

Help building the linkages 
between Finance and Economics.


3.            

Explore the concepts and theories 
of financial decisions making.


4.            

Help applying the theories 
learned to handle the real world financial problems.


 

證券投資分析與實務

經二 選修 （2-2） 



(一)教學目標


已修習過經濟學原理→修畢本課程『證券投資分析與實務』(實務為主、理論為輔)→瞭解證券投資工具(股票市場及債券市場為主)之意義、重要性、分析技巧及投資個案之實務→一方面有益同學未來證券投資相關工作之尋找、一方面有助個人投資理財之規劃。


(二)教學方向


股票投資分析實務方面：自基本面、政策面、資金面、市場面、產業面、個股面、技術面(所謂面面俱到)，去綜合探討股票市場。


債券投資分析實務方面：深入探討總經分析，以期準確預測利率走勢(因為債券投資成敗全在利率之研判)。


 

The stock investment and the practical


Sophomore  elective  (2-2)

Teaching Target:


People who have already studied the economics principle 
→Finish 
this curriculum, which is『The stock investment and the 
practical』(practical first, then the theory )→Well 
know the meaning, importance of the stock investment tool (stock market and 
bonds market at first), analyze the technique and invest the individual cases 
practiced →on one side it helps the related work in 
the future, on the other side it helps the programming of personal investment 
and finance.

Pedagogy: 


Stock investment analysis is to probe into the 
stock market based on influence of fundamental aspect, political aspect, market 
aspect, industry aspect, stock aspect, and technical aspect.


Bond market 
analysis, to go deep into macro 
economic analysis and forecast the interest rate in the future(the success of 
investment will all be depending on the direction of interest rate). 


 

廠商決策理論與應用 


經二  選修 
(2/2)  


希望可透過此一門課程讓同學們瞭解並學得「制訂決策」的重點與技巧，除此之外，更希望同學們學得團隊合作的精神與應有的正確態度與價值觀。此課程主要是欲探討「廠商決策的重點與技巧」，其內容大致為以下幾點：


（一）     

在現今不確定性高且又複雜的環境下，廠商該如何做出正確的經營管理決策呢？又該如何避免掉入錯誤決策的陷阱呢？


（二）     
如何檢視「思考架構」呢？


（三）     
「組織分工」的重要性


（四）     
垂直與水平兩種思考模式該如何交互運用呢？

在（一）與（二）中大致上是運用一些統計、經濟的基礎概念再加上幾篇實用的文章作為理論的架構，然後再試著將理論與實務作結合與應用。

 

Decision 
Marketing under Uncertainty Model and Choice

Sophomore elective  (2-2)

By this course we hope students 
can learn and understand the important points and skills of 
「how 
to make strategies」. Beside this, we hope students can 
learn more about the spirit of teamwork, and train the correct attitude and 
values in the learning process. This course is to discuss 「how 
to make strategies of companies」. Its content is 
roughly the following：（一）How do companies plan correct 
strategies of management in the environment of high uncertain and complex 
condition? How to avoid falling in traps of making wrong strategies?（二）How 
to review 「the structure of thought」?（三）The 
important concepts and principle of 「the division of 
organization management」（四）How to apply mutually with 
both vertical thought model and horizontal thought model?  In the sections of
（一）and（二）, we roughly use 
some base concepts of statistics and economics, and increase some practical 
articles to be the structure of theory, then we try to combine and apply with 
the theory and practical cases.


 

財經英文會話

經二 選修 （2- 0） 

課程目的：


這門課程的主要目的是在讓學生練習在一般商業場合中所使用的各種口頭會話及其型式。其中包括五個主要領域：社交、電話、會議、商業促銷以及談判。而這門課並不要求學生有特殊的商業知識，而是純粹要加強學生對於聽與說的技巧。而課程中將包括一個由2~3個學生一組的上臺報告。

 

Business 
Conversation [for Economics Majors]

Sophomore elective  (2-0)


Course Objective:


The purpose of the class is to let students practice using the types of English 
oral structures that are commonly used in business. The five key areas that will 
be covered are: Socializing, Telephoning, Meetings, Making Business 
Presentations, and Negotiating. No special knowledge of business terms or 
concepts is required as the course will focus on improving the students’ 
speaking and listening skills. There will be one presentation that will be done 
in groups of 2 – 3 students.

 

財經英文閱讀

經二 選修 （0/2） 


課程目的：


學生再課堂中將學習到一般使用於商業文章的字彙及其表示方式。學生再課堂中需研讀一些商業文章（如經濟學人、華爾街日報、The 
Financial Times等）。而閱讀的主題本身將著重在一些有趣的商業及經濟議題如投資、實質資產市場、品牌、商業規範以及金融歷史等。


而課程計畫將包括針對一間公司的產業情況以及歷史等作出一個完整的報告以及參與一個線上的股票市場模擬遊戲等。

 

Business Reading [for Economics Majors]

Sophomore elective  (0-2)


Course Purpose:


Students will learn English vocabulary and expressions as commonly used in the



business press. Extensive reading of the business press [The Economist, The 
Wall Street Journal, The Financial Times, etc.]  will be required of 
students. Readings will focus on topically interesting business and economic 
issues such as investments, the real estate market, branding, business ethics, 
financial history, etc. Projects / assignments may include following one company 
and its industry throughout the term and making a major report/presentation on 
it and participating in an on-line stock market game.

 

財經資料庫應用分析

經二 選修 （0/2） 



本課程開設目標是為幫助學生，利用經濟與財務資料庫，應用在實務的日常生活與社會面之經濟財務分析。本課程內容將含蓋（1）重要財經資料庫的介紹與使用；（2）各項基本的與深入的經濟財務事務或課題的應用分析（主要指統計分析）；及（3）Excel統計功能與簡單統計軟體的介紹與使用。整學期的上課都是在電腦教室。


 


Application and Analysis of Economic and Financial Databases


Sophomore elective  (0-2)


The course is designed to fit the purpose that students know how to utilize the 
major economic and financial databases and to apply the simple statistical 
techniques to various practical economic and financial issues (either personal 
or social ones). The course will cover the following tasks: 1) Learn to use the 
major economic and financial databases; 2) Apply the simple statistical 
procedures to various practical economic and financial issues; and 3) Learn to 
use the Excel’s statistical functions and other simple statistical software. The 
class will be proceeded in the classroom with computer and multimedia 
apparatuses.


 

總體經濟學

經三  A、D組 
必修 (3/3)  


透過簡單的總體經濟模型觀察一個經濟體系的經濟活動，分析景氣循環的原因及其與經濟體系內一些重要的變數，如失業率、通貨膨脹率間之關連。主要的課題包括：國民所得，物價水準，失業，通貨膨脹，政府政策，國際貿易以及經濟成長等。


Macroeconomics


Junior required (3-3)

This course is to understand 
economic activies in an aggregate level of an economy, such as a nation, by 
establishing a macroeconomic model.  The main topics include national product, 
price level, unemployment, inflation, economic policies, economics growth, and 
international trade.


 

總體經濟學 

經三  C組 必修 
(3 - 3) 


本科目旨在探討總體經濟中最重要的問題：失業、物價膨脹以及經濟成長的決定因素，並對政府總體經濟政策效果加以評估。課程並著重經濟個體的理性行為介紹。講授內容包括：


•國民所得會計


•經濟個體在商品、勞動與資產市場中的理性行為分析

•經濟成長理論（新古典與內生成長模型）


•景氣循環理論（包括古典、凱因斯、貨幣及新古典學派等） 


•通貨膨脹與失業問題

Macroeconomics


Junior  required  (3-3)


   This course discusses the determinants of important macroeconomics topics – 
unemployment, inflation and economic growth. Different government macroeconomic 
policies are evaluated by different macroeconomic theory. 


In addition, the rational behaviors of economic agents in different markets are 
emphasized and introduced as foundations for macroeconomic analysis. The 
contents of this course are


(1)         
National income accounting


(2)         
Rational behavior of economic 
agents in labor, goods and assets markets


(3)         
Economic growth theory 
(neo-classical and endogenous growth models)


(4)         
Business cycle theory (classical, 
Keynesian, new classical and new Keynesian models)


(5)         
Unemployment and inflation


 

總體經濟學 


經三  C組 
必修  


本課程擬對總體經濟學提出一個具有系統的說明，此為兩學期總體經濟理論的課程。


第一學期要討論的議題如下：

第一部分：總體經濟之介紹與測度


1.        
總體經濟簡介


2.        
總體經濟測度


3.        
景氣循環測度

第二部分：單期的總體經濟模型


4.        
消費者與廠商行為：工作與休閒


5.        
單期的封閉總體經濟模型

第三部分：經濟成長


6.        
經濟成長：馬爾薩斯與梭羅


7.        
內生成長中國家的所得不均

 


第二學期要討論的議題如下：

第四部分：儲蓄、政府赤字和投資


8.        
兩期模型：消費與儲蓄的選擇與李嘉圖對等定理


9.        
投資的實質跨期模型

第五部分：貨幣與景氣循環


10.     

貨幣的跨期模型：貨幣中立性


11.     

景氣循環的市場結清模型


12.     

凱因斯景氣循環理論：工資僵固模型

第六部分：國際總體經濟學


13.     

資產與商品的國際交易


14.     

開放經濟的貨幣

 

Macroeconomics


Junior  required  (3-3)

The course offers a systematic 
analysis of macroeconomics. It is a two-semester sequence in macroeconomic 
theory. 


The topics covered in the first semester include：

Part I  Introduction and 
Measurement Issues


1.        
Introduction


2.        
Measurement


3.        
Business cycle measurement

Part II  A One-Period Model of 
the Macroeconomy


4.        
Consumer and firm behavior: the 
work-leisure


5.        
A closed-economy one-period 
macroeconomic model

Part III  Economic Growth


6.        
Economic growth: Malthus and 
Solow


7.        
Income disparity among countries 
and endogenous growth


 


The topics covered in the second semester include：

Part IV  Savings, Government 
Deficits and Investment


8.        
A two-period model: the 
consumption-savings decision and Ricardian Equivalence


9.        
A real intertemporal model with 
investment

Part V  Money and Business Cycles


10.     
A monetary intertemporal model: the neutrality of money


11.     
Market-clearing models of the business cycle


12.     
Keynesian business cycle theory: the sticky wage model

Pare VI  International 
Macroeconomics


13.     
International trade in goods and assets


14.     
Money in the open economy


 

財政學

經三A  必修  
(3-3)  


本學科旨在探討在混合式經濟體系下公共部門之經濟學，內容所涵蓋之範圍不僅包括公共收入之籌集，而且涉及公共支出對資源配置、所得分配與經濟穩定之影響。對各項問題之探討同時兼顧實質面與貨幣面之衝擊，公司兩部門間之交互作用、剖析公共收支對民間部門之影響，若無公共部門之介入則私經濟部門又將如何運作﹖

PUBLIC FINANCE


Junior  required  (3-3)

The discipline deals with the 
economics of the public sector as that sector operates in a mixed system. Its 
operation includes not only financing but bas broad bearing on the level and 
allocation of resource use, the distribution of income, and the level of 
economic activity. Although our subject matter is traditionally referred to as 
public finance, the book thus deals with the real as well as the financial 
aspects of the problem. The public sector operates in interaction with the 
private, both sectors enter the analysis. Not only do the effects of expenditure 
and fax policies depend upon the reaction of the private sector, but the need 
for fiscal measures is determined by how the private sector would perform in 
their absence.


 

財政學

經三B  必修  
(3-3)  


財政學主要在探討政府部門的稅收與支出之活動，及其對個人經濟行為之影響、資源之重新配置以及所得重分配之一門學科。本課程包括如下之主題：福利經濟學之分析架構、公共財、外部性、政治經濟、所得重分配之理論、低收入戶之補助、年金、失業保險、健康保險、成本收益分析、稅收與所得重分配、稅收之效率性與公平性、個人所得稅、公司稅、消費稅、財富稅、以及政府債務等。

PUBLIC FINANCE


Junior  required  (3-3)


Public finance is a course about the taxing and spending activities of 
government. Our focus is on the microeconomic functions of government, the way 
government affects the allocation of resources and the distribution of income. 
This course covers the following subjects: tools of positive analysis, tools of 
normative analysis, public goods, externalities, political economy, income 
redistribution: conceptual issues, expenditure programs for the poor, social 
insurance : social security, unemployment insurance, and health care, 
cost-benefit analysis, taxation and income distribution, taxation and 
efficiency, efficient and equitable taxation, the personal income tax, personal 
taxation and behavior, the corporation tax, deficit finance, taxes on 
consumption and wealth.


 

財政學

經三C  必修  
(3-3)  


本學科旨在探討在混合式經濟體系下公共部門之經濟學，內容所涵蓋之範圍不僅包括公共收入之籌集，而且涉及公共支出對資源配置、所得分配與經濟穩定之影響。對各項問題之探討同時兼顧實質面與貨幣面之衝擊，公司兩部門間之交互作用、剖析公共收支對民間部門之影響，若無公共部門之介入則私經濟部門又將如何運作﹖

PUBLIC FINANCE


Junior  required  (3-3)

The discipline deals with the 
economics of the public sector as that sector operates in a mixed system. Its 
operation includes not only financing but bas broad bearing on the level and 
allocation of resource use, the distribution of income, and the level of 
economic activity. Although our subject matter is traditionally referred to as 
public finance, the book thus deals with the real as well as the financial 
aspects of the problem. The public sector operates in interaction with the 
private, both sectors enter the analysis. Not only do the effects of expenditure 
and fax policies depend upon the reaction of the private sector, but the need 
for fiscal measures is determined by how the private sector would perform in 
their absence.


 

經濟思想史 


經三A、B 
 必修 (2-2)  


經濟思想史旨在探討西方經濟思潮的形成，從前現代政治經濟學延伸至當代經濟學，涵蓋主要的經濟思想家以及各種不同的思想學派，包括主流及非主流學派。使用教材為最新的中英文論文及專書。


HISTORY OF ECONOMIC THOUGHT


Junior  required  (2-2)


This course introduces the sources and factors that drive the evolution of 
modern western economic thoughts. It starts from the pre-modern political 
economy and persists to the contemporary economics. It covers primary great 
economists as well as main schools in the history of economic thought, including 
orthodox and heterodox doctrines. The textbook will be updated English textbook.


 

經濟思想史 


經三C
必修 (2-2)  


一、教學目標


讓學生瞭解，（一）每一個時期經濟學家的經濟思想，都是繼承了前輩所創造的成果和留下來的思想精髓；（二）資本主義經濟思想的發達因素和基本特色。


二、課程內容


本課程以歷史的觀點，有系統地探討西方國家許多重要的經濟學家在經濟思想上的貢獻。另外，對現代主要經濟學家的理論及其思想淵源亦做深度的介紹，俾便學生夠從中獲得經濟思想史方面的基本理論、主要內容和研究方法。


三、實施方式


    

指定一本具有條理、有系統的教科書，依照預定進度講授各經濟學說產生的歷史背景、社會環境及詳細內容；另一方面於教科書的每一章指定專題討論，經由師生的深入互動，深化學生對於學習重點的瞭解，及訓練其分析與整合思考的能力，進而達成本課程之教學目標。


 


HISTORY OF ECONOMIC THOUGHT


Junior  required  (2-2)  Lecturer: Chun-Long Chen, Associate Professor

＊Objectives:

To enable students be aware of 
1.economists’ economic thought in each period inherits the essence and outputs 
created from their seniors; 2. factors that capitalism economic thought prosper 
and its characteristics.

＊Contents:

Based on historical point of 
view, the course discusses systematically many crucial economists’ economic 
thought in the western countries. In addition, there are also in-depth 
introductions on modern economists’ theory and origins. In this way, students 
can acquire knowledge on basic economic theory, major contents and research 
method. 

＊Implementation 
measures:

Through measures of assigning a 
textbook with systematic and logical descriptions and lecturing related detailed 
content, historical background and social environment of each economic thought 
according to syllabus, as well as students’ group discussion on assigned topics 
in each chapter, the course will be well implemented and objectives will be 
achieved. 


 

區域經濟學  


經三  選修  
(2 -2)  


區域經濟學乃把「空間」視為一個向度去重新檢視經濟議題的科目，探討決定經濟活動在空間分佈的因素及其改變所產生的影響。本課程乃區域經濟學的入門。授課內容包括區位理論、聚集經濟、空間定價、都市體系、區域成長、地租、都市土地使用、土地使用管制、住宅問題、都市交通問題等。


 


REGIONAL ECONOMICS


Junior  Elective  (2 -2)

Regional Economics is to treat “space” as a 
dimension to re-examine the issues in economics. This course is to identify the 
factors governing the distribution of economic activities over space and to 
explore the consequences when these factors changes. This course is an 
introduction to regional economics, exploring the distribution of economic 
activities over space. The topics to be covered in the course are Location 
Theory, Agglomeration Economies, Spatial Pricing Theory, Urban Systems, Regional 
Growth, Urban Land Use, Land Use Control, Housing Issues, and Urban 
Transportation Problems.


 

福利經濟學  

經三 
選修  (2-2)


福利經濟學主要研究經濟資源的最適配置，尤其對經濟政策的抉擇更提供理論之基礎，以使社會資源作更有效的運用，避免資源配置失當與浪費。本課程分兩部分：(1)說明福利經濟之概念與衡量方法的理論基礎。(2)分析公共政策的福利效果。

 

Welfare Economics

Junior  elective  (2-2)

Welfare Economics is study of optimum allocation of economic 
resources.  It covers part of economic theory that deals with the problem of 
defining “What is good for the society” and it is also helpful to the economic 
policy concerned with determining the maximum well-being for the society. This 
course includes two parts:(1) Explain the fundamental principles of welfare 
economics and the methods of measuring the social welfare. (2) Analyze the 
welfare effects of public policy.


 

高等統計學

經三  選修  
(2 - 2)  


本課程使大三大四學生能更進一步瞭解機率理論及統計推論，並進而學習如何運用統計方法來作分析研究。內容包含：機率理論及各種機率分配、樣本分配理論、未知母體參數之推估方法及其性質、統計檢定方法、線性迴歸模型分析及其推估方法。


Advanced Statistics

Junior  elective  (2-2)


"The intent of the course is to provide junior or senior students in economic 
department with advanced knowledge in probability theory and statistical 
inference.

This course will cover the 
following areas: empirical and probability distribution, probability, discrete 
distribution, continuous distribution, multivariable distribution, sampling 
distribution theory, estimation, tests of statistical hypotheses and the theory 
of statistical inference.


 

計量經濟學  


經三  A組 
選修  (2 - 2)  


本科目旨在介紹計量經濟理論及其應用，使學生瞭解如何利用統計學的迴歸分析從事經濟理論的實證分析。講授內容包括：(1)統計相關理論的複習 
(2)單一方程式模型之設定、估計及推論，並討論模型各樣基本假設不能滿足時的解決方法；(3)如何運用電子計算機來作各種估計和預測。


ECONOMETRICS

Junior elective  (2-2)


The objective of this course is to introduce the basic econometric theory and 
its applications so that the students know how to analyze economic problems with 
regression analysis. It’ll cover (1) a review of some relevant statistics (2) 
the specification, estimation and prediction of single equation models, and the 
solutions to violations of some basic assumptions. (3) application of software 
package to make estimations and predictions of econometric models.


 

計量經濟學  


經三  B組 
選修  (2 - 2)  


本科目旨在介紹計量經濟理論及其應用，使學生瞭解如何利用統計學的迴歸分析從事經濟理論的實證分析。講授內容包括：(1)單一方程式模型之設定、估計及推論，並討論模型各樣基本假設不能滿足時的解決方法；(2)聯立方程式模型之簡單介紹。教學時除著重計量方法之分析和解釋外，也指導學生運用電子計算機來作各種估計和預測。


ECONOMETRICS

Junior  elective  (2-2)


The objective of this course is to introduce the basic econometric theory and 
its applications so that the students know how to analyze economic problems with 
regression analysis. It’ll cover (1) the specification, estimation and 
prediction of single equation models, and the solutions to violations of some 
basic assumptions. (2) Introduction of the simultaneous models (3) application 
of software package to make estimations and predictions of econometric models.


 

 

數理經濟學  


經三  選修  
(3 ─ 3)  


本科目旨在訓練學生進階的數學分析經濟學的能力，重點以經濟動態分析方法為主。講授內容包括積分與經濟的應用、線性一階差分方程式、非線性一階差分方程式、線性二階差分方程式、線性一階微分方程式、非線性一階微分方程式、線性二階微分方程式、差分與微分的聯立方程式、最適控制理論。

 

MATHEMATICAL ECONOMICS

Junior  Elective  (2 ─ 2)

The objective of this course is to enhance the students’ ability to 
analyze economics using advanced mathematical method. The topics to be covered 
in the course are Integration and Economics Applications, Linear, First-Order 
Difference Equations, Nonlinear First-Order Difference Equations, Linear 
Second-Order Difference Equations, Linear First-Order Differential Equations, 
Nonlinear First-Order Differential Equations, Linear Second-Order Differential 
Equations, Simultaneous Systems of Differential and Difference Equations, and 
Optimal Control Theory.


 


經濟專題討論 (A)  

經三 選修（2-0） 


經濟專題討論(A)主要在探討「進口救濟制度--國際貿易政策與產業競爭策略」，瞭解WTO（世界貿易組織）組織架構及其運作，探討我國加入WTO最新進展及影響評估與因應對策，進口救濟制度實施之意義、沿革及其發展，我國平衡稅及反傾銷稅與進口救濟制度之運作方式及採行貿易或產業調整協助等救濟措施之規範，與WTO之反傾銷協定、補貼及平衡措施協定與防衛條款有關之最新發展作有系統介紹，期能瞭解我國在打開全球國家（地區）之市場管道之同時，抵制國際保護主義壓力對國內受害產業提供適度之暫時性「安全閥」救濟工具之運用，作為理論與實務兼修之入階，藉以瞭解國家經濟政策運作方向，期能將來進入社會服務貢獻所學。


 


Economic Special Topic (I) 

Junior  elective  
（2-0）

The main objective of Economic Special Topics (I) “International 
Trade Policy and Industrial Competition strategy” is to Understand the organic 
structure and its operation of World Trade Organization (WTO) comprehensive 
scope will definitely hasten the trade liberalization process and facilitate 
world trade in the future. It is possible that some domestic industries may face 
stringent competition from foreign counterparts. In general the current import 
relief program of Taiwan is consistent with WTO principles, although there are 
some procedures which need to be altered. The direction of future modifications 
in Taiwan’s safeguard provisions and antidumping & countervailing duties. 
Consequently, an import relief is required to the function as temporary “safe 
values” to alleviate the shock of trade liberalization. It could hopefully 
provide an environment in which injured domestic industries are able to make 
some structural adjustments so as to compete with foreign businesses. We hope 
creat could though this training program which contribution to our society.

 


經濟專題討論 (B) 

經三 
選修（0-2）  


我國已正式加入世界貿易組織（WTO），「經濟專題討論(II)--國際貿易政策與產業競爭策略」主要在探討美國、歐盟、澳洲、加拿大、中國大陸、韓國、日本、越南、紐西蘭、菲律賓、印尼等主要國家之進口救濟制度與實義，及其與我國與世界貿易組織烏拉圭回合協定下主要貿易國之制度作乙比較，期能瞭解各國進口救濟制度在貿易自由化政策發展過程中所扮演「安全閥」及促進產業轉移調整的角色，進而能建立一套國內法中客觀可行之運行程序及合理救濟制度，減少對貿易流量造成扭曲，使市場競爭更趨公平合理。

 

Economic Special Topics (II) 

Junior  elective  
（0-2）

We have joined the World Trade Organization（WTO）The 
establishment of an import relief system that abide by WTO agreement is the 
right and duty of any WTO contracting party. This course is aimed at studying 
the International Trade Policy changed which affected industrial competition 
Strategy Also, we compare the safeguards law and practice of USA, EU, Australia, 
Canada, Mainland China, Korea, Japan, Vietnan, Newzealand, phillippine, 
Indonesia as well as the rule of WTO safeguards agreement, so as to understand 
the “safety valve” and industry adjustment roles under safeguards system of each 
country in the free trade environment. Eventually, we will reduce trade flow an 
applicable and suitable import relief system, which cause distortion and 
maintains a fair trade circumstance.

 

賽局理論與應用

經三  選修  
(2 ─ 2)  

本課程介紹賽局論的基礎觀念，主要內容包括：一.靜態完全資訊--策略式賽局之定義，耐許均衡，混合策略，以及經濟應用例子：囚犯困境、投票賽局等。二.靜態不完全資訊—貝氏賽局，策略及貝氏耐許均衡，應用：拍賣與投標，唐榮案例。三.動態完全資訊：詳盡式賽局，定義與策略，序列理性，反向歸納與子賽局完美均衡，重複賽局與長期合作關係，動態廠商行為賽局。四.動態不完全資訊賽局：一致信念與貝氏完美均衡，傳訊賽局，代理人賽局。

 

The Theories and Application of Game 
Theory

Junior elective (2 - 2)

This course introduces basic 
definitions and concept of game theory. I. Static complete information—Strategic 
form game: Nash equilibrium, mixed strategy and economic applications: 
prisoners’ dilemma game, voting game. II. Static incomplete information—Bayesian 
game: strategy and Bayesian Nash equilibrium, applications including auction and 
bidding, case study of Teng-Eng Iron Company. III. Dynamic complete 
information—extensive form game: definition and strategy, sequential 
rationality, backward induction and subgame perfect Nash equilibrium, repeated 
game and long term cooperation, dynamic firm behavior. IV. Dynamic incomplete 
information game: consistent belief and perfect Bayesian equilibrium, signaling 
game , principal agent game.

 

消費者行為研究

經三  選修  
(2 - 2)  


希望透過此一門課程可讓同學們學習，如何藉著瞭解消費者心目中的認知與偏好，進而擬訂廠商的行銷策略；並藉著分析現今消費者行為實際個案，讓同學們不僅可以活用理論且亦能夠瞭解消費行為與市場的動向，訓練同學們從外而內的思考方式。除此之外，更希望同學們能學得團隊合作的精神與應有的正確態度與價值觀。其內容大致如下：（一）廠商實際個案市場定位分析（二）消費者行為類型分析（三）產品組合分析（四）行銷研究多變量分析（五）市場機會缺口分析。

 


Consumer’s Behavior Study

Junior elective (2 - 2)

By this course we hope students 
can learn how to know the sense and the preference of consumers in mind, then 
decide the company's marketing strategy further. By analyzing the practical case 
of consumer's behavior, students not only apply theories in the practical case 
but also know more about the consumer's behavior and the trend of market. To 
train the students how to use the thinking method from outside into inside. 
Beside this, we hope students can learn more about the spirit of teamwork, and 
train the correct attitude and values in the learning process.  Its content is 
roughly the following：

（一）Analysis 
Market Position by Manufacturer's Practical Case

（二）Analysis 
the Perception and Preference by Customers' Behavior Model

（三）Analysis 
Products Mix by BCG Model

（四）Marketing 
Research by Multi-Variation Analysis

（五）Analysis the Gap by Marketing Opportunity 
Model

 

經濟法規 (A) (B)

經三  選修  
(2/0)(0/2)


經濟法規乃架構在以國民全體經濟利益為最高指導原則下，強化企業經濟活動之運作，以求增進全民福祉。


本課程分上、下兩學期，教授項目包括銀行法、公平交易法、消費者保護法及智慧財產權法等與經濟相關之法規範。

ECONOMIC REGULATIONS (A) (B)

Junior elective (2 - 0) (0 - 2)

The framework of Economic Laws is mainly focesing on the economic 
interests of people live in the society. Through regulation on the coporations’ 
economic activities so as to two semesters, including Banking Law, Anti-trust 
Law, consumer protection Law, Patern Law, Trademark Law, Copyright Law and any 
other regulations related to economic affairs.

 


財務經濟專題研究

經三  選修  
(2 － 2)  


本課程接續「財務經濟學」課程，為有興趣於財務、投資理論的同學，提供專題式與較深入的研討，主要上課內容為選擇權與期貨。本課程並將提供利用電腦統計軟體與台灣財務資料庫的實作與應用。


Topics in Financial Economics

Junior elective (2 - 2)


The course following Financial Economics provided in the previous semester is to 
investigate the issues on futures and options markets in the way as introducing 
preliminary financial engineering. It will require practical exercises, using 
financial databases and some software.

 

經濟與商情預測

經三  選修 
（3-0）  

本課程的主要目標如下：


u          
介紹經濟與商情預測的方法與工具


u          
如何選擇適當的預測方法和工具


u          
如何適當的使用這些預測工具與方法

因此，本課程將大部分集中於數量方面的預測，且特別強調：


u          
迴歸分析


u          
指數平滑技術


u          
自我迴歸移動平均整合模型

這些方法是現代經濟與商情預測者所應瞭解的基本工具。

 

ECONOMIC AND BUSINESS FORECASTING

Junior elective (3 - 0)

The main objectives of this 
course are:


u          
to introduce the methodology and 
technique of economic and business forecasting


u          
to select the appropriate 
methodological tools


u          
to use these tools in an 
appropriate way

Thus, this course will 
concentrate heavily on quantitative approaches to forecasting. In particular, 
two course will emphasize on three approaches:


u          
Regression analysis


u          
Exponential smoothing


u          
ARIMA models

All of the above – mentioned 
approaches should be understood by modern Economic & business forecasters.

 

財經新聞製作與分析

經三  選修  
(0 － 2)  


一、授課目標：使學生瞭解財經專業報紙的組織與運作模式，財經新聞記者的待遇、升遷與生涯規劃，講授財經新聞報導分析與評論，所需之專業知識。增加經濟系學生的職場競爭力。

二、授課內容：1.報社的組織運作。2.財經報紙的經營管理。3.行情表的製作與解讀。4.新聞發展趨勢與研判。5.專欄與社論寫作。6.財經記者的生涯規劃。

 

Economic news editing & analysis

Junior elective (0 - 2)

1. Purpose of Instruction:

To understand the operations of professional 
financial newspaper’s office; to know the financial journalist’s salary, 
promotion, and career’s plan. Figure out newspaper report’s analysis and 
comments; improving the business students’ competitive advantage.

2. Contents:

(1) The progress and procedure of newspaper office.

(2) Financial newspaper’s operation and management.

(3) The components and explanations of market index and 
quotation.

(4) The trends of news’ development and judgments.

(5) The writings of feature and editorial.

(6) Financial pressman’s career plan.

 

理財分析與實務

經三  選修  
(2 - 2)  


隨著金融商品的創新與多元化發展，近年來理財規劃服務已成為金融業的重要業務項目，因此擁有足夠理財知識與規劃能力蔚為金融市場潮流。為讓學生能瞭解理財規劃的基本架構與實務運用，並通過台灣金融研訓院的理財規劃人員考試，本課程涵蓋理財工具運用及理財規劃實務。內容有「金融機構的功能與規範」、「債券與股票投資」、「共同基金」、「衍生性金融商品」、「保險與信託」、「理財規劃流程」、「個人或家庭財務報表的編製與分析」、「現金流量管理」、「租屋、購屋與換屋規劃」、「子女養育與教育金規劃」、「退休規劃」、「投資策略運用」及「全方位理財規劃」。此外，為使學生更進一步瞭解實務操作，本課程也提供學生到企業參訪的機會。

 

The 
theory and practice of financial planning

Junior elective (2 - 2)


With the innovation and diversification of financial products, personal 
financial planning becomes one of the most important businesses in financial 
industry.  College graduates equipped with adequate financial planning knowledge 
and abilities will gain lots of advantages.  The purpose of this course is to 
introduce the framework and practice in financial planning.  It also assists 
students to get the license of Financial Planner awarded by Taiwan Academy of 
Banking and Finance.  


This course consists of financial tools application and financial planning 
practice.    It includes the following topics:


1.  The function and regulation of financial institutions


2.  The investment of bonds and stocks


3.  Mutual fund


4.  Financial derivatives


5.  Insurance and trust     


6.  The flowchart of financial planning


7.  The preparation and analysis of family financial statement


8.  The management of cash flow


9.  Housing financial planning


10.   Children rearing financial planning


11.  Retirement financial planning


12. The strategy of investment 


Comprehensive financial planning
This course also provides the opportunities for financial corporation visits.

 

財經新聞寫作 


經三 選修 （2-0） 



授課目標：本課程希望透過深入認識經濟指標，正確解讀財經新聞，使學生能


在既有的經濟學理優勢上，以深入淺出的筆調撰寫財經新聞，宏觀曉暢的思維

分析財經問題、藉以提升經濟系學生的職場競爭力。

授課內容：

（1）認識經濟指標

（2）財經新聞的撰寫

（3）財經新聞的分析

（4）當前新聞的解讀

（5）歷史新聞的回顧

 

Economic 
news writing


Junior elective (2 - 0)


Major topics in this course：

（1）Introduction 
to economic indicators

（2）Economic 
news writing

（3）Economic 
news analysis

（4）Current 
news discussion

（5）Review 
of economic news

　

教育經濟與政策
經三 選修 (0/3) 
本門課主要的目標在培育學生對人力與教育資源分配及教育政策等問題之分析能力。我們希望從經濟學的角度來分析教育之多面向，包括教育之市場、成本、投資、消費、經費、規模及資源分配等課題，課堂中並將對相關之教育政策加以剖析。
　

Educational Economics and policy
Junior Elective (0/3)
The main goal of this course is to cultivate student’s ability on analyzing 
human and educational resource allocation as well as educational policies. We 
hope to investigate the multiple dimensions of education from the perspective of 
economist. The topics of this course will cover educational market, cost, 
investment, consumption, scale and resource allocation. Contemporary educational 
policies will also be analyzed in the class.

兩岸經貿關係專題討論
經四 選修 （3/0）
兩岸經貿關係是台灣經濟發展的關鍵影響因素。本課程以專題討論方式協助學生瞭解兩岸經貿發展的趨勢及相關課題，課程內容涵蓋：
1. 中國大陸經濟趨勢及對台灣的影響
2. 兩岸經貿發展及相關課題
3. 兩岸貿易及台商大陸投資
4. 兩岸協商與兩岸經貿關係正常化
5. 兩岸經濟合作架構協議（ECFA）相關課題
6. 兩岸經貿關係發展的非經濟因素
　

Topics on Cross-Strait Economic 
Relations 
Senior Elective (3/0)
The cross-strait economic relations are the most decisive influence on Taiwan’s 
economic development. This course is designed to assist students to understand 
the trends of cross-strait economic relations and related issues. Followings are 
contents of this course:
1. The trend of China’s economy and its impact on Taiwan
2. The development of cross-strait economic relations and related issues
3. The cross-strait trade and Taiwanese investment in China
4. Cross-strait negotiations and normalization on cross-strait economic 
relations
5. Related issues on ECFA (Cross-Strait Economic Cooperation Framework 
Agreement) 
6. Non-economic factors behind cross-strait economic relations
　

國際經濟學  


經四A  必修  
(3 - 3)  


本課程講授國際經濟學重要理論及當前國際金融問題，包括國際貿易理論與政策，及國際金融兩部分，前者涵蓋國際貿易理論、經濟成長與國際貿易、貿易政策，後者涵蓋國際收支平衡表、外匯市場、匯率的決定理論、固定匯率與浮動匯率制度下的總體經濟政策、開放經濟體系物價與產出、最適通貨區域、國際金融市場與工具，以及國際貨幣制度。

 

INTERNATIONAL ECONOMICS


Senior  required  (3-3)

This course provides the major theories in international economics 
and current international financial issues. It comprises international trade 
theory and policy, and international finance. The former covers the 
international trade theories, economic growth and international trade, and 
international trade policy. The latter covers balance of payments account, 
foreign exchange market, exchange rates determination, macroeconomic policy 
under the fixed and flexible exchange system, output and price in the open 
economy, optimum currency area, international financial markets and instruments, 
and current international monetary arrangements. 


 

 

國際經濟學  


經四B、C 
必修  (3 ─ 3)  


本課程旨在講授國際經濟學重要理論及問題，期使學生瞭解並評估國際經濟現況。教學內容包括國際貿易與國際金融兩部分，其中國際貿易討論國際貿易理論、經濟成長與國際貿易、貿易政策，國際金融則探討外匯市場、匯率的決定、浮動匯率制度下的總體經濟政策與調整、最適通貨區域與歐洲經驗、國際資本市場、開發中國家債務問題等主題。此外，如何將國際經濟理論應用在現實主要國際經濟問題之分析亦是本課程主要特色之一。

INTERNATIONAL ECONOMICS


Senior  required  (3-3)

    This course mainly provides the most important theories and an 
up-to-date analytical framework on international economics for illuminating 
current events.  It is divided into two halves, a one-semester course on trade 
theory and a one-semester course on international monetary economics.

    The course on trade theory covers international trade theories, 
economic growth and international economics, international trade policy.

    International monetary economics covers several topics 
including (1)exchange rates and the foreign exchange market, (2) exchange rates 
determination, (3)macroeconomic policy and coordination under floating exchange 
rates, (4)optimum currency areas and the European experience, (5)global capital 
market, (6)debt problem in developing countries.


    The application of international economics in current events is also 
emphasized in this course.


 

管理經濟學  


經四  選修  
(2 - 2)  


本科目主要在探討如何將個體經濟理論應用在消費者行為分析和企業經營決策上，結合經濟理論及統計計量的分析，探討如何有效解決企業面對的問題，幫助學生熟悉經濟概念並靈活的運用在不同產業結構下廠商的決策分析。


 


MANAGERIAL ECONOMICS

Senior elective  (2 - 2)

Managerial Economics brings together topics in microeconomics that 
can be applied to business decision making in various market structures. The 
objective of Managerial Economics is to help students understand and predict the 
economic forces shaping real-world business decisions and develop overall 
analytical skills of student.


 

勞動經濟學  


經四  選修  
(2 -2)  


本課程著重理論與實務的討論，先回顧勞動市場的現象，再試圖以理論來解釋。包含的主題有勞動供給、勞動需求、勞動均衡、補償薪資差異、人力資本投資、勞動力遷徙、勞動市場歧視與工作動機。

LABOR ECONOMICS

Senior elective (2 - 2)

This course reviews stylized 
facts in labor markets and tries to use theories to explain these facts. Topics 
discussed include labor supply, labor demand, labor market equilibrium, wage 
differential, human capital and investment, labor mobility, labor market 
discrimination, and work incentives.

 


貨幣理論與政策

經四 
選修  (2 -2)  


1.  
貨幣理論與政策之簡介


2.  
古典學派與凱因斯學派之比較


3.  
各種貨幣需求理論之分析


4.  
各種貨幣供給理論之分析


5.  
凱因斯學派的改革論點


6.  
凱因斯一般理論的貨幣理論

 

Monetary Theory and Policy

Senior elective (2 - 2)


1.    
An Introduction to Monetary 
Theory and Policy.


2.    
The Static Classical and 
Keynesian Models.


3.    
The Theories of Demand for Money.


4.    
The Theories of Supply for Money.


5.    
The Keynesian Revolutions.


6.    
The Keynes’ General Theory as 
Monetary Theory

 


商業銀行經營  

經四  選修  
(2 -2)  


本課程係探討商業銀行的產品、金融法令政策及經營與管理，並研究個人信託與法人信託的發展。除了書本上理論的探討外，並就實際的營運現象予以研究，期使學員能對商業銀行業務有更深層的認識與瞭解。
　


THE MANAGEMENT OF COMMERCIAL 
BANKING

Senior elective (2 - 2)

This course researches 
into the commercial bank products, government regulation policies and bank 
operation and management. It also researches into the development of the 
personal trust and corporate trust. Not only discussed the theory in the book 
but also studied the operating phenomenon in practice, so that students could 
get deeper insights and understandings of commercial banking business.

 

國際政治經濟學 


經四  選修  
(2 - 2)  


本科目旨在探討國際經濟與國際政治之互動,涵蓋項目包括:國際政治經濟體系，國際政治經濟學之研究取徑,援外政策，經濟製裁，外人投資，智慧財產權,貿易政策之決定理論,國際合作｡

 

INTERNATIONAL POLITICAL ECONOMICS

Senior elective (2 - 2)

This course is aimed at the exploration on the interactions between 
international economy and international politics. Subjects covered include 
system of international political economy, research approaches to international 
political economy, foreign aid, economic sanction, foreign investment, 
intellectual property rights, trade policies, and international cooperation.

 

產業經濟學  


經四  選修  
(2 - 2) 
產業經濟學下學期的課程重點在於賽局理論，利用賽局理論的觀點探討廠商間的兢爭關係。
我們所熟知的廠商競爭策略有數量競爭、價格競爭以及非價格競爭。廠商之間的非價格競爭包括：廣告、研發以及專利權等，上述的議題我們透過Cournot模型、Bertrand模型以及Hotelling模型加以介紹。廠商間除了競爭的議題外，尚有水平整合與垂直整合的議題。目前臺灣的銀行業正在整合的工作，其整合屬於水平整合，整合後的效果為何？我們可以由產業經濟理論洞燭先機。

總之，本課程除產業經濟理論的介紹外，更希望將理論與實務結合。


Industrial Economics (Undergraduate) 

Senior elective (2 - 2)

During second semester, we put a key point on 
game theory in this course (Industrial Economics).  We discuss a competitive 
relationship among firms by game theory.

The firms’ competitive strategies have quantity competition, 
price competition and non-price competition.  The non-price competition involves 
advertisements, R&D and patents, etc.  We use Cournot model, Bertrand model and 
Hotelling model to introduce about mentioned issues.  Besides a competitive 
issue, we will also discuss the issues of horizontal merger and vertical 
merger.  The bank industry in Taiwan is engaged in a job of merger.  It belongs 
to a horizontal merger.  We are interested that what the effect is after 
merger?  We may get some viewpoints using the industrial economics theory.

To sum up, besides the industrial economics theory involves in 
this course, we also hope that the theory and the practice could be combined.

 

法律經濟學

經四  選修  
(2 - 2)  


法律是有國家強制力為後盾的行為規範。除了維護正義之外，法律還可以在社會上發揮下列功能：1.作為改變行為的誘因以及2.作為追求政策目標的工具。法律經濟學是科際整合性領域。本課程以經濟學決策分析為工具，研究1.不同規範可能造成人們不同的行為反應；以及2.規範應如何設計以達成某政策目標。授課內容包含：財產權法，契約法、侵權法等相關議題之經濟分析。

 

LAW AND ECONOMICS

Senior elective  (2-2)

Law is behavior rule enforced by state sanction system. Besides 
pursuing social justice, law can serve other purposes such as 1. providing 
incentives for changing behavior, and 2. providing instruments to pursue policy 
objectives. This course is an interdisciplinary study. With economic analysis as 
tools, we study 1.People’s behavioral responses to different rules, and 2. How 
should the rules be designed to achieve social goals? This course covers the 
economic analysis of property law, contract law and tort law 

 

國際經濟專題討論  


經四 選修 （2-2） 


本課程為兩學期國際經濟專題討論課程，將對國際金融理論提供一個具有系統性的架構。上學期課程中，首先要討論國際收支帳的問題，同時也將介紹外匯市場與貿易彈性；其次要探討國民所得與貿易收支；接著則說明總體支出、匯率與政策搭配的問題，而貨幣、物價與國際收支之間的關係亦將在此部分予以討論。最後分析小型開放經濟體系的非貿易財模型。下學期的課程中，首先要討論國際資本不完全移動下的Mundell-Fleming模型，同時也將介紹國際資本完全移動下的總體經濟政策效果；其次要探討金融市場危機；接著則說明在國際間的政策協調問題，而總合供給與通貨膨脹之間的關係亦將在此部分予以討論。最後分析預期、貨幣與匯率之間的關聯性。

 

Seminar 
on international economics

Senior elective  (2-2)

This course is a two-semester sequence seminar in 
international economics. It focuses on international money and finance in an 
academic year. 

In the first semester of this course, we start with a detailed 
analysis of the balance of payments accounts. A description of the foreign 
exchange market and trade elasticities in the second part. The third part 
introduce the national income and the  trade balance. In the fourth part, the 
issues of spending, exchange rate and policy assignment will be discussed. In 
addition, we will incorporate money supply, price level and the balance of 
payment. The small open economies with non-traded goods will be introduced in 
the final part.

In the second semester of this course, we start with a 
detailed analysis of the Mundell-Fleming model with partial international 
capital mobility. A description of fiscal and monetary polices under modern 
financial market conditions in the second part. The third part introduce the 
crises in emerging markets. In the fourth part, the issues of interdependence 
and policy coordination will be discussed. In addition, we will incorporate 
supply, inflation, expectations, monetary and foreign exchange rate in the final 
part.

 

政治經濟學

經四  選修  
(2 - 2)  


政治經濟學旨在探討國家或政府對經濟的乾預和後果。本課程將以前現代／現代／後現代為基本架構，討論國家、經濟、生產方式、消費形態、相關政策、文化現象、全球化的政治經濟特性等課題。本學年上學期將包括下列之主題和進度：（一）政治和政策的思考模型；（二）現代國家和現代經濟的形成；（三）現代大眾生產方式（福特主義）的形成和現代大眾消費之特性；預算和外貿政策之特性。本學年下學期的主題和進度︰（一）社會福利、環保、後冷戰時期的國防和國安政策；（二）後福特主義、後工業社會、後現代社會；（三）文化現象和文化創意產業；（四）全球化和「金磚四國」的啟示。


International Political Economics

Senior elective  (2-2)

The main theme of Political 
Economy is to explore the impacts and consequences of state on economic affairs. 
Accordingly, in the time frame of per-modern, modern, and post-modern, this 
course will discuss the nature of state, the formation of modern economy, the 
ways of industrial production (Fordism and industrialism), consumerism and 
culture phenomena. , some related political-economic policies, and globalization 
in terms of BRICs. 
　



國立交通大學機構典藏：運用Dunning 的折衷理論分析台灣電子製造廠商赴大陸直接投資決策
































































Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.
Skip navigation
















目前位置：國立交通大學機構典藏
學術出版
畢業論文






















標題: 運用Dunning 的折衷理論分析台灣電子製造廠商赴大陸直接投資決策Foreign Direct Investment Decision Analysis of Taiwanese Electronic Manufacturing Companies in Mainland China using Dunning's Electic Framework
作者: 娜塔莉Natalia Iveth Portugal Urquidi唐瓔璋Tang, Ying-Chan企業管理碩士學程
關鍵字: 國外投資;OLI架構;電子產業;Dunning理論;市場障礙;決策理論;Foreign Direct Investment;OLI Framework;Electronics Industry;Dunning Theory;Market Entry;Decision Making
公開日期: 2011
摘要: Organizations looking to operate in international markets need to make the most important decision in order to select the best mode of entry choice into foreign markets. The incorrect choice of entry mode is likely to have severe long-term consequences for a firm, having a great impact on performance, competitive advantage and future business opportunities. A firm must assess before entering a particular market the potential factors that play a significant role during the process of decision making for the potential market selection. The following study analyzes the foreign direct investment decisions in relation of choice of entry mode of Taiwanese companies in the Electronics Manufacturing Industry. To conduct this study the Eclectic Framework of Dunning was used to identify the OLI factors (Ownership, Location and Internalization) that have influence on the decision making process of entry mode in the Chinese Market for  this specific industry. Some outcomes of this study reveal that a wholly owned subsidiary mode is preferred by Taiwanese companies if a firm is large in size, if it possesses higher power assets; if the host market provides environment for cheap production factors and the political constraints are low and allow the firm to reach economies of scale. In this study throughout the ownership, location and internalization factors of the OLI model the preference for equity modes has been once again demonstrated.Organizations looking to operate in international markets need to make the most important decision in order to select the best mode of entry choice into foreign markets. The incorrect choice of entry mode is likely to have severe long-term consequences for a firm, having a great impact on performance, competitive advantage and future business opportunities. A firm must assess before entering a particular market the potential factors that play a significant role during the process of decision making for the potential market selection. The following study analyzes the foreign direct investment decisions in relation of choice of entry mode of Taiwanese companies in the Electronics Manufacturing Industry. To conduct this study the Eclectic Framework of Dunning was used to identify the OLI factors (Ownership, Location and Internalization) that have influence on the decision making process of entry mode in the Chinese Market for  this specific industry. Some outcomes of this study reveal that a wholly owned subsidiary mode is preferred by Taiwanese companies if a firm is large in size, if it possesses higher power assets; if the host market provides environment for cheap production factors and the political constraints are low and allow the firm to reach economies of scale. In this study throughout the ownership, location and internalization factors of the OLI model the preference for equity modes has been once again demonstrated.
URI: http://140.113.39.130/cdrfb3/record/nctu/#GT079988540http://hdl.handle.net/11536/51007
顯示於類別：畢業論文




















IR@NCTUTAIRCrossRef台灣汽車業大陸投資進入模式之研究 / 莊國材;Kwo-tsai Chuang;王克陸;Dr. Keh-Luh Wang電蝕/化成鋁箔產業最適中國投資區位決策模式之研究 / 柯村忺;Ko ,Steve-T.H.;鍾惠民;蕭子誼;Chung,Hui-Min台灣半導體業海外直接投資之整合模型 / 江怡慧;洪志洋Determinants of Manufacturing Location in China: An Examination of Taiwan-invested Electronics Assembly Plants / Lo, Woei;Niu, Han-Jen;Yang, Chyan;Wang, Yau-De巴拿馬三大工程的影響和投資機會 / 莫潤玲;虞孝成進入國際市場之決策訂定-以台灣銀行業為例 / 施翠倚;Shih Tsui Yii;張力元;Charles V. Trappey外人直接投資越南的決定因素 / 阮娜娜;Nguyen, Thi Nga;虞孝成;Yu, Hsiao Cheng國立成功大學 - 台灣上市上櫃電子業廠商首次投資中國大陸行為之動態研究──事件史分析法之應用 / 廖育德; Liao, Yu-Te 國立臺灣大學 - 台商大陸投資營運與籌資決策之研究 / 黃景重; Huang, Ching-Chung 國立臺灣科技大學 - 台灣50 ETF的投資決策－模糊理論之應用 / 張家旺 國立臺灣科技大學 - 台灣50 ETF的投資決策－模糊理論之應用 / 張家旺 國立政治大學 - 匯率不確定性與海外直接投資時機之選擇---實質選擇權賽局理論之應用與台灣廠商之實證 / 陳坤銘 中華大學 - 運用蟻元理論在股票投資決策與投資風險分析之研究 / 楊雅玲, Loading...












國立交通大學機構典藏：學術出版































Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.
Skip navigation
















目前位置：國立交通大學機構典藏






學術出版
: [108112]




























類別


專利資料

技術報告

教師專書

會議論文

期刊論文

畢業論文

研究計畫




探索


作者
570 
楊千495 
Kuo, Hao-Chung446 
陳光華374 
張翼349 
林進燈327 
Lin, Chin-Teng322 
陳安斌320 
吳重雨318 
李榮貴317 
孫春在.
下一步 >

關鍵字
449 
類神經網路424 
GaN423 
INFORMATION422 
電子工程419 
ELECTRONIC-ENGINEERING408 
 329 
氮化鎵301 
薄膜電晶體293 
OFDM275 
電腦.
下一步 >

公開日期
83654 
2000 - 201724454 
1911 - 1999









國立交通大學機構典藏：畢業論文































Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds.
Skip navigation
















目前位置：國立交通大學機構典藏
學術出版






畢業論文
: [47103]


























類別內的文件 (依公開日期由降冪排序排序)： 從 1 到 20 筆，總共 47103 筆


 下一頁 >




公開日期標題作者2016基於位置感知非侵入式負載監測之建築能源管理系統簡子陽; Chien, Tzu-Yang; 曹孝櫟; Tsao, Shiao-Li; 資訊科學與工程研究所
2016以網格為基礎的鄰近密集區域查詢之研究蘇庭昱; Su,Ting-Yu; 黃俊龍; 資訊科學與工程研究所
2016標記有根樹的計數問題楊凱帆; Yang, Kai-Fan; 傅恆霖; 劉樹忠; Fu, Hung-Lin; Liu, Shu-Chung; 應用數學系所
2015元件佈局相關之寄生效應和參數萃取方法應用於奈米射頻CMOS模擬及雜訊分析羅毅人; Lou, Yi-Jen; 郭治群; Guo, Jyh-Chyurn; 電子工程學系 電子研究所
2015整合Kinect與加速規量化臨床Tinetti量表參數黃巖閔; Huang, Yan-Min; 楊秉祥; Yang, Bing-Shiang; 機械工程系所
2015錶面氧化層對鍺化鎳奈米線錶面形貌的影響陳佩玟; Chen, Pei-Wen; 周苡嘉; Chou, Yi-Chia; 電子物理系所
2015高效率平面式微光學聚光器李勝儀; 潘瑞文; 光電科技學程
2015兩岸服務貿易協議對台灣電影產業影響-以文化例外出發討論洪灝淩; Hung, Hao-Ling; 陳在方; Chen, Tsai-Fang; 科技法律研究所
2015漢語「人家」的語意解釋李靜汶; Li, Ching-Wen; 林若望; Lin, Jo-Wang; 外國語文學系外國文學與語言學碩士班
2015浴缸內外高低差對進出浴缸動作跌倒風險的影響黃健祐; 楊秉祥; 機械工程系所
2015耗散奈米線中接近量子相變點的非平衡電子傳輸行為林照蘊; Lin, Chao-Yun; 仲崇厚; Chung, Hou-Chung; 電子物理系所
2015新竹市水源里地方守護的形成與轉化（1980-2014）林威廷; Lin, Wei-Ting; 莊雅仲; Chuang,Ya-Chung; 人文社會學系族群與文化碩士班
2015氧化鋅奈米柱陣列長度與液晶預傾角關係之研究陳睦哲; Chen, Mu-Zhe; 鄭協昌; Jeng, Shie-Chang; 影像與生醫光電研究所
2015藉由解剖學治療學及化學分類系統與同源藥理揭露非癌症藥物於癌症治療曾仁琥; Tseng, Jen-Hu; 楊進木; Yang, Jinn-Moon; 生物資訊及系統生物研究所
2015整合薄膜電晶體及非揮發性浮動閘極記憶體的記憶體電晶體製備研究彭子瑄; Peng, Tzu-Hsuan; 謝宗雍; Hsieh,Tsung-Eong; 材料科學與工程學系所
2015標準制定組織之專利集管型態與授權爭議分析葉家齊; Yeh, Chia-Chi; 劉尚志; Liu, Shang-Jyh; 科技法律研究所
2015設計專利侵權判斷之研究—以美國法為中心陳盈如; Chen, Ying-Ju; 劉尚志; Liu, Shang-Jyh; 科技法律研究所
2015台灣北部三個空品測站大氣超細微粒的特性李國瑞; Lee, Guo-Rui; 蔡春進; Tsai,Chuen-Jinn; 環境工程系所
2015美國後eBay時代專利侵權案件永久禁制令之研究李玄; 王立達; 科技法律研究所
2015拉普拉斯變換及其應用江培華; Chiang, Pei-Hua; 林琦焜; Lin, C. K.; 應用數學系所


類別內的文件 (依公開日期由降冪排序排序)： 從 1 到 20 筆，總共 47103 筆


 下一頁 >




探索


作者
547 
楊千443 
陳光華298 
李榮貴297 
唐瓔璋294 
黃仁宏292 
陳安斌267 
鍾惠民260 
虞孝成249 
朱博湧248 
孫春在.
下一步 >

關鍵字
423 
INFORMATION419 
ELECTRONIC-ENGINEERING419 
電子工程335 
類神經網路282 
氮化鎵272 
電腦270 
MANAGEMENT268 
GaN265 
管理260 
薄膜電晶體.
下一步 >

公開日期
33253 
2000 - 201613850 
1911 - 1999








 賽局理論｜經理人
TOP50每日一句職場英文課程活動雜誌Top50祕技專欄管理辭典每日一句職場SOS專題經理人商學院雜誌活動追蹤我們 Follow us！ Facebook Line slideshare 訂閱電子報個人成長工作效率思考方法成功學人際溝通簡報技巧學習方法情緒管理心靈勵志數位工作術會議技巧領導帶人的技術領導特質團隊建立決策力職場生涯職涯規劃職場生存術求職晉升目標管理觀念態度銷售與行銷業務銷售行銷公關客戶服務社群經營品牌人力資源管理選人用人薪資獎酬人才培育績效管理組織管理策略專案管理創新創業科技與趨勢財務與風險管理企業文化企業社會責任產品與生產管理職場英文實用祕技商管選書專欄職場 SOS管理辭典Manager's Life精選專題課程活動雜誌100MVP經理人影響力品牌市場情報RSS關於我們關於經理人月刊廣告刊登加入我們客服信箱 首頁個人成長工作效率思考方法成功學人際溝通簡報技巧學習方法情緒管理心靈勵志數位工作術會議技巧領導帶人的技術領導特質團隊建立決策力職場生涯職涯規劃職場生存術求職晉升目標管理觀念態度銷售與行銷業務銷售行銷公關客戶服務社群經營品牌人力資源管理選人用人薪資獎酬人才培育績效管理組織管理策略專案管理創新創業科技與趨勢財務與風險管理企業文化企業社會責任產品與生產管理職場英文實用祕技商管選書專欄職場 SOS管理辭典Manager's Life精選專題課程活動雜誌100MVP經理人影響力品牌市場情報RSS關於我們關於經理人月刊廣告刊登加入我們客服信箱首頁管理人物賽局理論雜誌精選管理大師 2007-01-12 08:00
MT
《經理人月刊》編輯部
 7.79K OutLine課程題綱 我們從淺顯的故事開始引導讀者進入賽局理論這堂課，從靜態到動態賽局的分析方式，並佐以大量的實例來加以說明，面對激烈的產業競爭，你會有更深一層的體會。1何謂賽局理論賽局理論就是一種策略性思考，在互相影響的環境中，設法找出自己的最適行為。在1950年，納許（John Nash）提出「納許均衡」（Nash Equilibrium）觀念，當每個參與者的策略都達到最適反應時，就是一個均衡，這個觀念成為賽局理論發展的基礎。 賽局依參賽者的互動關係可分為靜態與動態賽局，根據訊息的掌握又可分為完全訊息賽局與不完全訊息賽局，而形成下列4種不同的賽局（見表1）： 若想要對這套理論有基本的認識，其實既不艱難也不陌生，它所運用的實例每天都發生在你我的身邊。例如：小時候就耳熟能詳的成語「黔驢技窮」，就是賽局理論的應用。 故事裡那隻第一次看見毛驢的老虎，經過幾次試探、交手，才弄清楚驢的本事不過是刺耳的叫聲與踹踹蹄子而已，也因此老虎才敢大膽吃掉牠，這就是一種不完全訊息下的賽局，設法摸清對手的底細就是常見的策略。 賽局有3項基本元素，即參賽者、策略和結果，為了清楚基本架構，通常都以兩位參賽者加以說明，我們以典型範例「囚犯困境」帶大家一窺堂奧。2「囚犯困境」典型範例為什麼警界、司法界會發展出「坦白從寬，抗拒從嚴」的做法，其實就是一種賽局理論的運用。 假設有甲、乙兩位嫌犯，被警察抓到了，在罪證不足的情況下，口供與自白成為重要證據。警察會告訴他們，必須承認做壞事，如果你不承認，另一人承認的話，得對你加重懲罰；如果你合作的話，就減輕罪狀，早早放你出去。 在下圖二人靜態賽局的表示方法中，我們可以把甲放在左邊，乙放在上面，第一位參賽者甲的策略（否認、承認）用來確定橫行（欄），第二位參賽者乙的策略用來確定縱列（列），而二人策略的組合就對應二人的報酬。 像甲否認、乙承認，就對應報酬（-9、0），其中第一個數字是第一位參賽者甲的報酬，第二個數字是第二位參賽者乙的報酬。以下圖矩陣表示出報酬型態，就成為標準的策略式賽局表示法（strategic form game）。 警察分離偵訊，以避免串供，如果兩人都否認（-1、-1），警察沒有確鑿的證據，偵訊不得要領，可能關1個星期只能全部放走；如果兩人都承認（-6、-6），那麼兩人就因其犯行得到懲罰，可能都得關上6個星期；第三種情況，甲否認、乙承認（-9、0），乙描述了犯罪事實，基於他有改過意願，坦白從寬，就把乙給放了，但是否認的甲，抗拒從嚴，得多關3個星期，總共要關9個星期；第四種是甲承認、乙否認（0、-9），甲放出去，乙卻得被關9個星期。 囚犯在做姦犯科前，都指天發誓，萬一齣事絕對不能吐實，兩人約好被抓都得否認，頂多被關1個星期，這是相對好的報酬，總比承認被關6個星期好。 但在警方或法官分離偵查辦案時，經由上述「坦白從寬，抗拒從嚴」的報酬設計，（承認、承認）成為「納許均衡」策略，假設對方承認，自己的最適反應就是承認（在-9與-6中選擇-6），我們可以在 -6下畫一小橫槓。假設對方否認，自己的最適反應必然是承認，我們可以在0下畫一小橫槓。在圖2中畫了兩個橫槓的報酬(-6,-6)，就是「納許均衡」。一旦到達（承認、承認），雙方均無單方面偏離的誘因。 因為警方製造了利益衝突，每個人在思考如何做對自己最有利後，因為彼此缺乏信任，明知都否認是最好的結果，但因為不相信對方，分離偵訊的開始，就造成一個不合作賽局。單方面維持協定是無用的，太容易被對方利用，自陷被關9個星期的危境，索性承認，雙方都做此想，結果落入都被關6個星期的相對不利處境：沒有任何機制可以讓兩人互信，這就是特定的報酬結構下，造成的「囚犯困境」。 實例與應用 「囚犯困境」也可以用來刻畫很多產業競爭的現象。譬如，航空公司可以把票價訂得很高，彼此都獲利，也可以把票價訂得很低，大家都虧損。對任一家航空公司而言，最好的情況是「我降價，對方不降價」，那麼我搶攻市場，對方失了顧客。可是，一旦雙方都降價，會造成兩敗俱傷，如下圖表示，就走入了「囚犯困境」。 價格戰的賽局，就像是一個「囚犯困境」。像美國航空業就經常打價格戰，最近前四大航空公司中的聯合（United Airlines）、達美（Delta）、西北（Northwest Airlines）都已申請破產保護，賽局理論可以用來分析航空業的訂價策略，而且具有相當的說服能力。3靜態賽局的均衡與應用很簡單的情況，在布滿泳客的沙灘上（以０到１表示），每點的冰客密度都相同。現有兩家冰店準備進駐，他們該怎麼選擇店址？就可以看到策略選擇與自利動機的影響下，呈現極特殊的型態。 從０到１之間，有許多分佈點，要往中間開店呢？還是往四分之一或四分之三的地點開店？以泳客的角度，當然希望到最近的冰店買冰最方便。 如果一家店選擇在四分之一點開店，另一家則在四分之三的點開店，那麼，從二分之一到0點的泳客走到四分之一點買冰，從二分之一到１的泳客走到四分之三點買冰，對泳客都相當方便。 但兩家冰店都會追求最大利潤，於是經過賽局的實際摸索，他們不會停留在四分之一和四分之三點，他們都會向二分之一點靠攏。 四分之一點的店會想往右邊移10公尺，那麼從０到和二分之一點右邊五公尺的泳客會想到這兒買比較近一點，這就能擴充市場，增加利潤；同樣的，設在四分之三點的冰店也會想往左邊多移10公尺，那麼凡是在二分之一點右邊的泳客，都會想到到這兒買冰近一點，它又與另一家冰店平分市場了。 結果兩邊力量推使，兩家店都向中間靠攏，直到二分之一點才會停止。 這樣達到的狀態，雖未必對泳客最有利，但是相當穩定，任一家店都不想再移動，這就是冰店競爭的「納許均衡」。 納許均衡是納許在他博士論文中提出來的均衡觀念，到達均衡後「任一參賽者均無誘因單方面偏離此均衡」，以此做為檢驗納許均衡的標準。 賽局就是多想幾步，想到對手怎麼做，自己該怎麼做，第一家冰店想到對手可能往中間移動，當然要先發制人，第二家店看到第一家冰店移動，也會要移動。 結果因為經過理性的分析，兩家冰店可能一到沙灘，二話不說，都往二分之一開店，兩家背靠背，不必再經嘗試的過程，就達到納許均衡。 泳客就只好多走些路（尤其是在0到四分之一和四分之三到１的泳客），到二分之一點才買得到冰，兩家冰店的生意是平分天下，利潤與在四分之一與四分之三處相同，但全體泳客的福利則下降。 實例與應用 這個現象在商業競爭行為中，屢見不鮮。常常看到一條街，擠滿賣類似商品的商店，小吃街是如此、婚紗禮服店亦復如此。 大家都往中間靠，產生聚集效果，這就是賽局分析中一個有趣的現象：均衡策略，當兩家店都走到二分之一的時候，所有參賽者都沒有誘因單方面偏離，這樣的「納許均衡」架構，可以用來預測分析許多情況，開店區位選擇是最簡單的一個應用。4產業競爭的納許均衡在產業競爭中，有完全競爭，如農產品的競爭，沒有一家廠商對市場價格有絕對決定權；有完全獨占，如台電，可以對市場價格有最大的決定權；而寡占則介乎上述兩者的中間，如汽車市場或航空公司，都是幾家大廠決定價格，其價格會在完全競爭和完全獨占之間，產量也會比完全獨占多，比完全競爭少，其產量決定也是均衡的結果，也可以用納許均衡來分析。 多家廠商競爭時，如何決定其價格與產量，這是產業競爭中非常重要的問題，也可用納許均衡來分析。 納許均衡還有多重均衡存在的可能，比方說，港劇中的古惑仔飆車族，或「養子不教誰之過」老電影中的詹姆斯狄恩。 面對以下報酬（見表5）： 甲與乙飆車對開，看誰有膽量直衝，誰會先偏離成為膽小鬼。甲乙都對開，都有膽、但會受傷，得分是（-1、-1），都偏離、是膽小鬼，但不會受傷，得分是（1、1），若有一方偏離，都不會受傷，但有一方是膽小鬼，則得分是（0、2）或（2、0）。 結果是納許均衡有兩個：（0、2）或（2、0），但不知何者會真正發生，不能預測先偏離的會是哪一方。這是納許均衡的限制：均衡未必唯一。 優勢策略均衡，雖然有唯一的均衡，但經常不存在，在這個例子中就沒有優勢策略均衡；使用納許均衡觀念就一定找得到均衡，但可能不只一個。 實例與應用 飆車族也可用來刻畫量販店的開店決策。例如，臺北市內湖區的市場規模只能容許一家量販店入駐，若有兩家量販店入駐就可能產生虧損。 就如上圖所示，兩家入駐則報酬成為負值，在靜態賽局架構下我們預測這樣的賽局可能有兩個均衡：或者是大潤發入駐，或者是家樂福入駐。 但是，在真實世界中，常有出招先後之別，如果大潤發能夠搶先入駐，則家樂福的最適反應是退出內湖區，成為唯一的均衡。真實世界中的動態結構可能讓我們縮減納許均衡的數目，有時甚至可以產生唯一的均衡。5動態賽局靜態均衡中，參與者是同時出招；在動態競爭下，參與者出招則有先後之別，往往在觀察到對手的動作之後，才決定自己的動作，競爭者之間形成動態的互動現象，甲看到乙上一次出手的策略，乙同樣觀察甲上一次出手的策略，依此訂定下一回合的行動，策略交錯影響構成一個極為豐富的動態關聯。 如何尋找一個妥善的均衡觀念來分析參賽者的互動是一項新的挑戰。我們先看幾個先後出招的序列賽局（sequential games）範例。 第一個例子考慮新百貨公司準備進入某地區市場，新百貨公司與舊百貨公司間，有先行者與跟隨者的關係，舊公司會考量要不要率先採取什麼策略嚇阻新公司成立；或者，靜觀新公司出什麼招，再決定自己要採取什麼措施，新舊公司間的策略應該動態地相互調整。 先考慮兩者同時出招的靜態賽局： 新公司如果成立，舊公司以原價格因應，舊公司可以賺到50億，新公司只能賺到10億；舊公司若採取低價策略，則舊公司只能賺30億，但會造成新公司賠10億，所以舊公司可能藉此企圖造成新公司的損失以為嚇阻，讓新公司斷絕進入的念頭；另一方面，新公司若不成立，舊公司成為市場的獨占廠商，不論採取原價或低價策略，都會賺100億。 在這個靜態賽局中，延用在較佳報酬下畫橫槓的方法求解，可找到兩個納許均衡：其一是新公司成立，舊公司採取原價，各賺10億與50億；另一個則嚇阻成功，新公司決定不成立，舊公司採取低價策略，仍獨占市場，賺100百億。 但因為同時存在兩個納許均衡（進入、原價）的策略組合可能會成為真實發生的均衡，則嚇阻策略就未必有效。報酬結構造成兩個均衡同時存在，使賽局的預測能力大為減低。 下一步我們把以上策略賽局表示法轉換成為擴展式的賽局表示法（extensive form game)，它可用來表示靜態與動態賽局。 新穎之處在使用賽局樹（game tree），包括3種要素：第一、誰是參賽者（以環節圓圈表示）；第二、何時可以行動、行動時選擇的策略（以枝幹直線表示）、參賽者行動時的資訊集合（以環節圓圈的集合表示）；第三、對應參賽者所有可能選取的策略，各參賽者所得到的報酬（放在賽局樹末端的括弧內）。上面這個靜態賽局也可用賽局樹表示出來 在這個樹枝狀的表示方法中，就像樹只有一個根，出發點都只有一個；再用環節圓圈表示參賽者可採行的時點，每個環節可伸出數個枝幹來表示該參賽者可採行的策略；而在最終枝幹末掛上與序列策略相應的報酬。 第一位參賽者（新公司）可以選擇進入市場或不進入市場；第二位參賽者（舊公司）可以決定維持原價或低價傾銷，跨越環節的橢圓圓圈則代表資訊集合。 在上圖中資訊集合包含兩個環節，因為新公司是否會進入或不進入市場都在同一個資訊集合中，表示第二個參賽者在他的資訊集合中不能分辨何者確切會發生。 因為第二個參賽者無法觀察到對手的決策，以上圖型與靜態賽局並無差異，均衡也一樣。但是如果把訊息集合做一調整，把原來畫在一起的橢圓圓圈，現在分為兩個小圈圈，即第二位參賽者（舊公司）在這個環節的時刻，可以觀察到新公司到底決定進入或不進入，就成了真正的動態賽局了。我們可用「子賽局」（subgame）的觀念來做一分辨： 子賽局是在擴展式賽局中分出來的一支小樹，起點也一定是只有一個要素的資訊集合，像是樹只有一個根一樣。同時出招就沒有真正的子賽局，第一個子賽局是第二位參賽者（舊公司）觀察到第一位參賽者進入之後的賽局，在上圖中起於以2包含在資訊集合的環節，因為是以一個單一元素的資訊集合做它的起點，算是一個向前衍伸出的小樹。第二個子賽局是第二位參賽者觀察到第一位參賽者不進入之後的賽局，是圖6下方的另一支小樹。 就新公司不進入的狀況，新舊公司的損益是相同的，都是舊公司獨占賺100億，但如果新公司進入，那麼舊公司採取原價與低價，就會有不同的結果。 第一位參賽者（新公司）要多一步思考，舊公司到底會採取原價還是低價？如果舊公司不在乎新公司的賺賠，只考量自己賺得利益的多寡，那麼舊公司很清楚在新公司進入後會採取賺得更多的策略：保持原價，可賺50億（報酬組合中的第二個數值）。 我們以箭頭表示所採子賽局最適策略。新公司判斷舊公司會在新公司進入後採取原價以維持最佳利益，那麼新公司在進入與不進入兩者間選擇，進入則賺10億，不進入則毫無利潤（報酬組合中的第一個數值）；當然選擇進入市場，也以箭頭表示，依靠這些箭頭就可以找到一個「合理」的均衡，它不但是納許均衡，也是一個具「完美特性」的均衡。換言之，透過從最後的子賽局往前倒推的「逆向歸納法」（backward induction），得到唯一的均衡：新公司進入市場，舊公司維持原價。至於舊公司低價競銷的威脅，只是空洞的威脅。 這樣由各個子賽局逆推尋找最適反應，就得到了「子賽局完美均衡」（Subgame Perfect Nash Equilibrium，SPNE），子賽局完美均衡一般是動態賽局納許均衡的子集合，較納許均衡更精煉，特別是均衡太多的時候，子賽局完美均衡可以帶來更多的預測能力。只有放進動態賽局中才能檢驗威脅到底是不是可信的威脅。 納許均衡在到達均衡後，任一參賽者都沒有誘因偏離這個均衡策略，子賽局完美均衡是一組策略（新公司進入、舊公司原價），不但是整個賽局的納許均衡，而且也是各個子賽局的納許均衡。 同時，可以用逆向歸納法向前解出唯一均衡，箭頭的方向很清楚顯示策略選擇，當真正的子賽局出現的時候，可能會減少均衡數目。6先行者的優勢納許均衡的問題是均衡可能很多個，當年納許證明納許均衡存在，但未必唯一。在之前提及的嚇阻進入賽局中經過先後出招，就只有一個均衡。 這是新公司先出招的情況，相對的，舊公司先出招，也會有不同策略選擇。爭取制高點，先行發言的權利非常重要，這是「先行者的優勢」（first mover advantage）。 當舊公司先出招時，他有兩種策略選擇：原價或低價。舊公司若採取原價，新公司觀察之後便思考：若進入市場則賺10億，若不進入市場則是零，新公司會選擇進入。 但若舊公司採取低價競銷時，新公司知道後，採取進入則賠10億，不進入則不賺不賠，那麼會採取不進入。當舊公司先出招時，這個均衡結構就變了，舊公司若能搶先出招，就採取低價策略，讓新公司不敢背負虧損風險。 但若新公司先出招進入市場，舊公司就會採取原價，獲利減少。出招先後影響策略選擇與報酬，但都能以子賽局完美納許均衡來分析。7如何脫離囚犯困境艾克索若（Robert Axelord）曾經設計過一個囚犯困境的重複賽局，結果發現採用跟隨策略是利潤最高的，廠商的生存能力最強。像觸發性報復是對手出錯就永遠記仇，很快就會因為利潤太低而被市場淘汰出局；好好先生策略無條件的信任對手亦被利用，都很快出局；跟隨策略有賞有罰，記仇也是有程度的，結果最有利。 有關細節說明如下： 1.到期日完全確定時，勾結難以形成，比方說，確定互動10次，因而在第9次時，心想橫豎是最後一次機會，沒有未來再交手的可能性，就會陷入一次出招的囚犯困境。未來愈短，勾結愈困難。因此，只有在到期日不確定或賽局是無限重複時，未來有互動的可能性時，才會形成「隱性勾結」。 2.對手常常不理性受到情緒影響，當參賽者都有類似目標，都要求最大利潤。比方說，如果一家廠商要求的是賺取最大利潤，但另一家廠商的目標可能不是利潤，而是擴大市場，那麼低價少賺但銷量大，對他就未必是懲罰。 3.需求與成本較確定，參與廠商固定且數量少的時候，隱性勾結比較容易形成。在穩定產業中容易勾結，在不穩定產業不易勾結。廠商數不固定，經常互動的廠商，不瞭解新廠商的反應如何，也難達到勾結。 4.是否能有效排除其他進入者，容易進入的產業已不是寡占市場也難於勾結。達成勾結家數不能太多，因為難以執行協議，也難勾結。 實例與應用 這個架構應用到訂價策略常遇到的「囚犯困境」，或許能夠帶領這些公司走出囚犯困境，而不必淪入美國航空業相繼破產的窘境。像國內航空業雖然曾經大打價格戰，但近年已走入穩定價格，達到一定的利潤水準。From:: 104.199.203.235 《經理人》歡迎您投稿，分享職場心得及管理心法，共同探索企業管理新思維！
加入我們FacebookGoogle+訂閱日報今日熱門文章一週熱門文章1窮人存錢消費，富人賺錢投資！一張圖看出金錢觀大不同2「普通」不是 so-so，「給你」不是 give you！8句台式英文，你說錯了幾個？3Excel的高效秘訣！超好用的公式VLOOKUP，不同表單也能快速整合4人在公司，心卻不在？員工沒投入工作，是老闆這 4 件事沒做好5商場上錯誤率最高的4個英文動詞！學起來，脫口就說出道地英文1柯文哲輔大演講給我的啟示：換了一個CEO，真的能改變一家公司嗎？2誠品創辦人吳清友驟逝！連虧15年，卻堅持一輩子做喜歡的書店3「普通」不是 so-so，「給你」不是 give you！8句台式英文，你說錯了幾個？4CEO 的真誠告白：面試過 1000 人後，我才發現這 4 件重要的事5為何台灣人一聽到「絕對報酬」跟「保證有效」就嗨了？因為學校把我們「馴化」，卻沒教我們應付「變化」！延伸閱讀 歷史經典人物的向上管理學！3 大祕訣，讓老闆聽你的話做決策
 7.80K 專欄 誰說珠寶店一定「可遠觀不可褻玩」？美國品牌這樣做，創造5年業績成長88倍！
 449 管理人物 第一份工作被派去當警衛！飯店老總：成就了我不被淘汰的關鍵
 3.31K 管理人物 4 個練習提升你的意志力，戒除賴床、猶豫、成癮、貪心！
 22.39K 個人成長 美國傳奇賽車手的成功學：有時候，慢一點才更快
 639 個人成長 永遠對機會說YES...小業務變40億美元的女富豪！
 1.88K 管理人物今日熱門文章一週熱門文章1窮人存錢消費，富人賺錢投資！一張圖看出金錢觀大不同2「普通」不是 so-so，「給你」不是 give you！8句台式英文，你說錯了幾個？3Excel的高效秘訣！超好用的公式VLOOKUP，不同表單也能快速整合4人在公司，心卻不在？員工沒投入工作，是老闆這 4 件事沒做好5商場上錯誤率最高的4個英文動詞！學起來，脫口就說出道地英文6成功者每天都充滿動力的秘密！他們用這 12 個方法，激勵自己7每生氣 1 分鐘，就會失去 60 秒的快樂！3 個「抗負」習慣，幫你找回好心情810位成功CEO的真誠告白：我的成就，來自於每天堅持做這些事9工作愈複雜，愈要提升思考力！6步驟學會心智圖思考法10你的薪資合理嗎？關於薪資，這些事你一定要知道...1柯文哲輔大演講給我的啟示：換了一個CEO，真的能改變一家公司嗎？2誠品創辦人吳清友驟逝！連虧15年，卻堅持一輩子做喜歡的書店3「普通」不是 so-so，「給你」不是 give you！8句台式英文，你說錯了幾個？4CEO 的真誠告白：面試過 1000 人後，我才發現這 4 件重要的事5為何台灣人一聽到「絕對報酬」跟「保證有效」就嗨了？因為學校把我們「馴化」，卻沒教我們應付「變化」！6工作的意義，不是為了施展抱負、追求更好的生活！執行長教會我的職場哲學7你的薪水算是高還是低？ 主計總處「薪情平臺」上線，一眼看出你是不是高薪族8拜訪 5000 位客戶後我才懂的事：頂尖業務 vs. 平凡業務，就在這 5 個差異！9想領高薪？先問自己有沒有「這項能力」10與其轉身離開，不如正視自己！工作越換越好，你要有的認知精選專題超級店長學，成為領導門市部隊的關鍵人物！叫你們店長出來，我想謝謝他！店長要懂銷售，更要會帶人！好店長該具備的7個角色會做、會賣、還要會帶人！具備這 5 力，你也能晉升超級店長怎麼讓員工覺得上班不無聊，業績還倍數成長？金牌店長的帶人筆記本2017超級店長學好評加開班│9/11、10/2 裝備你的領導力與業務力課程活動0725GOVSEC 2017 資己資彼 建構關鍵防護力(臺北場、高雄場)0726帶人的技術 | 從歷史學領導0802保健消費市場全解析0803引爆數位行銷力｜O2O行銷 ‧ 社群經營 ‧ 品牌共鳴08032017 SAMSUNG │未來商務力論壇本期雜誌特刊NO.1522017-07-01向TED學說話的技術如果你看過TED的演講，可能會以為，站在舞臺上的人都是說故事高手。其實那些感動你的話語，都經過不斷地調整、修正、演練，這表示，說話不是天賦，而是可改善的技巧。雜誌訂閱購買本期本期目錄電子雜誌您已閒置超過３分鐘了，為您推薦其他文章！或點擊空白處回到網頁熱門文章


應用模糊多準則決策於資訊系統委外廠商評選之研究__臺灣博碩士論文知識加值系統



























































資料載入處理中...

















:::
網站導覽|
首頁|
關於本站|
聯絡我們|
國圖首頁|
常見問題|
操作說明



English
|FB 專頁
|Mobile






免費會員
登入|
註冊









切換版麵粉紅色


切換版面綠色


切換版面橘色


切換版面淡藍色


切換版面黃色


切換版面藍色





























(104.199.203.235) 您好！臺灣時間：2017/07/21 17:18          離開系統


字體大小：


 

 

 
字級大小SCRIPT，如您的瀏覽器不支援，IE6請利用鍵盤按住ALT鍵 + V → X → (G)最大(L)較大(M)中(S)較小(A)小，來選擇適合您的文字大小，如為IE7或Firefoxy瀏覽器則可利用鍵盤 Ctrl + (+)放大 (-)縮小來改變字型大小。

字體大小變更功能，需開啟瀏覽器的JAVASCRIPT功能












詳目顯示:::










 第 1 筆 /
      共 1 筆   









 
/1頁


















  






論文基本資料
摘要
外文摘要
目次
參考文獻
紙本論文
QR Code



本論文永久網址:      Twitter研究生:蕭雅雲研究生(外文):Ya-Yun Hsiao論文名稱:應用模糊多準則決策於資訊系統委外廠商評選之研究論文名稱(外文):Applying Fuzzy Multicriteria Decision-Making for Evaluating IS Outsourcing Alternatives指導教授:王天津指導教授(外文):Tien-Chin Wang學位類別:碩士校院名稱:義守大學系所名稱:資訊管理學系碩士班學門:電算機學門學類:電算機一般學類論文出版年:2007畢業學年度:95語文別:中文論文頁數:93中文關鍵詞:資訊系統委外、模糊集合理論、模糊多準則決策外文關鍵詞:Technique for Order Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution (TOPSIS)、Fuzzy Set Theory、Fuzzy Multiple Criteria Decision-Making(FMCDM)、Information System Outsourcing相關次數:

被引用:4點閱:330評分:下載:0書目收藏:1



拜科技的日新月異之賜，資訊技術不斷推陳出新，企業為了跟隨時代洪流、提升營運效率，更有效地維護日趨複雜精密的資訊系統和保持隨時更新其功能，多半需要尋求專業公司支援。將非公司核心專業之資訊系統委外處理，除了可以降低建置資訊系統所費成本，更可促使企業能夠專精發展本業。而選擇一個合適的承包商，則可以增加資訊系統委外的成功率。體認資訊系統委外的決策環境中，質化資料與量化資料並存之現象不可避免，且多半具有模糊性及不確定性，因此本研究擬結合模糊邏輯與模糊多準則決策方法，採用導入模糊數後之理想解類似度順序偏好法(TOPSIS)，以及模糊優勢排序結構評估法(Fuzzy PROMETHEE)等模糊多準則決策方法，僅針對質化資料，進行資訊系統委外廠商之最佳評選。本研究個案在資訊系統委外專案中，由四位決策者針對七項評選準則（承包商經驗、承包商商譽、承包商配合能力、技術能力、支援能力、管理能力、一般性問題），以語意變數給予權重，並依據上述評選準則分別對四家候選委外廠商以語意變數給予評比，再依模糊理論進行集合運算及解模糊化，最終求得候選委外廠商優劣排序。運用模糊多準則決策方法進行資訊系統委外廠商之評選作業，可藉由合理化、系統化方式達成群組決策之一致性共識，有效因應傳統多準則決策方法對於處理模糊問題的彈性欠缺。而評選結果，將提供企業欲借助資訊系統委外以提昇整體效益之參考。

Through the significant improvement of technology, the information technology keeps weeding through the old to bring fort the new. In order to go with the stream, increase operation efficiency, maintain the more complex information system availability, and update functions frequently, most corporations need the assistance from professional companies. To outsource the information system which is not the core ability of corporations, not only can reduce the costs of building system, but help corporations to focus on their particular field. Besides, choosing an appropriate contractor will raise the successful rate of outsourcing.Owing to the qualitative data and quantization data coexistent is unavoidable, and most of them are fuzziness and uncertainty. Therefore, this study planed to combine the Fuzzy Logic and the Fuzzy Multicriteria Decision-Making methods, which applies the Technique for Order Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution (TOPSIS) with fuzzy number and Fuzzy Preference Ranking Organization METHod for Enrichment Evaluation (Fuzzy PROMETHEE) to have the best result of contractor evaluation. The case of selection for information system outsourcing in this study was evaluated by four decision-makers, and based on Linguistic Variable to give the weight of seven criteria which include the experience of contractor, the goodwill of contractor, the cooperative ability, technology skills, sustainable ability, and management ability of contractor, and general problems. Furthermore, according to criteria, the four candidature outsourcing contractors would be evaluated by linguistic variables. Additionally, depends on the Fuzzy Set Theory to carry on the set operation and de-fuzzify. Finally, obtains the rank of candidature outsourcing contractors.The application of FMCDM to evaluate the information system outsourcing contractor can be consequent on a common consensus at group decision making by rationalization and systematization, as efficient solve the lack of flexibility in the traditional FMCDM. The result of rank will provide the reference to the corporation which may need assistance of information system outsourcing to improve the efficiency.

目　錄第一章　緒論1.1　研究背景與動機  11.2　研究目的  21.3　研究範圍與限制  31.4　研究架構與流程  4第二章　文獻探討2.1　資訊系統委外  62.1.1　資訊系統委外之定義  62.1.2　資訊系統委外之考量  92.1.3　資訊系統委外之評選準則  112.2　模糊集合理論  152.2.1　模糊數  152.2.2　模糊數之運算  172.2.3　主觀判斷之衡量  182.3　模糊多準則決策  212.3.1　多準則決策之基本概念  212.3.2　多準則決策之內涵  222.3.3　準則權重之計算  252.3.4　模糊多準則決策之應用  28第三章　研究方法3.1　導入模糊數擴充理想解類似度順序偏好法(TOPSIS)  313.1.1　理想解類似度順序偏好法(TOPSIS)  323.1.2　導入模糊數擴充TOPSIS  363.2　模糊優勢排序結構評估法(Fuzzy PROMETHEE)  433.2.1　優勢排序結構評估法  433.2.2　模糊優勢排序結構評估法  463.3　Spearman等級相關係數之應用  523.3.1　評選模式可行性之驗證依據  523.3.2　斯皮爾曼等級相關係數  53第四章　資訊系統委外廠商之評選4.1　應用模糊多準則決策於資訊系統委外廠商之評選  554.1.1　導入模糊數擴充理想解類似度順序偏好法(TOPSIS)之應用  574.1.2　模糊優勢排序結構評估法(Fuzzy PROMETHEE)之應用  664.2　評選模式可行性之驗證  73第五章　結論與建議5.1　結論  765.2　未來研究方向與建議  78參考文獻一、中文部份  79二、英文部份  82附錄附錄一　問捲內容  86附錄二　個人著作  92圖　目　錄圖1.1　研究流程圖  5圖2.1　三角模糊數  16圖2.2　決策階段及其內容  24圖2.3　準則權重計算方法之分類  26圖3.1　模糊數之隸屬度  38圖3.2　PROMETHEE評估模式的一般化求解流程  45圖3.3　價值優勢網路圖範例  48圖3.4　部分方案預先排序圖範例  50圖3.5　完全方案預先排序圖範例  51圖4.1　資訊系統委外廠商部分方案預先排序－價值優勢關係圖  71圖4.2　資訊系統委外廠商完全方案預先排序－價值優勢關係圖  72圖4.3　資訊系統委外廠商於三種決策模式下之排序結果示意圖  74表　目　錄表2.1　資訊系統委外之定義  7表2.2　委外優點  9表2.3　資訊業務委外常見之問題  10表2.4　委外的迷思  11表2.5　資訊業務委外之評選準則  12表2.6　八種尺度之模糊語意變數表  19表3.1　「準則重要性」語意變數及其對應之模糊數  37表3.2　「方案優劣度」語意變數及其對應之模糊數  38表4.1　資訊系統委外廠商評選準則  56表4.2　決策專家對「準則重要性」之意見  58表4.3　準則平均模糊權重  59表4.4　資訊系統委外廠商在各準則下表現優劣度之評比  60表4.5　四位決策專家對 之評比之平均權重模糊數  61表4.6　資訊系統委外廠商模糊決策矩陣  62表4.7　正規化模糊決策矩陣  63表4.8　模糊權重正規化決策矩陣  64表4.9　正理想解 及負理想解 之相對距離  65表4.10　資訊系統委外廠商之導入模糊數TOPSIS排序  65表4.11　模糊偏好函數  67表4.12　模糊多準則偏好指標  68表4.13　資訊系統委外廠商模糊外出流量與模糊進入流量  69表4.14　資訊系統委外廠商外出流量與進入流量  69表4.15　資訊系統委外廠商優勢關係表  70表4.16　資訊系統委外廠商部分方案預先排序  70表4.17　資訊系統委外廠商淨流量與優勢排序  71表4.18　資訊系統委外廠商完全方案預先排序  72表4.19　模糊多準則決策模式－資訊系統委外廠商之評選結果  73表4.20　資訊系統委外廠商於三種決策模式下之排序結果  74表4.21　資訊系統委外廠商之Spearman等級相關分析  75

參考文獻一、中文部份王天津、何俊彥（2005），應用模糊最佳化折衷排序法於多準則群組決策之研究，中華民國第十三屆模糊理論及其應用會議，高雄第一科技大學主辦。王天津、林英玲（2003），資訊系統委外廠商評選模糊群組決策之研究，第二屆資訊時代管理研討會－科技衝擊下科際整合的管理挑戰，崑山科技大學管理學院主辦。王天津、張宗翰、王詩華（2004），應用模糊多準則決策於ERP系統軟體供應商評選之研究，電子商務學報，第6捲第1期，頁11-26。 王天津、廖淑觀（2003），運用TOPSIS方法於網頁設計競賽選手評選之研究，第四屆產業資訊管理學術暨新興科技實務研討會，輔仁大學主辦。王天津、蕭雅雲（2006），應用TOPSIS於上市航運公司營運績效之研究，2006北商學術論壇資訊管理與實務研討會，國立臺北商業技術學院主辦。行政院公共工程委員會，http://www.pcc.gov.tw/。戎懷章（1999），資訊業務委外管理機制之設計與應用，淡江大學資訊管理學系碩士論文。江禾友（2004），台灣半導體產業工作生活品質之研究，國立交通大學科技管理研究所碩士論文。李允中、王小璠、蘇木春（2003），模糊理論及其用，臺北：全華科技圖書股份有限公司，初版。何俊彥（2006），應用模糊多準則決策於ERP系統發展方式與導入策略評估之研究，義守大學資訊管理研究所碩士論文。李宏隆（2000），大學申請入學之模糊多準則決策模式，長榮管理學院經營管理研究所碩士論文。李淑芳（1995），台灣地區資訊系統委外決策考慮因素之研究，國立中央大學資訊管理學系碩士論文。吳以文、潘佩蓉（1990），從第七屆世界軟體大會展望資訊服務業的未來，資訊與電腦，第122期，頁12-14。吳釆菽、李建復（1991），九０年代的服務業－資訊系統資源外包，資訊與電腦，第135期，頁100-105。邱垂昱、孟繼洛、楊明峰（2002），應用模糊理論於綜合高中學群選擇模式之研究，教育研究資訊，第10捲第4期，頁67-84。 林東清（2000），資訊管理 — e化企業的核心競爭能力，臺北：智勝書局。林清山（1992），心理與教育統計學，臺北：東華書局，初版。林振國（2001），都市路外停車場設置區位評選之研究，國立成功大學交通管理研究所碩士論文。林建煌（1999），現代管理學，臺北：華泰出版社，初版，譯自Robbins, S.P. and deCenzo, D.A.。周明昌（1997），委外承包商評估準則模式之建構，國立政治大學資訊管理學系碩士論文。徐碧玉（2000），利用熵作為網際網路文件搜尋之排名方法，國立中興大學資訊科學研究所碩士論文。孫思源（2001），由社會交換理論探討資訊系統委外合夥關係之影響因素，國立中山大學資訊管理學系博士論文。梁家福（1996），應用模糊多準則決策分析法改良品質屋，國立中央大學工業管理研究所碩士論文。陳盛輝（1997），資訊系統外包服務品質之實證研究，東吳大學企業管理系碩士論文。黃淑秋（2002），資訊系統委外過程參與成員認知差異之研究－以科技框架分析，國立中山大學資訊管理研究所碩士在職專班碩士論文。黃錦桂（2006），公務機關資訊系統委外影響驗收因素之研究，國立中正大學會計學系碩士論文。張正文（2000），模糊多屬性決策分析－種簡單群體決策方法評估武器系統，國防管理學院資源管理研究所碩士論文。張淑卿（2002），多屬性決策方法之模擬分析比較，銘傳大學管理科學研究所碩士論文。游伯龍（1985），行為與決策：知己知彼的基礎與應用，臺北：中央研究院經濟研究所，初版。畢威寧（2005），結合AHP與TOPSIS法於供應商績效評估之研究，科學與工程技術期刊，第1捲第1期，頁75-83。 詹長儒（2005），台灣金融控股公司經營績效評估之研究：TOPSIS方法之應用，東海大學統計所碩士論文。曾國雄、李穗玲（1997），都市發展效率之衡量與評估，中華民國區域科學學會八十六年度論文研討會，國立台灣大學主辦。楊清一（2003），多準則方案之維護策略研究－以塑膠工廠為例，國立高雄第一科技大學機械與自動化工程研究所碩士論文。鄭秀華（2002），影響系統整合專案委外績效之因素-以知識管理與軟體能力成熟度整合模式之觀點，中原大學資訊管理學系碩士論文。廖淑觀（2004），非量化評估模糊決策方法之研究，義守大學資訊管理研究所碩士論文。蔡馨儀（1999），臺灣中小企業資訊系統委外關係之管理，國立政治大學資訊管理學系碩士論文。魏巧晴（2003），產品設計初期模糊決策之研究，大葉大學工業工程研究所碩士論文。鄧振源（2002），計畫評估－方法與應用，基隆：海洋大學運籌規劃中心，初版。謝清佳、吳琮璠（2000），資訊管理－理論與實務，臺北：智勝書局。盧彥旭（2000），資訊系統委外選商評選準則及權重之建立，世新大學資訊管理學系碩士論文。藎壚（1992），實用模糊數學，臺北：亞東圖局，初版。闕頌廉（1994），應用模糊數學，臺北：科技圖書股份有限公司，三版。龔榮源、莊宗南、李建宏（2003），模糊多準則決策於科學園區投資廠商引進評估之研究，2003電子商務經營管理研討會，逢甲大學主辦。二、英文部份Bellman, R. and Zadeh, L.A.(1970), “Decision Making in a Fuzzy Environment,” Management Science, Vol. 17, No. 4, pp. 141-164.Brans, J.P., Mareschal, B. and Vincke, P.(1984), “PROMETHEE: A New Family of Outranking Methods in Multicriteria Analysis,” Operational Research, Vol. 84, pp. 477-490.Chang, C.L., Tsai, C.H. and Chen, L.(2003), “Applying Grey Relational Analysis to the Decathlon Evaluation Model,” International Journal of the Computer, the Internet and Management, Vol. 11, No. 3, pp. 54-62.Chen, C.T.(2000), “Extensions of the TOPSIS for group decision-making under fuzzy environment,” Fuzzy Sets and Systems, Vol. 114, pp. 1-9.Chen, S.H.(1985), “Ranking Fuzzy Numbers with Maximizing Set and Minimizing Set,” Fuzzy Sets and Systems, Vol. 17, No. 2, pp. 113-129.Chen, S.J. and Hwang, C.L.(1992), Fuzzy Multiple Attribute Decision Making: Methods and Applications, 1st edition, Springer-Verlag, New York.Chen, S.M.(1996), “Evaluating Weapon Systems Using Fuzzy Arithmetic Operations,” Fuzzy Sets and Systems, Vol. 77, No. 3, pp. 265-276.Cheng, C.H.(1999), “A simple fuzzy group decision making method,” Fuzzy Systems Conference Proceedings, Vol. 2, pp.910-915.Choua, T.Y., Linb, W.T., Linc, C.Y., Choud, W.C. and Huange, P.H.(2004), “Application of the PROMETHEE Technique to Determine Depression Outlet Location and Flow Direction in DEM,” Journal of Hydrology, Vol. 287, pp. 49-61.Chu, A.T.W., Kalaba, R.E. and Spingarn, K.(1979), “A Comparison of Two Methods for Determining the Weights of Belonging to Fuzzy Sets,” Journal of Optimization Theory and Application, Vol. 27, No. 4, pp.531-538.Deng, H., Yeh C. H. and Willis, R. J.(2000), “Inter-Company Comparison Using Modified TOPSIS with Objective Weights,” Computers & Operations Research, Vol. 27, pp. 936-973.Dubois, D. and Prade, H.(1978), “Operation on Fuzzy Numbers,” International Journal of Systems Science, Vol. 9, No. 3, pp. 357-360.Due, R.T.(1992), “The real Costs of Outsourcing,” Information Systems Management, Vol. 9, No. 1, pp. 78-81.Feng, C. M. and Wang, R. T.(2000), “Performance Evaluation for Airlines Including the Consideration of Financial Ratios,” Journal of Air Transport Management, Vol. 6, pp. 133-142.Fouda, P., De Lit, P., Rekiek, B. and Delchambre, A.(2001), “Generation of Precedence Graphs for a Product Family Using a Disassembly Approach,” Proceedings of the 4th IEEE International Symposium on Assembly and Task Planning Soft Research Park, Fukuoka, Japan, May 28-29.Gordon, K.A.(1994), “Outsourcing Information Technology - Why Does It Make Sense?”, Fortnightly, Vol. 132, No. 2, pp. 27-30.Hwang, C.L. and Yoon, K.(1981), Multiple Attributes Decision Making Methods and Applications, 1st edition, Springer-Verlag, Berlin Heidelberg, New York, pp. 1-7.Jee, D.H. and Kuang, K.J.(2000), “A Method for Optimal Material Selection Aided with Decision Making Theory,” Materials and Design, Vol. 21, pp. 199-206.Keeney, R. L. (1984), “Decision Analysis: An Overview,” Operations Research, Vol. 30, No. 5, pp. 803-838.Keeney, R. L. and Raiffa, H.(1976), Decision with Multiple Objectives: Preference and Value Tradeoffs, 1st edition, Wiley and Sons, New York.Laarhoven, P. J. M. and Pedrycz, W.(1983), “A Fuzzy Extention of Saaty’s Priority Theory,” Fuzzy Sets and Systems, Vol. 11, pp. 229-241.Lacity, M.C. and Hirschheim, R.(1993), “The information systems outsourcing bandwagon,” Sloan management Review, Vol. 34, No. 1, pp. 73-86.Loh, L. and Venkatraman, N.(1992), “Determinants of information technology outsourcing,” Journal of Management Information Systems, Vol. 9, No. 1, pp.7-24.Looff, Leon de.(1997), Information System Outsourcing Decision making: A managerial Approach, 1st edition, Idea group publishing, London.Lowell, M.(1994), “Managing your outsourcing vendor in the financial services industry,” Journal of Systems Management, pp.23-36.Lee, J.W. and Kim, S.H.(2000), “Using Analytic Network Process and Goal Programming for Interdependent Information System Project Selection,” Computers & Operations Research, Vol. 27, No. 4, pp. 367-382.L''Eglise, T., De Lit, P., Fouda, P., Rekiek, B., Raucent, B. and Delchambre, A.(2001), “A Multicriteria Decision-aid System for Joining Process Selection,” Proceedings of the 4th IEEE International Symposium on Assembly and Task Planning Soft Research Park, Fukuoka, Japan, May 28-29, 2001.McNurlin, Barbara C. and Ralph H. Sprague Jr.(1998), Information Systems Management in Practice, 4th edition, Prentice-Hall International, Inc.Minoli, D.(1995), Analyzing Outsourcing: Reengineering Information and Communication System, McGraw-Hill Inc.Nam, K., Rajagopalan, S., Rao, H. and Chaudhury, H.(1996), “A Two-Level investigation of Information Systems Outsourcing,” Communications of the ACM, Vol. 39, No. 7, pp.36-44.Rackham, N., Friedman, L. and Richard, R.(1995), Getting Partnering Right: How Market Leaders Are Creating Long-term Competitive Advantage,  McGraw-Hill Int''l Enterprises Inc.Radding, A.(1990), “Outsourcing,” Bank Management, Vol. 66, No. 5, pp.56- 61.Rao, H. Raghav, Nam, K. and Chaudhury, A.(1996), “Information systems outsourcing,” Communications of the ACM, Vol. 39, No. 7, pp.27-28.Richmond, W.B. and Seidmann, A.(1993), “Software Development Outsourcing: Contract Structure and Business Value,” Journal of Management Information Systems, Vol. 10, No. 1, pp.53-72.Rowe, A.J. and Boulgarides, J.D.(1992), Work Value and Decision Style: Managerial Decision Making, 1st edition, Macmillian Publishing Co., New York.Rutman, E., Inard, C., Bailly, A. and Allard, F.(2005), “A Global Approach of Indoor Environment in an Air-conditioned Office Room,” Building and Environment, Vol. 40, No. 1, pp. 29-37.Saaty, T.L.(1980), The Analytic Hierarchy Process, 1st edition, McGraw-Hill Company, New York.Sakawa, M. and Kubota, R.(2000), “Fuzzy Programming for Multiobjective Job Shop Scheduling with Fuzzy Processing Time and Fuzzy Due Date through Genetic Algorithms,” European Journal of Operational Research, Vol. 120, No. 2, pp. 393-407.Takac, P.F.(1994), “Outsourcing: A Key to Controlling Escalating IT Costs?” International Journal of Technology Management, Vol. 9, No. 2, pp.139-155.Tsaur, S.H., Chang, T.Y. and Yen C. H.(2002), “The Evaluation of Airline Service Quality by Fuzzy MCDM,” Tourism Management, Vol. 23, No. 2, pp. 107-115.Vincke, Ph., Gassner, M. and Roy, B.(1992), Multicriteria Decision-Aid, 1st edition, Wiley, New York.Wang, M.J. and Chang, T.C.(1995), “Tool Steel Materials Selection under Fuzzy Environment,” Fuzzy Sets and Systems, Vol. 72, No. 3, pp. 263-270.Yoon, K. and Hwang, C. L.(1985), “Manufacturing Plant Location Analysis by Multiple Attribute Decision Making: Part I-Single-Plant, Strategy,” International Journal of Production Research, Vol. 23, No. 4, pp. 345-359.Zadeh, L.A.(1965), “Fuzzy Sets,” Information and Control, Vol. 8, No. 2, pp. 338-353.Zadeh, L.A.(1975), “The Concept of a Linguistic Variable and Its Application to Approximate Reasoning,” Information Sciences, Vol. 8, No. 3, pp. 199-249.
 國圖紙本論文








推文當script無法執行時可按︰推文
網路書籤當script無法執行時可按︰網路書籤
推薦當script無法執行時可按︰推薦
評分當script無法執行時可按︰評分
引用網址當script無法執行時可按︰引用網址
轉寄當script無法執行時可按︰轉寄





 
 
 
 
 






                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                















top














相關論文
相關期刊
熱門點閱論文









1.
由社會交換理論探討資訊系統委外合夥關係之影響因素


2.
資訊系統委外選商評選準則及權重之建立


3.
都市路外停車場設置區位評選之研究


4.
多屬性決策方法之模擬分析比較


5.
資訊業務委外管理機制之設計與應用


6.
產品設計初期模糊決策之研究


7.
大學申請入學之模糊多準則決策模式


8.
模糊多屬性決策分析─一種簡單群體決策方法評估武器系統


9.
臺灣中小企業資訊系統委外關係之管理


10.
委外承包商評估準則模式之建構


11.
資訊系統外包服務品質之實證研究


12.
資訊系統委外過程參與成員認知差異之研究-以科技框架分析


13.
影響系統整合專案委外績效之因素-以知識管理與軟體能力成熟度整合模式之觀點


14.
應用模糊多準則決策分析法改良品質屋


15.
多準則方案之維護策略研究－以塑膠工廠為例





 










1.
王天津、張宗翰、王詩華（2004），應用模糊多準則決策於ERP系統軟體供應商評選之研究，電子商務學報，第6捲第1期，頁11-26。


2.
王天津、張宗翰、王詩華（2004），應用模糊多準則決策於ERP系統軟體供應商評選之研究，電子商務學報，第6捲第1期，頁11-26。


3.
邱垂昱、孟繼洛、楊明峰（2002），應用模糊理論於綜合高中學群選擇模式之研究，教育研究資訊，第10捲第4期，頁67-84。


4.
邱垂昱、孟繼洛、楊明峰（2002），應用模糊理論於綜合高中學群選擇模式之研究，教育研究資訊，第10捲第4期，頁67-84。


5.
畢威寧（2005），結合AHP與TOPSIS法於供應商績效評估之研究，科學與工程技術期刊，第1捲第1期，頁75-83。


6.
畢威寧（2005），結合AHP與TOPSIS法於供應商績效評估之研究，科學與工程技術期刊，第1捲第1期，頁75-83。





 










1.
應用模糊偏好關係支援B2C商品推薦之研究


2.
多準則不完全語意偏好關係決策模式之建構


3.
應用模糊多準則決策於ERP系統發展方式與導入策略評估之研究


4.
共同基金定期定額申購模式之研究


5.
資訊系統委外選商評選準則及權重之建立


6.
資訊系統委外之廠商評選準則與權重建立之研究-以世新大學為例


7.
網路口碑對消費者購買決策影響之研究


8.
應用支援向量機於信用評估之研究


9.
模糊線性迴歸應用於台灣景氣循環預測之探討


10.
結合AHP與可拓理論應用於資訊系統委外承包商評選評估準則與權重之建立


11.
金融業資訊系統委外廠商評選準則之研究


12.
資訊系統委外成功因素之研究—以先進規劃排程系統為例


13.
應用關聯規則探礦於影音出租業之研究


14.
綠色供應鏈體系下委外廠商評選模式建置-以有機發光顯示器廠商為例


15.
運用模糊多準則決策於國小新進教師甄選準則重要性之研究





 














 


簡易查詢 |
進階查詢 |
論文瀏覽 |
熱門排行 |
我的研究室










本系統(Web1)共收集：論文已授權全文：404904 筆、書目與摘要：1017953 筆目前上線人數：8563 ／ 訪客人次（自99年6月）：269528302 ／ 檢索次數（自99年6月）：2521437124 ／ 指導單位： 教育部國家圖書館著作權聲明 Copyright © 2010 All rights reserved.本館地址：100 臺北市中山南路20號 總機：(02)23619132本網站最佳瀏覽解析度為 1280 x 768





































應用賽局理論、決策樹分析探討企業財務危機決策模式－以鋼鐵產業為驗證__臺灣博碩士論文知識加值系統


























































資料載入處理中...

















:::
網站導覽|
首頁|
關於本站|
聯絡我們|
國圖首頁|
常見問題|
操作說明



English
|FB 專頁
|Mobile






免費會員
登入|
註冊









切換版麵粉紅色


切換版面綠色


切換版面橘色


切換版面淡藍色


切換版面黃色


切換版面藍色





























(104.199.203.235) 您好！臺灣時間：2017/07/21 17:18          離開系統


字體大小：


 

 

 
字級大小SCRIPT，如您的瀏覽器不支援，IE6請利用鍵盤按住ALT鍵 + V → X → (G)最大(L)較大(M)中(S)較小(A)小，來選擇適合您的文字大小，如為IE7或Firefoxy瀏覽器則可利用鍵盤 Ctrl + (+)放大 (-)縮小來改變字型大小。

字體大小變更功能，需開啟瀏覽器的JAVASCRIPT功能












詳目顯示:::










 第 1 筆 /
      共 1 筆   









 
/1頁


















  






論文基本資料
摘要
外文摘要
目次
參考文獻
電子全文
紙本論文
QR Code



本論文永久網址:      Twitter研究生:張玉雪研究生(外文):Yu-Hsueh Chang論文名稱:應用賽局理論、決策樹分析探討企業財務危機決策模式－以鋼鐵產業為驗證論文名稱(外文):Apply of Game Theory and Decision Trees in Firm’s Financial Crisis,Steel Industry as an Example指導教授:莊雙喜指導教授(外文):Shuang-Shi Chuang學位類別:碩士校院名稱:國立成功大學系所名稱:企業管理學系專班學門:商業及管理學門學類:企業管理學類論文出版年:2005畢業學年度:93語文別:中文論文頁數:91中文關鍵詞:外在選擇機會、不確定性、策略性行為、決策樹、賽局理論、預測、財務危機外文關鍵詞:game theory、financial distress、strategic behavior、decision trees、uncertainty、outside option、forecasting相關次數:

被引用:11點閱:1699評分:下載:287書目收藏:15



摘   要　　本研究主要探討企業在面臨不確定環境，在外部與內部的因素影響下遇到財務危機時之決策。我們經常可見關於財務危機企業其發生之因素、過程、預警、重整制度、績效…..等之研究。但鮮少關於財務危機發生時之決策探討，本研究將探討財務危機企業之決策過程，並以實證分析,希翼個案成功處理的模式能作為爾後其他企業的參考。本文首要探討財務危機企業之決策過程，藉由參考文獻佐以瞭解財務危機發生的因素、型態、及法制對重整的限制及過程，並俾以區分本研究所探討的範圍。繼而以理論架構說明企業在不確定環境下決策之困難與決策之要點，作為財務決策過程之理論基礎尋找一解決財務危機問題之方案。並將決策樹與賽局理論應用作為財務決策之評估與執行。　　本研究並以個案實證分析，探討該企業於財務危機發生時之處理模式，與決策執行後該企業之營運績效，驗證本研究之可行性藉以作為爾後企業決策之參考。

Abstract　The essences of the study reveals that the suitable decisions should be made for releasing the financial crises and solving the financial problems when any organization faces either the internal weaknesses or the external threats and environmental uncertainties. We have read a number of researches discussing the causes of the financial crises in an organization, such as the origins of problems, the spread of problems, reorganization, effect-evaluation, and etc. However, it is barely to learn such issues of financial crises regarding the processes of organizational decision-making. The study conducts the processes of how an organization makes the decisions to reduce the losses caused by the financial crises in the way of the empirical analysis. Furthermore, the successful solutions to the representative organization’s financial problems can be referred in the coming time.　Based on the brief explanations of the causes, the situations, and the regulations of financial crises, the primary part of the article focuses on the development of decision-making in an organization. It is also appropriate to define the scope of the study.　In next sections, in order to search the suitable solutions to the financial problems, it is necessary to reveal the difficulties that an organization encounters under uncertain circumstances and the principles of evaluation and implementation of decision-making. Besides the relevant theorems, the decision tree-chart and the game theory are applied in the study, as well.　It is more practicable to adopt the method of empirical case analysis. It assists us not only to explore how an organization manages the financial crises but also to assess the value of the organization after the suitable decisions and policies are implemented.

目　　錄第一章　緒論  11-1　研究背景和動機  11-2　研究範圍與目的  51-3　章節結構  81-4　研究流程  9第二章　文獻探討  102-1　財務危機相關文獻回顧  102-1.1　財務危機定義  102-1.2　國內學者對企業財務危機因素之研究  102-1.3　國內外學者對企業財務危機型態之研究  152-1.4　企業財務危機處理過程之文獻  162-1.5　國內外學者對財務危機預警模式之研究  192-1.6　從財務危機重整制度之探討  212-1.7　對經營危機之風險管理研討  232-2　賽局理論概述  26第三章　研究方法  363-1　研究架構  363-2　理論基礎  383-3　財務危機企業決策模式建構  443-3.1　財務決策過程  443-3.2　決策樹－財務決策方案的構建  453-3.3　賽局理論－應用於財務危機公司之債權談判  50第四章　實證分析  584-1　個案背景  584-1.1　公司簡介  584-1.2　歷史沿革  594-1.3　組織架構  614-1.4　經營理念與企業文化  624-2　財務危機發生原因及其決策過程  634-2.1　財務危機發生原因  634-2.2　財務危機決策過程  644-2.3　財務危機後營運表現  70第五章　結論與建議  725-1　結論  725-2　建議  74參考文獻  75附錄一、千興不鏽鋼公司長短期投資明細公告  80附錄二、千興不鏽鋼公司向法院聲請重整之緊急處分公告  81附錄三、千興不鏽鋼公司聲請重整緊急處分延長公告  82附錄四、千興不鏽鋼公司因重整事件發生退票情形公告  83附錄五、千興不鏽鋼公司聲請撤回重整公告  84附錄六、1~6、千興不鏽鋼公司財務公告  85-90附錄七、千興公司之股價月線走勢圖  91

參考文獻一、中文部份1.丁金輝，「以公司重整再生機制重建企業價值之研究」，交通大學高階管理，碩士論文91年6月。2.王偉華，「整合組織與流程之再生工程參考模式」，東海大學工業工程研究所，碩士論文，84年6月。3.方嘉麟，公司重整制度之檢討與建議，證券期貨基金會，90年。4.王文宇，「我國公司重整法制之檢討與建議」，金融財務，88年10月。5.白梅芳，「從經濟觀點論公司重整法制」，東吳大學法律研究所，碩士論文，89年5月。6.白允宜，「企業發生異常徵兆之37 個潛在因素」，會計研究月刊176期，7月。7.早川種三，如何重整公司，韜略出版，84年。8.李建榮，「公司重整之立法研究」，台灣大學法律研究所碩士論文，74年6月。9.李昇光，「企業財務危機管理個案研究」，東海大學企管研究所，碩士論文，85年6月。10.李建榮，「公司重整立法之研究」，台灣大學法律研究所碩士論文，74年6月。11.吳文德，「台灣上市公司財務危機特性分析」，高雄第一科大財務管理研究所，碩士論文，89年6月。12.何憲章，國際財務管理理論與實務，三民書局，80年13.林國正，「企業重整與股東財富效果－考慮不頻繁交易下實證結果」，中央大學財務管理研究所，碩士論文，82年5月。14.胡星陽，「公司重整與股東財富－台灣上市公司研究」，台灣大學經濟研究所，碩士論文，75年6月。15.胡坤德，「從價值創新觀點作重整策略變革研究」，義守大學管理科學研究所，碩士論文，88年6月。16.馬秀如，公司發行公司實施內部控制之研究再版，會計研究發展基金會，86年。17.薑堯民譯，現代財務管理，八版，華泰文化，88年。18.唐富藏，投資計劃評估，華泰書局，83年。19.唐瑞麟，「我國財務困難公司重整成功影響因素之實證研究」，成功大學會計研究所，碩士論文，87年6月。20.袁坤祥，「公司重整制度之比較研究」，服務業報導，82年8月。21.陳輝吉，財務危機手冊，二版，臉譜文化，87年。22.陳政弘，「問題公司之診查、重整與再生之探討」，中山大學高階經營，碩士論文，89年6月。23.陳靜怡，「財務危機公司資本結構決定因素－資本結構與自發性重整行為聯立結構關係模式之研究」，義守大學管理科學研究所，碩士論文，88年6月。24.陳肇榮，「運用財務比率預測企業財務危機之實證研究」，政治大學企管研究所，博士論文，72年6月。25.莊東昇，「我國財務因境公司之重整行為與其資本結構之相關性研究」，中興大學會計研究所，碩士論文，84年6月。26.戚務君，「運用財務報表分析財務因難之研究－以台灣地區上市公司為例」，交通大學管理科學研究所，碩士論文，83年6月。27.陳鳳儀，「台灣上市公司財務困難預測研究」，台灣大學會計研究所，碩士論文，84年6月。28.莊東昇，「我國財務因境公司之重整行為與其資本結構之相關性研究」，中興大學會計研究所，碩士論文，84年6月。29.陳姿君「從賽局理論分析地區性選舉」，成功大學，統計系碩士論文，92年6月。30.葉俊宏，「我國艱困上市公司重整行為之實證研究」，中原大學企管研究所，碩士論文，84年6月。31.曾嘉泰，「企業再生情境與再生策略選擇意向關係之研究」，輔仁大學管理研究所，碩士論文，84年6月。32.張大成，「企業重整與股東財富－移動B法下之實證結果」，中央大學產業經濟研究所，碩士論文，82年6月。33.黃政民，「公司重整之研究－理論與實證分析」，台灣大學商學研究所，碩士論文，73年6月。34.張文武，「公司重整與股東財富－台灣地區個案的再探討」，中央大學產業經濟研究所，碩士論文，78年7月。35.曾婉如，「公司重整制度之研究－兼論重整法院之輔助機關」，中興大學法律研究所，碩士論文，81年。36.曾婉如，「公司重整制度之研究－兼論重整法院之輔助機關」，中興大學法律研究所，碩士論文，81年。37.張清模、邱哲修、計維貞，「上市公司財務危機之探討」，會計研究月刊176期P48~P59，89年7月。38.曾湘慈，「從美日立法制看我國公司重整」，臺中商專學報，83年6月。39.楊棟樑，「公司重整債權之研究」，文化大學法律研究所碩士論文，75年6月。40.鄭中安，「機會與訊息不對稱下之終止議價賽局─實驗法之應用」國立台灣科技大學企業管理系碩士論文。41.蔡佳玲，「公司重整對股東財富影響之再探討－核准廠商、駁回廠商與自行撤回廠商間比較之結果」，朝陽大學財務金融研究所，碩士論文，89年6月。42.蔡振義，「企業危機變革－財務困境企業之轉折變革」，義守大學管理科學研究所，碩士論文，89年6月。43.羅建勛，公司如何重整，永然出版，81年。44.Ross, Westerfield, Jaffe著，財務管理，張中民譯，五版，西書出版，88年。45.公司法，90年11月14公佈實施、證券交易法，86年5月7日修正公佈。46.Geoffrey. A. Moore著，龍捲風暴，陳正平譯，二版，臉譜文化，88年。47.「國際企業及市場之實際風險管理」EC研究報告，2003年1月電子網站http://www.nii.org.tw/CNT/info/Report/20030103.htm。48.會計研究月刊，210期，p45-p58，92年5月。49.Geoffrey. A. Moore 著，龍捲風暴，陳正平譯，二版，臉譜文化，88年。50.Eliyahu M. Goldratt 著，目標，齊若蘭譯，一版26刷，天下出版，89年。51.中小企業聯合輔導中心，再創佳續－中小企業失敗成因與再生管理，財團法人。52.http://newmops.tse.com.tw/公開資訊網站。53.http://tw.stock.yahoo.com/d/s/company_2025.html網站。二、英文部份1.Hugh Courtney, Jane Kirkland, and Patrick Viguerie 「Strategy Under Uncertainty」 Harvard Business Review November-December 1997 P.67-79.2.Hilton, Ronald W. Managerial Accounting, Fourth Edition, Mcgraw-Hill Companies, INC., 1999.4.Clemen, Robert T. and Terence Reilly, Making Hard Decisions with Decision Tools, Duxbury, com.2001.


 電子全文


 國圖紙本論文








推文當script無法執行時可按︰推文
網路書籤當script無法執行時可按︰網路書籤
推薦當script無法執行時可按︰推薦
評分當script無法執行時可按︰評分
引用網址當script無法執行時可按︰引用網址
轉寄當script無法執行時可按︰轉寄





 
 
 
 
 






                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                















top














相關論文
相關期刊
熱門點閱論文









1.
運用財務比率預測企業財務危機之實證研究


2.
從經濟觀點論公司重整法制


3.
臺灣上市公司財務困難預測之研究


4.
財務危機公司資本結構決定因素,資本結構與自發性重整行為聯立結構關係模式之研究


5.
我國財務困難公司重整成功影響因素之實證研究


6.
運用財務報表分析財務困難之研究－－以臺灣地區上市公司為例


7.
以公司重整再生機制重建企業價值之研究


8.
台灣上市公司財務危機特性分析


9.
問題公司之診查、重整與再生之探討


10.
我國財務困境公司之重整行為與其資本結構之相關性研究


11.
從賽局理論分析地區性選舉


12.
公司重整對股東財富影響之再探討－核准廠商、駁回廠商與自行廠商間比較之結果


13.
我國艱困上市公司重整行為之實證研究


14.
公司重整之研究理論與實證分析


15.
企業危機變革-財務困境企業之轉折變革





 










1.
6.白允宜，「企業發生異常徵兆之37 個潛在因素」，會計研究月刊176期，7月。


2.
4.王文宇，「我國公司重整法制之檢討與建議」，金融財務，88年10月。


3.
20.袁坤祥，「公司重整制度之比較研究」，服務業報導，82年8月。





 










1.
以決策樹演算法建構台灣企業財務危機預警模式


2.
台灣啤酒產業的競爭策略-賽局理論之應用


3.
以決策樹分析台灣上市櫃紡織業公司的財務危機


4.
合作廣告與競爭條件下之賽局理論模型探討


5.
應用賽局理論分析工業電腦品牌通路策略


6.
以賽局理論探討網路定價模式


7.
從賽局理論分析地區性選舉


8.
上架費之賽局理論分析


9.
應用賽局理論於賣方管理存貨與存貨成本共同分攤模式下買賣雙方之存貨最佳決策模式


10.
應用賽局理論於資訊電子廠商維修策略之研究


11.
運用合作賽局理論探討觀光產業結盟之利益


12.
民間建築合建行為之研究–以賽局理論分析


13.
合作賽局理論在海運市場聯營競爭行為模式之應用


14.
實質選擇權與賽局理論之研究:以台灣銀行業進入大陸台商融資市場之分行設立策略為例


15.
台灣國會的改革-賽局理論的應用





 














 


簡易查詢 |
進階查詢 |
論文瀏覽 |
熱門排行 |
我的研究室










本系統(Web1)共收集：論文已授權全文：404904 筆、書目與摘要：1017953 筆目前上線人數：8564 ／ 訪客人次（自99年6月）：269528303 ／ 檢索次數（自99年6月）：2521437124 ／ 指導單位： 教育部國家圖書館著作權聲明 Copyright © 2010 All rights reserved.本館地址：100 臺北市中山南路20號 總機：(02)23619132本網站最佳瀏覽解析度為 1280 x 768


































