




課程大綱










運輸網路均衡模式TRANSPORTATION NETWORK EGUILIBRIUM MODELS






開課系所 Department/Institute:  交管所          Transportation and Communication Management Science
開課教師 Instructor:   林東盈 Lin, Dung-Ying                
開課學年 Academic Year:   0103
開課學期 Semester:    1
開課序號 Serial Number:   158

課程屬性碼 Attribute Code:   TCM 7209 
課程碼 Course Number:   R576200 
分班碼 Class Code: 
學分數 No. of Credits:           3
課程語言 Medium of Instruction:   中文


課程網址 Course Website: 

先修課程或先備能力 Prerequisite Course(s):   數學規劃及程式設計      

教師聯絡資訊 Contact with Teacher
  	    Office: 62415
Phone: 53226 
E-mail: dylin@mail.ncku.edu.tw      

助教資訊 Contact with Tutor


學習規範 Course Policy


評量方式 Grading


方法百分比%

出席 Participation
10作業 Assignments
40期中考 Midterm Exam
20期末考 Term exam
30




教學方法 Teaching Strategies
      講義、板書    

		※請遵守智慧財產權觀念  不得不法影印
		 Please follow the Intellectual Property instruction and No illegal copy
	

課程教材 Course Material
	    Sheffi, Y. (1985), Urban Transportation Networks: Equilibrium Analysis with Mathematical Programming Methods.Available online: http://mit.edu/sheffi/www/urbanTransportation.html
Ahuja, R.K., Magnanti, T.L. and Orlin, J.B. (1993). Network Flows: Theory, Algorithms and Applications. Prentice Hall, New Jersey.
Bell, M.G.H and Iida, Y. (1997), Transportation network analysis, John-Wiley & Sons.    

參考書目 References


備註 Remarks





基本素養 Basic Literacy
□ 倫理道德觀
學生應具備良好倫理道德觀 Ethic
Students should possess ethic.□ 國際觀
學生應具備良好的國際觀 Global Awareness
Students should possess a global perspective.□ 社會責任
學生應具備正確之社會責任 Social Responsibility
Students should possess socialresponsibility. 

核心能力 Competence
□ 口語表達/
簡報能力
學生應具備良好之口語表達及簡報能力 Oral Communication/ Presentation
Students should be able to communicate effectively verbally and in presentation.□ 寫作能力
學生應具備良好之寫作能力 Written Communication
Students should be able to communicate effectively in writing.■ 創新能力
學生應具備創造及創新之能力 Creativity and Innovation
Students should demonstrate creativity and innovation skills.■ 解決問題能力
學生應具備解決問題之能力 Problem Solving Skills
Students should be able to solve strategic problems.■ 分析能力
學生應具備良好的分析能力 Analytical Skills
Students should demonstrate analytical skills.□ 領導能力
學生應具備良好領導能力 Leadership
Students should demonstrate leadership skills demanded of a person in authority.□ 批判能力
學生應具備良好的批判能力 Critical Thinking
Students should possess critical thinking skills.□ 專業技能
學生應具備良好的專業態度與技能 Values, Skills & Professionalism
Students should possess the necessary skills and values demanded of a true professional.□ 資訊科技能力
學生應具備資訊科技能力 Information Technology
Students should possess information technology skills.□ 管理能力
學生應具備良好的管理能力 Management Skills
Students should possess management skills. 

課程概述 Course Description
       運輸系通規劃人員的重要職責之一為評估不同運輸管理措施之影響，此課程之中將探討個別用路人如何進行旅運行為之選擇，在運輸網路均衡的概念之下，據此評估不同管理措施之衝擊。主要課題包括最短路徑、都市運輸網路分析、運輸網路均衡模式建構、求解演算法與隨機性使用者均衡。One of the major tasks of transportation engineers and urban planners is determining the flow pattern of given transportation scenarios.  In this course, we will study how individuals travel through an urban transportation network, analyze the equilibrium phenomenon and predict the resulting flow pattern.  We intent to cover the following equilibrium related topics: shortest path, analysis of urban transportation networks, formulation of assignment problem, user equilibrium and stochastic user equilibrium.  Basic mathematical programming concepts and coding ability are required for taking this course.    

課程學習目標 Course Objectives    
	    One of the major tasks of transportation engineers and urban planners is determining the flow pattern of given transportation scenarios.  In this course, we will study how individuals travel through an urban transportation network, analyze the equilibrium phenomenon and predict the resulting flow pattern.  We intent to cover the following equilibrium related topics: shortest path, analysis of urban transportation networks, formulation of assignment problem, user equilibrium and stochastic user equilibrium.  Basic mathematical programming concepts and coding ability are required for taking this course.    

課程進度 Course Outline


週次 Week進度說明 Progress Description
1Course outline and introduction2Network Representation3Shortest Path Problem-Label Setting Algorithm: Dijkstra’s Algorithm4Shortest Path Problem-Label Correcting Algorithm: Dequeue Implementation5Urban Transportation Networks Analysis6Basic Concepts in Minimization Problems7Basic Concepts in Minimization Problems8Mid-term examination9Formulating the Assignment Problem as a Mathematical Program10Formulating the Assignment Problem as a Mathematical Program11Review of Some Optimization Algorithms12Review of Some Optimization Algorithms13Solving for User Equilibrium14Solving for User Equilibrium15User Equilibrium with Variable Demand16Stochastic User Equilibrium17Additional topics in Traffic Assignment18Final Exam 

　以上每週進度教師可依上課情況做適度調整。The schedule may be subject to change.


課程學習融入下列議題或具有下列內涵的程度 Immersing the Following Issues or Contents
議題或內容 Issues or Contents關聯性 Correlation性別平等 Gender Equity
無相關 No correlation法治教育 Law-Related Education
無相關 No correlation人權教育 Human Rights Education
無相關 No correlation服務學習 Service Learning
無相關 No correlation生命教育 Life Education
無相關 No correlation智慧財產權 Intellectual Property
無相關 No correlation環境安全 Environmental Safety
無相關 No correlation環境保護 Environmental Protection
無相關 No correlation文創產業 Cultural and creative Industry
無相關 No correlation健康醫療照護產業 Health,Medical Treatment, Nursing Industry
無相關 No correlation精緻農業產業 Advanced Agriculture
無相關 No correlation生物科技產業 Biotechnology Industry
無相關 No correlation觀光旅遊產業 Tourism
無相關 No correlation綠色能源產業 Green Energy Industry
無相關 No correlation強化工業基礎技術方案 Advancing basic industry technology program
無相關 No correlation學術研究取向 Academic Orientation
無相關 No correlation工作實務取向 Pragmatic Orientation
無相關 No correlation 

有關課程其他調查 Other Surveys of Courses
                   1.本課程是否規劃業界教師參與教學或演講?   否            
Is there any industry specialist invited in this course? How many times? No
			
           2.本課程是否規劃內含校外實習 (並非參訪)?   否		   
Is there any in (out of) school practicum involved in this course? How many hours?  No






1042_R576200













跳到主要內容





您尚未登入.(登入) 
語言簡體中文 (zh_cn)日本語 (ja)正體中文 (zh_tw)Bahasa Melayu (ms)Deutsch (de)English (en)Français (fr)Thai (th)한국어 (ko) 

1042_運輸網路均衡模式 TRANSPORTATION NETWORK EGUILIBRIUM MODELS 


 





頁面路徑
 














選課的選項1042_運輸網路均衡模式 TRANSPORTATION NETWORK EGUILIBRIUM MODELS課程大綱(Course Outline)教師: 林東盈訪客無法存取這一課程，請登入。 




跳過 導覽導覽首頁目前課程1042_R576200跳過 管理管理課程管理用戶選課方式 











Firefox,Safari,Chrome and IE10,1024*768 Recommended 國立成功大學 版權所有 | Copyright © 2017 National Cheng Kung University all rights reserved 172.16.249.206
您正使用訪客身分瀏覽 (登入) 














1042_R576200













跳到主要內容





您尚未登入.(登入) 
語言簡體中文 (zh_cn)日本語 (ja)正體中文 (zh_tw)Bahasa Melayu (ms)Deutsch (de)English (en)Français (fr)Thai (th)한국어 (ko) 

1042_運輸網路均衡模式 TRANSPORTATION NETWORK EGUILIBRIUM MODELS 


 





頁面路徑
 














選課的選項1042_運輸網路均衡模式 TRANSPORTATION NETWORK EGUILIBRIUM MODELS課程大綱(Course Outline)教師: 林東盈訪客無法存取這一課程，請登入。 




跳過 導覽導覽首頁目前課程1042_R576200跳過 管理管理課程管理用戶選課方式 











Firefox,Safari,Chrome and IE10,1024*768 Recommended 國立成功大學 版權所有 | Copyright © 2017 National Cheng Kung University all rights reserved 172.16.249.205
您正使用訪客身分瀏覽 (登入) 




















國立成功大學機構典藏:Item 987654321/143640














































English

 | 
正體中文
 | 
簡體中文

 | 




	全文筆數/總筆數 : 79667/116599 (68%)


	



	造訪人次 : 11379378

    

	線上人數 : 58

                  	











RC Version 6.0 © Powered By DSPACE, MIT. Enhanced by NTU Library IR team. ReEnhanced by NCKU Library IR team. 











              搜尋範圍
              



全部NCKUR
管理學院
   交通管理科學系
      --國科會研究報告



查詢小技巧：您可在西文檢索詞彙前後加上"雙引號"，以獲取較精準的檢索結果若欲以作者姓名搜尋，建議至進階搜尋限定作者欄位，可獲得較完整資料




進階搜尋 










主頁
	                  ‧
	      
          
          	登入
          
          ‧
          上傳
 	‧
          說明
         ‧
          關於NCKUR
            
         ‧
          管理















國立成功大學機構典藏 >

管理學院 >

交通管理科學系 >

國科會研究報告 >



 Item 987654321/143640









資料載入中.....










書目資料匯出





Endnote RIS 格式資料匯出






Bibtex 格式資料匯出








引文資訊


                資料載入中.....
                


















請使用永久網址來引用或連結此文件:
                http://ir.lib.ncku.edu.tw/handle/987654321/143640









題名: 正交座標法之改善與求解非線性運輸網路均衡問題
其他題名: Improvement for the Canonical Coordinate Method and solving nonlinear transportation network equilbrium problems
作者: 林珮珺
貢獻者: 交通管理學系
日期: 2013
上傳時間: 2014-07-09 16:23:35  (UTC+8)
摘要: 本計畫採用正交座標法（CCM）求解非線性的最佳化模式，並持續改善CCM演算法，探討將此演算法應用於求解運輸網路均衡問題的可行性。能有效運用於求解運輸網路均衡問題的演算法，大多針對求解非線性目標凸函數、及線性限制式的問題。本計畫為避免受此約束，採用正交座標法，該方法能夠迅速求解一般化的非線性受限模式，在於不堅持問題建模時所使用的座標系統，而是在每次移步中，選擇一個不同的座標系統，該座標系統最適合描述在目前迭代中的局部幾何，藉由每次移步對局部鄰域選擇一個正交座標系統，使得正交座標方法能夠在低計算成本下維持解的可行性。以非線性模式建構複雜的運輸網路均衡問題時，不必受到過多的約束，將問題真實地反應於模式中，使求解結果提供有效的系統最佳化指標。正交座標法不受到凸集合或線性限制式的約束，又能剋服商用套裝軟體在求解非線性最佳化問題時，速度緩慢而且數值結果不夠強韌的情況。演算法之改善包括求解速度與記憶體的有效使用，使其可廣泛應用至實務問題之求解，主要針對與運輸網路均衡問題相關的交通指派、路徑導引及各種衍生的交通流模型。第一年針對原演算法進行改善，使改良之演算法求解使用者均衡、交通指派等靜態運輸網路均衡問題所建構成的非線性模式。第二年子計畫預期可將改善後的CCM演算法，廣泛地應用於求解大規模的非線性運輸網路均衡問題。This project presents techniques to improve the solution efficiency of the Canonical Coordinates Method (CCM) algorithm substantially when applied to nonlinear optimization problems. The modified algorithm will be tested, and the analytical solution will be further verified using nonlinear transportation network equilibrium problems to demonstrate the effectiveness of the algorithm. The available efficient algorithms solving transportation network equilibrium problems mostly can only apply to nonlinear optimization problems with linear constraints and convex objective function. This project adopts the CCM to avoid the limitation on problem formulation. The CCM does not adhere to the coordinate system used in the problem specification. Rather, as the algorithm progresses CCM dynamically chooses, in each step, a coordinate system that is most appropriate for describing the local geometry around the current iterate. By dynamically changing the coordinate system to suit the local geometry, the CCM is able to maintain feasibility of solutions in equality constrained nonlinear optimization at a low computational cost. This project plans to formulate transportation network equilibrium problems as nonlinear programming problems (NLP) to optimize a number of control policies subject to optimal flows. The available algorithms solving nonlinear optimization problems cause a number of computational difficulties that prevents applicability of the refined model in real-case problems. Computational challenges arise from the huge size of the underlying road networks. This study adopts the CCM algorithm to benefit from its low computational cost. The numerical computation in the CCM has been proved to be considerably robust and efficient, and the CCM is able to solve problems that commercial NLP solvers cannot. In the first two years, we plan to continuously improve the algorithm efficiency and adopt this method to solve the nonlinear transportation network equilibrium problems that provides an effective traffic assignment, and user equilibrium while optimize the overall system objectives. This project continuously improves the CCM algorithm and applies the algorithm to solve nonlinear transportation network equilibrium problems in order to publish research results in academia journals with high impact factors.
相關連結: http://grbsearch.stpi.narl.org.tw/GRB_Search/grb/show_report.jsp?id=2854784
描述: 計畫編號:NSC101-2221-E006-215-MY2執行機構:國立成功大學交通管理學系研究期間:2013-08~2014-07
顯示於類別:[交通管理科學系] 國科會研究報告

文件中的檔案:
檔案
描述
大小格式瀏覽次數
index.html0KbHTML55檢視/開啟







在NCKUR中所有的資料項目都受到原著作權保護.





 -



              回饋
              







