



[問題] 邵耀華 醫用流體力學 - 看板 NTUcourse - 批踢踢實業坊


















批踢踢實業坊
›
看板 NTUcourse
關於我們
聯絡資訊




返回看板


分享







作者alex40214 (alex)看板NTUcourse標題[問題] 邵耀華 醫用流體力學時間Thu Jan 22 20:59:39 2015
課程名稱
醫用流體力學
Bio-fluid Mechanics
授課對象
工學院  應用力學研究所
授課教師
邵耀華

http://goo.gl/QtqyOE

想問有沒有修過這一堂課/這位老師的課的同學，
能分享一下這堂課的上課方式與資訊?
課程中也有安排了五堂實驗，實驗的耗時和形式又是如何呢?


--
※ 發信站: 批踢踢實業坊(ptt.cc), 來自: 175.180.254.133
※ 文章網址: https://www.ptt.cc/bbs/NTUcourse/M.1421931581.A.1E6.html
推 anonym48: 同樣想知道+1 01/28 06:09










PPT - 醫用流體力學 PowerPoint Presentation - ID:5190180













































 Create Presentation
 Download Presentation




 Loading in 5 sec.... 醫用流體力學PowerPoint Presentation

 Download
 醫用流體力學


 Download Presentation



Loading in 2 Seconds...




Share Presentations



Email Presentation to Friend







Error in Email Address...

Email Sent Successfully

Embed Code
<iframe src="http://www.slideserve.com/embed/5190180" width="600" height="485" frameborder="0" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0" scrolling="no" style="border:1px solid #CCC;border-width:1px 1px 0;margin-bottom:5px" allowfullscreen webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen> </iframe>
Embed Code Copied...
Link





  


1 / 85


 









 醫用流體力學 - PowerPoint PPT Presentation
















By gavivi
Follow User






174 Views
Uploaded on 2014-10-06









 Description
 Statistics
 Report



  醫用流體力學.  Physiological Fluid Dynamics.  Arterial Hemodynamics  邵耀華  台灣大學應用力學研究所.  Hemodynamics is concerned with the forces generated by the heart and the resulting motion of blood through the cardiovascular system.








 Copyright Complaint
 Adult Content
 Flag as Inappropriate





I am the owner, or an agent authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of the copyrighted work described.
                   

Report This











 





Download Presentation 
PowerPoint Slideshow about ' 醫用流體力學' - gavivi
An Image/Link below is provided (as is) to download presentation
Download Policy: Content on the Website is provided to you AS IS for your information and personal use and may not be sold / licensed / shared on other websites without getting consent from its author.While downloading, if for some reason you are not able to download a presentation, the publisher may have deleted the file from their server.








- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  - - - - - - - - - -  E  N  D  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  - - - - - - - - - -
 
Presentation Transcript

醫用流體力學 Physiological Fluid Dynamics Arterial Hemodynamics 邵耀華 台灣大學應用力學研究所 

Hemodynamics is concerned with the forces generated by the heart and the resulting motion of blood through the cardiovascular system. Blood flow in living animal is far from the idealized motion of flow through smooth cylindrical tubes.  *Non-homogeneous materials. *Viscous fluid.  *Viscoelastic blood vessels. Biophysics of the circulation. Physicists      : Mathematicians Physicians : Physiologists 

Hemodynamics heart and the resulting motion of blood through the cardiovascular system. Physical properties of the heart and blood vessels (Anatomy, Physiology) The relationship between the above properties to the circulation of blood Applications of the above results to physiological research or clinical science.  

Background heart and the resulting motion of blood through the cardiovascular system. The pressure and flow in blood vessels are pulsatile and with periodic waveforms. Arterial hemodynamics describes the Pressure-Flow relationship in the frequency domain. 

Laminar vs. turbulent flow: heart and the resulting motion of blood through the cardiovascular system. 

Q heart and the resulting motion of blood through the cardiovascular system. Steady flow (Poiseuille’s Law) Relation between volume flow (Q) and the pressure drop (P) along a tube of length (L) and inner diameter (D)						Q P D4 /L Poiseuille’s experiments (1846) showed that Q = P D4/128 L ; =1.3077 centi-poise Note: Girard (1813), Navier (1827): Q  D3; 		Hagen (1839): Q  D4. 

Validity of Poiseuille heart and the resulting motion of blood through the cardiovascular system.’s Law in vivo Newtonian fluid Laminar flow No slip at the vascular wall Steady flow Cylindrical shape Rigid wall 

R heart and the resulting motion of blood through the cardiovascular system.2 R1 R3 Re=R1+R2+R3 R1 R2 R3 Vascular resistance (R= P/Q) R= P/Q  (electric analogy) R = 128 L/ D4 1/Re=1/R1+1/R2+1/R3 Poiseuille’s Law underestimates the ratio of pressure gradient to the flow in a blood vessel in vivo. 

Hydraulic energies heart and the resulting motion of blood through the cardiovascular system. Pressure energy (Wp= P ·Vol) Kinetic energy (Wp= ½Vol · v2) Gravitational energy (Wg= gh  ·Vol) Total hydraulic energies 		 WT= (P +½v2+ gh ) ·Vol 

A heart and the resulting motion of blood through the cardiovascular system.2  ; V2 A1  ; V1 Bernoulli’s Law (flow through orifices) Q= A1 V1 =A2 V2 Continuity Conservation of total hydraulic energy P1 +½ v12+ gh1 = P2 +½ v22+ gh2 

Implications heart and the resulting motion of blood through the cardiovascular system. . if flow Q is constant: an  in radius (area) will result in a  in flow velocity Resistance =   128L /D4 Resistance to flow in a single vessel is: increased with  viscosity and  length  decreased with  diameter to 4th power. For elliptical cross section 

Vascular Wall Properties heart and the resulting motion of blood through the cardiovascular system. Law of Laplace (wall tension, T=P D/2) Circumferential incremental Young’s modulus of a thick walled isotropic elastic cylindrical tube where  is the Poisson ratio, Ro the outer radius, Ri the inner radius, R the radial displacement and P is the pressure change, 

Kelly  (1994) heart and the resulting motion of blood through the cardiovascular system. Laurent & Safar (1994) CCA pressure-diameter 

Arterial elasticity  heart and the resulting motion of blood through the cardiovascular system.and Pulse Wave velocity Moen-Korteweg equation Modified Moen-Korteweg equation (thick wall) (Bergel) (Gow) 

Pulse Wave Velocity (PWV) heart and the resulting motion of blood through the cardiovascular system. in  Vena Cava canine’s vein 

Pulsatile pressure and flow heart and the resulting motion of blood through the cardiovascular system.(Electrical Analogy) Windkessel model Volume Complicance C=dV/dP,  Resistance R=P/Q The rate of outflow equals to the volume change, Q=dV/dt Pressure of windkessel declines exponentially  

Womersley number for fundamental harmonic in some mammals (Aorta) 2 =  ReSh =  (UD/) (f D/U) 

Pulsatile pressure and flow (Aorta)(Electrical Analogy) Noordergraaf (1963) Longitudinal Vascular Impedance	:ZL = -(dP/dx)/Q Input Impedance			:     Zi = P/Q Transverse Impedance		:     Zw = P/(dQ/dx) 

Pulsatile pressure and flow (Aorta)(Electrical Analogy) scaling Electrical Hemodynamics Longitudinal Vascular Impedance	:ZL = R+jL Input Impedance			:     Zi = P/Q 

Analogic Electric System (Aorta) 

Governing Equations in integral form (Aorta) Transport of Mass: Transport of Momentum: Transport of Energy 

Human Circulatory System (Aorta) Fundamental VariablesPressure、 Flow Geometrical VariablesSize、 Thickness 、 Length、 Curvature Mechanical PropertiesStiffness 、Visco-Elasticilty 

Vascular Impedance as an index for arterial occlusion due to atherosclerosis 

Harmonic Analysis of Pulsatile Flow Waves atherosclerosis Harmonic Amplitude of Flow Wave 

Harmonic Analysis of Pulsatile Pressure Waves atherosclerosis 

Vascular Impedance atherosclerosis Vascular impedance characterize the resultant of interactions of cardiac output with various organs and tissues Input Impedance:              Zi = P / Q Longitudinal Impedance:  Zl= (-dP/dx)/Q			(correlation of pressure gradient to the flow) Transverse Impedance:Zt =  P / (-dQ/dx) (correlation of pressure to flow gradient) 

Quantification of Input  Impedance atherosclerosis (Z=P/Q) 

Aortic Input  Impedance atherosclerosis Resonance Frequency Impedance Matching Flow Distribution 

Effects of exercise on  atherosclerosisarterial pressure-flow waveforms  

Effects of  atherosclerosisExercise on Doppler Spectra 

Vascular impedance gives the changes in harmonic amplitudes thus provides more information than typical clinical indexes such as PI and RI  ! Can it be accessed non-invasively ?      Color Duplex Sonography ! Vascular impedance 

Non-invasive Impedance Measurements Ultrasound  thus provides more information than typical clinical indexes such as PI and RIM-Mode 

Non-invasive Impedance Measurements thus provides more information than typical clinical indexes such as PI and RI Ultrasound Doppler 

M-Mode image processing thus provides more information than typical clinical indexes such as PI and RI D D = aD P (Elastic)   a=D2/2Eh 

Doppler Image Processing thus provides more information than typical clinical indexes such as PI and RI 

Pressure-Flow waveforms thus provides more information than typical clinical indexes such as PI and RI 

頸動脈阻抗頻譜分析結果 thus provides more information than typical clinical indexes such as PI and RI 

Resonance  thus provides more information than typical clinical indexes such as PI and RI 

Measurement of Mechanical Properties for Blood Vessel and Soft-Tissues Correlation of Waves measured at Two Sites 

PWV of Arterial Tree Soft-Tissues 

Significance of  Soft-Tissues Aortic Impedance clinical risk factors for  developing foot ulceration Avolio, Aet al. (1994)  Circulation 

Comparative differences in changes in  Soft-Tissuesoscillatory and steady components of arterial hemodynamics in the early stages of cardiac failure in dogsThe importance of the pulsatile arterial function on the heart but also show that these occur before changes in peripheral resistance 

Major change in the paced dogs is an  Soft-Tissuesincrease in aortic impedance   (i.e, characteristic impedance) average characteristic impedance is shown to increase from 121 to 186 dyne- s- cm-5 (an increase of 54%) 

Pacing also produced a significant  Soft-Tissuesfall in  	mean arterial pressure a decrease in mean pressure from a baseline of 90 to 75 mm Hg after pacing (a reduction of 17%). 

  Soft-Tissuesimplications in understanding the adaptive changes both in the heart and in the complex arterial load significance of passive effects on the aortic impedance in relation to the changes in arterial compliance 

a  Soft-Tissuesreduction in mean arterial pressure should lead to a decrease in characteristic impedance due to passive effects of distending pressure vascular compliance may have actually decreased to a much greater degree than that determined by characteristic impedance 

Active effects of  Soft-Tissuesvascular tone or structural changes, with ensuing speculations involving the distribution of angio-tensin II receptors throughout the arterial tree.  The increase in aortic characteristicimpedance can be almost totally explained by the passive effect of reduction in aortic diameter due to the decrease in mean pressure A. Avolio (1994) 

Water hammer formula Soft-Tissues where  Zc   (characteristic impedance),     (blood density),     c     (wave velocity),   A    (lumen area), and R  (radius) 

Moens-Korteweg relation Soft-Tissues where      (blood density),      E    (Young's modulus)  h     (arterial wall thickness)  R    (radius) 

It is unlikely that during the  Soft-Tissues48 hours of pacing, would resulted in substantial structural changes in the material of the aortic wall to cause changes in E or h as well as blood density where K is a constant. 

Conclusion: Soft-Tissues  the significant changes that occur in the aortic impedance spectrum in the canine model of ventricular failure relate more to distal effects, such as wave reflection, caused by changes in caliber of pre-arteriolar vessels, possibly reflex mediated, rather than substantial changes in proximal conditions such as characteristic impedance. 

Development and Validation of a Noninvasive Method to Determine Arterial Pressure and Vascular Compliance Brinton, T.(1997) American Journal of Cardiology 

The ability not only to record  Determine Arterial Pressure and Vascular Complianceautomated systolic and diastolicpressure, but also to derive measurements of the rate of pressure change during the cardiac cycle, would have great potential clinical value. 

Physical model Determine Arterial Pressure and Vascular Compliance Derivation of noninvasive pressure measurements is based on a T tube aorta and straight tube brachial artery, and assumes that the systolic phase of the supra-systolic cuff signal and the diastolic phase of the sub-diastolic cuff signal most closely approximate systolic and diastolic aortic pressures, respectively. 

Brachial artery (BA) is assumed to be in close proximity to the central T tube aorta which minimizes the influence of reflective waves and blood flow.  BA is a flexible tube filled with blood that allows expansion and compression in the radial direction, perpendicular to arterial wall, and allows displacement of blood along the length of the artery. 

Physical model of the brachial artery the central T tube aorta which minimizes the influence of reflective waves and blood flow.  Assuming steady state conditions at MAP: where Volume (V) = Ao  Lc,  cross section (A) = Ao,  effective cuff  length (Lc) = cuff width/[radical] 2 

Graphic display of oscillometric signal derived using a cuff sphygmomanometer silicone membrane pressure transducer 8-bit A/D converter 

under dynamic conditions due to the pulse cycle; sphygmomanometer P(t) = MAP + [Pin(t)-Pout(t)] = MAP + P(t), 	where P(t): instantaneous pressure. 

Change in artery volume, dV/dt, may be separated into a perpendicular and parallel component: During the systolic cycle, dV||/dt is mainly dependent on the blood flow which is at a minimum. 

Therefore, only dV perpendicular and parallel component:/dt is contributing to the determination of arterial elasticity or compliance: Where dV/dtis a positive change in arterial volume due to a positive change in pressure with respect to MAP, expanding the walls of the artery in the radial direction (systolic cycle).  

Assuming elasticity, Ke and compliance (C) = 1/Ke, which are dependent on the structural properties of the artery, the change in pressure, and corresponding response of the artery, can be related. 

Normalized pressure pulse from the oscillometric signal dependent on the structural properties of the artery, the change in pressure, and corresponding response of the artery, can be related. 

A geometric weight factor was used to normalize the pressure distribution for the perpendicular component of the cylindrical artery surface area S= 2   Ro Lc; (2 cuff bladder size ) ST = 2  Ro2 + 2  Ro Lc. 

To solve for compliance, C, we assumed a sinusoidal pulse wave to approximate the frequency /wave length relation for the systolic cycle. The maximum (peak positive) and minimum (peak negative) dP/dt and dA/dt occur at the "zero" point,  

Assuming negligible influence from external pressure during the subdiastolic pressure phase, the cross-section variation dA(t), can be defined as: Assuming R(t) = Ro  sin(2 pi f t), where f is the frequency of the pulse. Therefore: 

The pulse frequency of the human cardiovascular system, f, is the frequency of the systolic wave, 1/[2 tpp] in which tpp is the time interval from (dP/dt)max to (dP/dt)min. The peak-to-peak amplitude [dP/dtMax - dP/dtMin] was defined as (dP/dt)pp, and obtained from the systolic wave.  

Brachial artery diameter, Do, was generated by a mathematical model in which the average size of the vessel in an adult at MAP was scaled for body surface area using the height and weight of each patient.   Do = 2 Ro.: 

Comparisons of pressures obtained noninvasively and by intraarterial cannulation 

Measurements of the  intraarterial cannulationrate of pressure change 

Reproducibility of blood pressure and vascular compliance measurements  

Discussions measurements  This study demonstrate that this method provides measurements of vascular compliance from analysis of the oscillometric signal.  The data demonstrate a good correlation with compliance measurements obtained from the catheterization laboratory. 

Discussions measurements  Because both hypertension and atherosclerosis may be associated with structural and functional vascular modifications,  The compliance calculations should be of value in the early detection and management of these and related diseases 

Discussions measurements  Since anti-hypertensive medications such as alpha blockers and vasodilators affect vascular tone, and angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors may alter arterial structure, vascular compliance should be useful in evaluating the effectiveness of treatment. 

Discussions measurements  These compliance measurements may also be useful in evaluating the role of serum lipid levels on structural changes in the arterial wall and the effectiveness of lipid-lowering treatment. 

Limitations to this study measurements  First, measurements of vascular compliance from the brachial artery were compared with systemic measurements.  However, that the arterial pulse differs slightly between brachial artery and aorta, a difference that likely influenced the correlation between noninvasive and invasive data. 

Limitations to this study measurements  the volume of the brachial artery segment at MAP was not measured, but rather estimated. Direct evaluation of the artery segment volume may have minimally altered our findings.  

Concluding Remarks measurements  the measurement of absolute pressure and rate of pressure change show good correlation with catheter data and that vascular compliance can be reliably assessed by this new method.  The technology should provide a valuable noninvasive tool for the assessment of both cardiac function and vascular properties. 

 





















Related Presentations
More by User
















醫用流體力學  -Arterial fluid dynamics  邵耀華  台灣大學應用力學研究所.  physiological fluid dynamics.  evolution of  arterial pressure  away from the heart.  systemic arteries.  conduct blood flow from left ventricle (lv) to



















Today's Free
PowerPoint Template

For SlideServe users
 Download Now
















Download Presentation




Connecting to Server..






















醫用再循環空氣清淨機 - 空氣清淨機推薦,新光醫院採用一舜科技空氣清淨機









sdasdasd












dsadsad








   E-SUN家用型空氣清淨機




 
二代家用型-LM435E2F-CC


 
二代家用型-LM515E2F-CK






 
二代商用型-LM435E2B-CC


 
二代商用型-LM515E2B-CK












空氣淨化小常識











								  空氣清淨機免費諮詢










一舜空氣清淨機值得您信賴




 
認識一舜科技空氣清淨機






 
醫師推薦空氣清淨機






 
認識一舜的品牌






 
醫用再循環空氣清淨機





























一舜醫用再循環空氣清淨機
 


















產品特色
                                                1.四道空氣處理，有效降低菌落數、混合異臭味、過敏原、懸浮微粒
                                                及揮發性有機氣體。
                                                2.採用CDC建議之高效率醫用HEPA濾心，有效攔截過濾0.3μm以上之塵蟎、花粉、黴菌等過敏原及懸浮微粒達99.97%(DOP)。
                                                3.採用7公斤專業配方濾毒除臭活性碳，有效吸附藥劑混合異臭，除臭能力
                                                遠超過歐美同級產品。( CK50為6公斤 )
                                                4.採用德國edm原廠「超靜音」鼓風設備，搭配絕佳的流體力學設計，寧靜
                                                度遠超過歐美同級產品。
                                                5.採用醫院級電源插頭及過載保護等自動斷電系統，使用安全有保障。
                                                6.配備超高速強力循環淨化( Turbo )功能。





















空氣淨化流程 
                                    第1道處理：前置除塵處理 ( 25~30%ASHRAE )
                                    配置前置過濾網( 攔阻效能25~35%ASHRAE )，先行將0.5~10微米以上大粒徑的灰塵捕捉過濾，延長高效率醫用HEPA濾心的使用年限。
第2道處理：濾毒除味處理 ( 7kg專業配方濾毒除臭活性碳 / CK50為6公斤 )
                                    配置1組專為理化實驗室及醫院診所異味處理考量之濾毒除味濾材，內含長效圓柱形「顆粒狀」活性碳及專業吸附濾材、無毒，可含浸多種吸附異味催化劑，對醫院診所的揮發性有機氣體( VOCs )及藥劑混合異臭，也能產生顯著的濾毒除味效果。
第3道處理：微生物攔截處理 ( 0.3μm99.97%醫用HEPA濾心 )
                                    配備1組高效率圓筒狀玻纖材質醫用HEPA濾心，將0.3μm(含以上)粒徑的懸浮微粒或微生物攔截捕捉，其捕捉能力高達99.97%以上( 細菌大小約0.45 μm、塵蟎大小約1~10μm )。
第4道處理：後置整流處理 ( 25~30%ASHRAE )
                                    配備後置濾網，將空氣再一次整流處理，將純淨的空氣均勻散播至使用空間的每一個角落。











實驗室、檢驗室、安養院所、辦公室、會議室、簡報室、診療室、動物醫院診所、解剖室、特殊病房、特殊異味環境....等高異味消除要求之場所。









 




一舜科技空氣清淨機　版權所有，轉載必究 Copyright CBIN99 DESIGN  24158新北市三重區重化街28號3樓之1　
TEL：02-2999-2566‧Fax：02-2999-7376 客服信箱：sales@e-sun.com.tw









            醫用生物力學 -華人百科                       醫用生物力學  《醫用生物力學》雜志創刊於1986年，1992年起改為現名。本刊由上海交通大學主辦，中華人民共和國教育部主管，是國內唯一一本公開發行，積極反映醫學生物力學基礎研究與套用研究成果，推動國內外學術交流，促進醫、理、工各學科相互瞭解和合作為目的學術性刊物。  中文名稱 醫用生物力學 外文名稱 Journal of Medical Biomechanics 語言 中文 類別 醫學生物力學 主管單位 教育部 主辦單位 上海交通大學 創刊時間 1986年 出版周期 雙月刊 國內刊號 31-1624/R 國際刊號 1004-7220 郵發代號 4-633      期刊簡介《醫用生物力學》雜誌創刊於1986年，1992年起改為現名。本刊由上海交通大學主辦，中華人民共和國教育部主管，是國內唯一一本公開發行，積極反映醫學生物力學基礎研究與套用研究成果，推動國內外學術交流，促進醫、理、工各學科相互瞭解和合作為目的學術性刊物。 版權資訊刊名： 醫用生物力學《醫用生物力學》封面Journal of Medical Biomechanics主辦： 上海交通大學周期： 雙月 合作：正刊論文網出版地：上海市語種： 中文;開本： 大16開ISSN： 1004-7220CN： 31-1624/R郵發代號： 4-633歷史沿革：現用刊名：醫用生物力學創刊時間：1986該刊被以下資料庫收錄：CA 化學文摘(美)(2011)Pж(AJ) 文摘雜誌(俄)(2011)EI 工程索引(美)(2011)中國科學引文資料庫(CSCD—2008) 報導內容本刊報導內容主要包括醫學生物力學領域中有關固體力學、流體力學、流變學、運動生物力學等方面的研究論文。 期刊榮譽本刊為“中國科技論文統計源期刊（中國科技核心期刊）”，已分別入編《中國學術期刊綜合評價資料庫》（CAJCED）統計源期刊，《中文生物醫學期刊文獻資料庫》（CMCC）來源期刊，《中國期刊全文資料庫》（CJFD）全文來源期刊，《中國核心期刊（遴選）資料庫》來源期刊，美國《劍橋科學文摘》（CSA）來源期刊，波蘭《哥白尼索引》（IC）來源期刊，俄羅斯《文摘雜誌》（AJ）來源期刊，美國《化學文摘》（CA）來源期刊。  辦刊宗旨多年來，本刊本著既定的辦刊宗旨，由於全體編委和編輯部同志的共同努力，廣大讀者和作者的關心和支持，以致在促進醫、理、工各學科領域的科研合作和學術交流上已起到了積極推動作用，從而使本刊越來越受到廣大讀者、作者的關心和愛護。 刊社地址地址：上海製造局路639號郵政編碼：200011            醫用生物力學 @ 華人百科  勵志人生 國語字典辭典 詩詞大全 小語 腦筋急轉彎    ﻿












教育目標





























English





教育目標
行政組織
公文公告
招生網站
獎助學金申請
業界推薦
就業情報

國際會議廳演講
臺大首頁








					教育目標			






本所教育目標在培育具有領導及獨立研究能力的力學相關領域之高級專業人才。
應力所在教學方面有四大特色：

1. 理論、實驗及數學並重：
應力所學生必須修習應用數學、彈性力學、動力學、流體力學、電磁學、應用力學實驗、電子學實驗等數學、理論及實驗三方面課程，方能取得學位。這項規定不但為學生奠定紮實的研究基礎，也提高學生調適能力。學生未來不但出路更為寬廣，也更能配合國家產業需求投入人力。

2. 跨領域整合：
應力所有許多整合力學、生醫、資訊及機電系統等領域的研究群，研究生之碩、博士論文多從事跨領域、系統整合之研究。除此之外，為了培養跨領域人才，應力所教師也常結合其他系所教師之專長，以聯合授課的方式，開授跨領域課程，如微奈米機電系統、微光機電系統製程、設計醫用流體力學等，迅速將研究成果融入教學中。

3. 國際化：
應力所目前以英語授課的課程及教師都已達60%，在此環境下訓練出來的研究生，無論將來在學術界或產業界工作，都更能適應我國國際化的潮流。應力所未來更將配合臺大雙聯學制及國際研究生學程之推動，持續提昇英語授課率，使外籍學生能在應力所修得學位。
應力所每年都有數名碩、博士生赴國外從事短期研究，也有國外研究生至本所訪問或從事博士後研究。未來，應力所更將進一步建立與國外一流大學合作機制，提高博士生出國研究之比例。

4. 工程教育認證：
教育部目前正在積極推動「工程教育認證」，希望我國工程教育認證能與華盛頓公約國(Washington Accord)同步，以利畢業生在WTO的框架下，取得在外國執業的資格，並吸引外籍學生前來就讀。應力所在教育部規劃「工程教育認證」之初，即有三位教師參與籌備工作。應力所是獲得教育部補助推動認證的第一個獨立研究所，並已於97學年度取得認證。

  



 
▲Top







		
		Copyright © 2010 Institute of Applied Mechanics, National Taiwan University. All rights reserved.    
		國立臺灣大學工學院應用力學研究所‧106臺北市大安區羅斯福路四段1號‧TEL:886-2-3366-5600‧FAX:886-2-2363-9290 
		
		
		
	







國科會醫工學門- 研究主題































本學門邀請國內之相關學者專家，分成四個研究領域依序為: (1) 醫用電子, (2) 生物力學及殘障輔具, (3) 生醫材料, (4) 醫學資訊。這四項未來之研究重點，兼顧基礎研究及產業需求，在結合臨床需求及技術發展之前提，鼓勵醫學臨床人員與工程研發人員之密切互動，並形成跨領域之研發團隊，以期提昇我國在醫學工程研究及醫療器材工業領域之研發水準。 
        以下內容摘自98年5月醫學工程學門規劃書:


醫用電子
生物力學及殘障輔具
生醫材料
醫學資訊


無線身體感測網路
              (Wireless Body Sensor Network)
細胞／組織工程
              (Cell/ Tissue Engineering)
前瞻性生醫材料之研發
              (Development of Advanced Biomaterial)
醫學影像及訊號處理
              (Medical Imaging and Signal Processing)


非侵入量測技術
              (Non-Invasive Measurement Technology)
骨科與復健生物力學
              (Orthopedics and Rehabilitation Biomechanics)
再生醫學之應用與探討
              (Application and Research of Regenerative Medicine)
醫學成像技術與應用
              (Medical Imaging Technology and Application)


無線傳能植入晶片
              (Wireless Transmission Chip)
牙科生物力學
              (Dental Biomechanics)
幹細胞與組織工程之發展
              (Development of Stem Cell/ Tissue Engineering)
電腦輔助醫療技術
              (Computer-aided System in Medical Fields)


微小化感測技術
              (Miniaturization Sensing Technology)
生物流體力學
              (Bio-fluid Mechanics)
奈米藥物傳輸之結合與應用
              (Application of Nano- medicine for Drug Delivery)
醫用資訊系統
              (Medical Informatics System)


非侵入式影像導引治療技術
              (Noninvasive Imaging-derived
              Treatment Technology)
科技輔具與健康器材
              (Assistive Technology & Health Care Devices)
 
生物資訊
              (Bioinformatics)


「生醫工程癌症早期診斷研究計畫」		    
            隨著醫藥科技進步及國人生活形態的改變，台灣地區主要死因已由急性傳染病轉變為慢性疾病，且癌症自民國七十一年即躍居國人十大死因之首，其標準化死亡率及發生率也逐年呈上升趨勢。
本學門於2009年推出跨領域研究整合型專案計畫「生醫工程癌症早期診斷」。希望能結合生物、醫學、材料、機械、化工、電機、電子、資訊等各種不同領域的技術，開發出癌症早期診斷的系統及治療技術進而達到有效的治療效果。
下載「癌症早期診斷公開徵求計畫書.doc」
「視障者資訊輔具技術研究計畫」近年來電子與資訊技術有很大的進展，人們可以很容易地從網路擷取與分享大量自己感興趣的資訊。而這些資訊擷取與分享的技術，大多是以視覺為基礎來呈現資訊，因此，在目前的情形下，視障朋友反而比以前更容易因獲得資訊機會的差距越拉越大，而更失去其競爭力。有鑑於此，國科會希望能針對視障朋友的需求，推動「視障者資訊輔具技術研究計畫」，目標是研究發展對視障朋友真正有幫助的資訊輔具技術。包括開發適合視障朋友使用的硬體設備，軟體工具，與人機界面等產品，並著重在能將研發的成果落實，技術移轉給廠商，或是公開發行免費的開源軟體等。
下載「視障資訊輔具技術研究徵求構想書.doc」
「醫工學門近年專題研究計畫」
下載98年度專題研究計畫核定通過清單.xls
下載97年度專題研究計畫核定通過清單.xls
下載96年度專題研究計畫核定通過清單.xls
下載95年度專題研究計畫核定通過清單.xls
「國科會歷年度專題研究計畫查詢」
































































生醫/製藥/設備/流體力學研究與創業人員_馗鼎奈米科技股份有限公司 - 104人力銀行












                        生醫/製藥/設備/流體力學研究與創業人員                        
馗鼎奈米科技股份有限公司
本公司其他工作



我要應徵
處理中...
儲存工作
處理中...


11~30人應徵
FB 分享
轉寄
檢舉







工作內容

1.具有噴霧造粒或噴霧塗佈經驗與專長者尤佳，將以噴霧或相關設備進行醫療與光學用微奈米球製造技術之開發。2.對生醫材料與製藥領域有創業興趣者。3.將與南部最頂尖之國立大學醫學院合作，進行尖端醫療藥物或器材技術開發，適合未來有志於創業者。4.主動、積極、負責、邏輯清晰、肯學習與思考、肯吃苦耐勞者。5. 需對製程研發與分析解決問題有能力與興趣者。

職務類別：

醫藥研發人員、醫療器材研發工程師 






認識「」職務

詳細職類分析(工作內容、薪資分佈..)
更多相關工作




工作待遇：
面議
工作性質：
全職
上班地點：

	                                    臺南市永康區







地圖找工作




管理責任：
不需負擔管理責任
出差外派：
無需出差外派
上班時段：
日班，8:00~17:30
休假制度：
週休二日
可上班日：
不限
需求人數：
1 人




條件要求


接受身份：
上班族、應屆畢業生
工作經歷：
不拘
學歷要求：
碩士以上
科系要求：
航太工程相關、機械工程相關、化學工程相關
語文條件：

英文 -- 聽 /中等、說 /中等、讀 /精通、寫 /精通

擅長工具：
不拘
工作技能：
不拘
其他條件：
1.團隊合作開發技術、責任制。2.生醫、航太、機械、力學、化工或材料相關系所者尤佳。3.請附照片及自傳。




公司福利

1.勞保、健保、員工團體保險、週休二日。2.男性同仁陪產假。3.女性同仁生理假。4.婚假/喪假/產假/產檢假。5.員工健康檢查。6.健全的退休金提撥制度。7.年終獎金。8.員工制服。9.誤餐費。



聯絡方式


聯絡人：
顏先生





更新日期：2017-07-18


與生醫/製藥/設備/流體力學研究與創業人員相關的工作

推薦工作
104 智能管家依據您平常儲存、應徵工作的喜好，為您推薦工作！請先登入My104 會員中心



看過此工作的人也看以下工作
推薦課程




瀏覽工作紀錄
清除







104提醒：
求職應徵請準時赴約並註意安全。如有公司要求您交付提款卡及密碼、信用卡、銀行郵局帳號、身分證，及要求繳費、購買服務或產品等情事，請勿進行並速與警方反詐騙專線165聯繫。看更多>>














































國立陽明大學醫工中心














陽明首頁｜醫工學院｜最新消息｜網站導覽










關於BERDC
服務項目
研究發展
表單下載
聯絡我們













醫工中心組織(Organization)



中心成員 (Faculty and Staff)



使命任務 (Vision)



夥伴 (Partners)

合作單位



合作公司



醫院



顧問群



諮議委員





特色 (Characteristics)



願景(Vision)






首頁 > 關於BERDC > 諮議委員
諮議委員



郭義松 委員
•現職:
康定股份有限公司
董事長

•專長:
生技與醫療器材企管法規



邵耀華 委員
•現職:
工業技術研究院生醫與醫材
研究所所長

•專長:
醫學流體力學與醫用超音波



張鴻仁 委員
•現職:
上騰生技顧問股份有限公司
董事長兼總經理

•專長:
生技產業、健康保險政策 與傳染病防治及醫療資訊系統



林志隆 委員
•現職:
金屬工業研究發展中心
副執行長

•專長:
材料微觀分析 奈米顯微技術
與科技研發及智權管理



林秋雄 委員
•現職:
LIN & ASSOCIATES國際醫療
科技法規顧問公司  董事長

•專長:
藥學、分子生物 與 
醫藥及醫材法規



蔡定平 委員
•現職:
中央研究院應用科學研究
中心 主任

•專長:
奈米光學與光電物理




11221 臺北市北投區立農街二段155號 電話：+886-2-2826-7000
Copyright © 2014 國立陽明大學 版權所有.　All Rights Reserved.　更新日期：2014-11-23





	國立交通大學生醫工程研究所

























迴首頁｜交通大學｜電機學院｜English｜









最新消息本所簡介發展沿革發展重點生醫資訊生醫電子與光電生醫應用空間規劃工程六館實驗室空間本所位置本所成員所辦公室本所教師專任教師兼任教師合聘教師本所學生105學年度104學年度103學年度102學年度101學年度研究發展研究計畫林顯豐教授(Lin, Shien-Fong)蔡德明教授(Choi, Charles T. M.)許鉦宗教授(Sheu, Jeng-Tzong)陳稷康教授(Chen, Nelson G.)陳榮治教授(Chen, Jung-Chih)莊競程教授(Chuang, Ching-Cheng)李博仁教授(Li, Bor-Ran )陳冠宇教授(Chen, Guan-Yu)學術著作林顯豐教授(Lin, Shien-Fong)蔡德明教授(Choi, Charles T. M.)許鉦宗教授(Sheu, Jeng-Tzong)陳稷康教授(Chen, Nelson G.)陳榮治教授(Chen, Jung-Chih)莊競程教授(Chuang, Ching-Cheng)李博仁教授(Li, Bor-Ran )陳冠宇教授(Chen, Guan-Yu)實驗室介紹招生專區本所招生特色碩班甄試入學106甄試招生簡章可收指導教授情況(106.6.15更新)106指導教授介紹正備取須知表格及文件下載碩班考試入學可找指導教授情形106考試正備取須知106指導教授介紹106考試招生簡章106學年度複試時間表及註意事項表格及文件下載106新生註冊入學須知(開學日9月11日)規章辦法修業規定適用106學年入學適用104學年入學適用105學年入學適用103學年入學相關文件下載畢業須知課程介紹教育目標與素養能力核心課程課程介紹106學年第一學期課程105學年第一學期課程105學年第二學期課程104學年第二學期課程104學年第一學期課程103學年第二學期課程103學年第一學期課程環安教育訓練安衛教育訓練生物安全教育訓練游離輻射防護安全講習毒化物與化學品教育訓練校友專區未來發展畢業生資料表活動剪影

 



 招生專區      本所招生特色    碩班甄試入學      106甄試招生簡章      可收指導教授情況(106.6.15更新)      106指導教授介紹      正備取須知      表格及文件下載    碩班考試入學      可找指導教授情形      106考試正備取須知      106指導教授介紹      106考試招生簡章      106學年度複試時間表及註意事項      表格及文件下載    106新生註冊入學須知(開學日9月11日)      


 



            103選找指導教授



















■104學年度生醫工程研究所可收指導生之教師一覽表 (點選教授姓名, 可連結至教授介紹頁)




103.11.19更新








隸屬學院

所屬系所

姓名

可收指導學生
組別

學術專長



                     資訊學院

                     資工系

邵家健

                     甲

                     網路安全、網格計算、感測/實效網路



黃國源

                     甲

                     信號與影像處理、圖形識別、類神經網路計算、演化式計算、地球物理信號處理、衛星遙測影像處理、井測資料反推



蕭子健

                     甲

                     生醫訊號多變數分析、虛擬醫用儀表



胡毓志

                     甲

                     生物資訊、機器學習、資料探勘、人工智慧



陳永昇

                     甲

                     生醫訊號處理、醫學影像處理、電腦視覺



荊宇泰

                     甲

                     科學計算視覺化、資料結構



                     理學院

                     統計所

盧鴻興

                     甲

                     科學計算、影像科學、生物資訊



                     電物系

羅志偉

                     乙

                     飛秒光學與雷射、凝態物理



簡紋濱

                     丙

                     固態物理實驗、錶面物理實驗、奈米科學實驗、自製掃描探針顯微儀



                     電機學院

                     光電系

黃中垚

                     乙

                      凝態物理、光學物理、材料物理



陳皇銘

                     乙

                     氣體感測元件、液晶模組



                     電機系

林進燈

                     甲

                     Computer Vision, Fuzzy Neural Network, Speech Processing and Control, Brain-Computer Interface



闕河鳴

                     乙

                     晶片系統設計、微電子、電信



邱一

                     乙

                     微機電系統、微感測器、能量擷取



歐陽盟

                     乙

                     Multi-primary color and Vision SOC; Green Display and Lighting SOC; Wireless capsule endoscope system; Hyperspectrum and Biomedical image analysis; Electrical calibrated microsensor IR system



邱俊誠

                     丙

                     Micro Electro Mechanical System, Dynamics Analysis and Control of Structures, Image Stabilizer, Servomechanism System, Non-Invasive Bio-medical Sensors, Analog-Front-End Circuit, CMOS-MEMS Smart Sensor



林昇甫

                     甲

                     影像處理與辨識、模糊類神經網路、圖形識別、智慧型系統設計、電腦視覺



廖育德

                     乙

                     生醫電子系統設計、積體電路設計、感測器設計、無線通訊系統



李義明

                     乙

                     半導體元件模式與模擬、電路模擬與設計最佳化、顯示生醫與能源電子



                     生醫工程
                     研究所

林顯豐

                     乙、丙

                     心臟電生理，自律神經調控，生醫螢光測量分析，生醫電子與信號處理



陳稷康

                     丙

                     醫用超音波，奈米生醫應用



董蘭榮

                     乙

                     醫學影像處理晶片、腸胃道膠囊內視鏡、電化阻抗成像(Electrical Impedance Tomography)、數位X光影像處理



蔡德明

                     乙

                     人工電子耳(Cochlear Prosthesis)、神經手術導航(neurosurgery navigation)、深層腦電刺激(Deep Brain Stimulation)、穿顱磁刺激(Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation)、電阻抗成像(Electrical Impedance Tomography)



陳榮治

                     乙、丙

                     癌症診斷、生醫感測、生醫材料、臨床分析化學



莊競程

                     乙、丙

                     生醫光電工程技術、生醫電子系統、醫學工程



陳冠宇

                     丙

                     Bioprocess Engineering、Nano-Biotechnology for Tissue Engineering, Immunology and Cancer Therapy、Single-domain antibody (Nanobody) Technology for Diagnosis and Therapy、Stem Cells Engineering、Enzymatic Labeling of Proteins、Gene Therapy、Molecular Virology & Immunology



                     生科學院

                     生物科技系

袁俊傑

                     丙

                     分子與細胞生物,訊息傳遞,生物電子,奈米生物



趙瑞益

                     丙

                     抗癌標靶；抗癌藥物；抗癌奈米



柯立偉

                     甲

                     神經工程、計算神經科學、腦機介面、神經訊號處理、遠距健康照護、機械學習和圖形識別



黃植懋

                     丙

                     認知神經科學、神經認知老化、神經可塑性、腦造影技術、神經電生理



楊裕雄

                     丙

                     分子酵素學,結構生物資訊,蛋白質工程,生物電子,生物晶片



何信瑩

                     甲

                     演化式計算、型樣識別、生物晶片分析、計算生物、最佳化系統,系統生物學



                     工學院

                     機械系

陳俊勳

                     丙

                     燃燒防火實驗測試研究、計算流體力學應用於壓縮機熱流分析、半導體製程CVD模擬及火災模式



楊秉祥

                     丙

                     生物力學、生物醫學工程、人體動作控制、神經復健、中風神經生理、安全分析與管理、生醫量測與系統設計、高齡與身障輔具、臨床評估系統、復健與健身器材開發



鄭雲謙

                     丙

                     固態粒子蛋白質陣列晶片、生物感測器、錶面生化結構微米製程、醫療器材開發、電漿醫學　　　　　　     



黃正昇

                     丙

                     生物及光學感測器、蛋白質陣列晶片、微機電系統、微奈米製程、光電元件



                     土木系

楊子儀

                     丙

                     無網格數值分析、計算結構力學、生物材料模擬



                     材料系

陳三元

                     丙

                     功能性奈米光電材料、奈米生醫材料及藥物釋放、奈米結構製程及分析



黃國華

                     丙

                     奈米生物科技、生物電子元件與量測、生物感測器



林欣傑

                     丙

                     前瞻奈米生醫材料、超分子奈米藥物、生醫光電材料、計算材料結構



林宏洲

                     丙

                     液晶顯示(LCD)材料、有機及高分子發光二極體(OLED,PLED)材料、雜環及超分子Solar Cell材料、光電超分子材料、奈米光電高分子材料、生物感測材料



許鉦宗

                     丙

                     奈米電子、奈米生醫感測元件、量子元件、微電子工程



韋光華

                     丙

                     II-VI group colloidal quantum dots/ block copolymer nanocomposites、Clay / polymer nanocomposites, Polyhedral Oligomeric Silsesquioxane/polyimide nanocomposites、Synthesis of donor-acceptor conjugated polymers for photovoltaics、Conjugated polymers/nanoparticles for light emitting diode and photovoltaic devices
                      






























      Copyright © 2013 國立交通大學 生醫工程研究所30010 新竹市大學路1001號工程六館｜TEL：(03)513-1387｜聯絡我們｜網站地圖建議使用Internet Explorer 8~10, Google Chrome | 最佳螢幕解析度為: 1024 x 768












