

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















2016 YEAR END DRILLING PROGRAM, L.P. Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      2016 YEAR END DRILLING PROGRAM, L.P.
                    

•   BOWLING GREEN, KY
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             2016 Year END Drilling Program is based out of Bowling Green.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-10-18.  The notice  included securities offered of Mineral Property Securities
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 1



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from 2016 YEAR END DRILLING PROGRAM, L.P., enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




2016 year end drilling program, l.p.


1151 OLD PORTER PIKE

BOWLING GREEN
KY
                                                        
                                                    42103


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      270-282-8544







Recent SEC Filings




D filed on 10/18/2016
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-10-18
D
OIL AND GAS

      Mineral Property Securities
    
2,340,000
0
2,340,000




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




STEPHEN C  LARKIN

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      



TRAVIS   CREED

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














2016 Year End Drilling Program, L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











2016 Year End Drilling Program, L.P.
List of persons related to the company 2016 Year End Drilling Program, L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of 2016 Year End Drilling Program, L.P..

CIK Number: 0001687736IRS Number: 814111244Company address: 1151 OLD PORTER PIKE  BOWLING GREEN 42103Phone number: 270-282-8544



People related to 2016 Year End Drilling Program, L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryC Larkin  Stephen1151 Old Porter Pike Bowling GreenKYCreed  Travis1151 Old Porter Pike Bowling GreenKY




2016 Year End Drilling Program, L.P. on the Web
Related companies2016 California Claiming Fund LLC, 2016 Check List Fund, LLC, 2016 M25 Group Fund 2, LLC, 2016 RFID Limited Partnership, 2016 Segregated Portfolio, A Segregated Portfolio of Sciens Real Assets Offshore Fund SPC, 2016 Ultra-Safe Fund, LLC, 2016 Wayne County Horizontal, L.P., 2016/2017 Year End Drilling Program, L.P.












 

















 







2016/2017 Year End Drilling Program, L.P. - Oil and Gas- Creed  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









2016/2017 Year End Drilling Program, L.P.

      Industry: Oil and Gas
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1151 Old Porter Pike  
    Bowling Green, KY, 42103Phone: 270-282-8544 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2017-01-18


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06c


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Travis Creed 
 Director, Executive 


 Stephen C Larkin 
 Director, Executive 












	Schlumberger Announces Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Results | Schlumberger








































        In compliance with European Union (EU) legislation for visitors from the EU, Schlumberger requests your permission to place cookies on your computer to both improve your experience and to help us improve our website. To find more about these cookies, see the Schlumberger General Website Privacy Statement.






						Accept
					









 










Login | Register | Regional Sites | Contact













 Services & ProductsSeismicMarine Seismic Acquisition
Land Seismic Acquisition
Seismic Reservoir Characterization
Geophysical Processing 
Survey Design & Modeling
Seismic for Unconventional Resources
Borehole Seismic
Seismic Drilling Support
Multiclient Data Library
Geophysics Software 


Drilling ServicesWellhead Systems
Engineering & Real-Time Analysis
Drilling Services & Systems
LWD & MWD
Contract Drilling
Drilling Equipment Sales & Rentals
Drill Bits
Drilling Tools & Products
Drilling Fluid Solutions, Systems & Products
Surface Logging Services
Solids Control & Cuttings Management
Fluids Processing
Drilling Applications
Cementing Services


CharacterizationPetrophysics 
Geology
Geomechanics
Geophysics 
Reservoir Engineering
Reservoir Testing
Wireline Conveyance
Petrotechnical Services
Real-Time Operations Support


Completions15,000-psi Completions Systems
Multistage Stimulation Systems
Multilateral Completion Systems
Permanent Monitoring 
Intelligent Completions
Packers
Liner Hanger Systems
Isolation Valves
Safety Valves
Sand Control Services
Completion Accessories
Completion Systems, Fluids & Tools
Perforating
Stimulation
Subsea Landing String Services


Subsea ProductionSubsea Landing String Services
Subsea Artificial Lift Systems
OneSubsea


Production Artificial Lift
Production Logging
Production Testing
DryAccess Deepwater Production Systems
Production Monitoring
Production Optimization Services
Corrosion Evaluation and Monitoring
Production Technologies: Chemicals & Treatments


Processing & SeparationIntegrated Surface Production System
Oil Treatment
Water Treatment
Gas Processing & Treatment
Solids Management


Well InterventionCoiled Tubing
Slickline
Thru-Tubing Intervention
Wireline Cased Hole Intervention Service
Subsea Landing String Services
Fishing Services
Sidetracking Whipstocks
Stimulation
Comprehensive Plug and Abandonment Systems


Technical ChallengesDeepwater Operations
Flow Assurance
Geothermal Services
Unconventional Resources
Heavy Oil
Enhanced Oil Recovery
Exploration
Geomechanics
High Pressure, High Temperature
Carbonate Reservoirs


Business SolutionsCarbon Services
Geothermal Services
Integrated Oilfield Projects
Schlumberger Production Management
Schlumberger Robotics Services
NExT Oil and Gas Training and Competency Development
Water Services


SoftwareDrilling Software
Geology Software
Geomechanics Software
Geophysics Software
Data & Analytics
Petroleum Economics Software
Petrotechnical IT
Production Software
Reservoir Engineering Software
Software Development (Ocean)
Software Training
Software Support


CompaniesCameron
Geoservices
MegaStir
M-I SWACO
NExT
Omni Seals
OneSubsea
Smith Bits 
WesternGeco



About UsCorporate ProfileBackgrounder


Executive Management
Guiding PrinciplesCorporate Governance
Workforce Diversity


Global Stewardship
Accountability
Code of Conduct
Schlumberger FoundationAbout the Foundation
Board and Staff


Research & EngineeringResearch Centers
Technology & Product Centers


History1920s: The First Well Log
1930s: Technology in Demand
1940s: New Frontiers
1950s: New Technology, Strategic Acquisitions
1960s: From the Ocean Depths to the Moon
1970s: The Exploration Boom
1980s: A Global Research Drive
1990s: Revolutionary Products
2000s: Building on Core Strengths
2010—Today: The Integration of Technology



Investors
NewsroomPress Releases
Executive Presentations
Inside Schlumberger

HSE HSE Management System
HSE Policy Statement 

CareersWho We Are
Recruiting and Training 
Students and Recent Graduates
Experienced Professionals

AlumniBenefitsHuman Resources
Retiree Medical Plan


Network
News

ResourcesCase Studies
Curve Mnemonic Dictionary
Mobile Applications
MSDS or SDS Sheets
Tech Reports
Videos
WebinarsUpstream Technology Leadership Series
WesternGeco Webinar Series


E-mail Subscriptions
Trade Shows & Events
Free Software Utilitiesi-Handbook
PDSView Software Package for Viewing Oilfield Graphics Data Files
WellSync Application
WellEye 3D Borehole Data Viewer


Industry Articles
Training
Oilfield Glossary
Oilfield ReviewOilfield Review
Past Editions
E&P Defining Series
Apps


PublicationsMiddle East and Asia Reservoir Review
Industry Articles
Reference Books
Reservoir Optimization Conferences


Supply Chain Services
Technical Papers
Other ResourcesBrochures
Product Sheets
Catalogs









        You are here:
        Home > Newsroom > Press Releases > Schlumberger Announces Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Results











Newsroom
Press Releases
Schlumberger Announces Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Results













Schlumberger Announces Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Results


Q4 2016 Earnings Release, with Financial Tables (149 KB PDF) 


(To view PDF files, get Adobe Acrobat Reader.) 
Schlumberger Announces Full-Year and Fourth-Quarter 2016 Results
• Fourth-quarter revenue of $7.1 billion increased 1% sequentially
• Fourth-quarter GAAP loss per share, including charges of $0.42 per share, was $0.15
• Fourth-quarter earnings per share, excluding charges was $0.27
• Fourth-quarter cash flow from operations was $2.0 billion.  Fourth-quarter free cash flow was $1.1 billion
• Full-year cash flow from operations was $6.3 billion.  Full-year free cash flow was $2.5 billion
• Quarterly cash dividend of $0.50 per share approved

Houston, January 20, 2017—Schlumberger Limited (NYSE:SLB) today reported results for full-year 2016 and the fourth quarter of 2016. 
Full-Year Results



(Stated in millions, except per share amounts)




Twelve Months Ended
Change




Dec. 31, 2016
Dec. 31, 2015
Year-on-year


Revenue

$27,810
$35,475
-22%


Pretax operating income

$3,273
$6,510
-50%


Pretax operating margin

11.8%
18.4%
-658 bps


Net income (loss) (GAAP basis)

$(1,687)
$2,072
n/m


Net income, excluding charges and credits*

$1,550
$4,290
-64%


Diluted EPS (loss per share) (GAAP basis)

$(1.24)
$1.63
n/m


Diluted EPS, excluding charges and credits*

$1.14
$3.37
-66%


  








*These are non-GAAP financial measures.  See section below entitled "Charges & Credits" for details.
            n/m=not meaningful 




Full-year 2016 revenue of $27.8 billion decreased 22% year-on-year, despite three quarters of activity from the Cameron Group that contributed $4.2 billion in revenue. Excluding Cameron, consolidated revenue declined 34%.
Full-year 2016 pretax operating income of $3.3 billion, including the $653 million contribution from the Cameron Group, decreased 50% year-on-year. Consolidated margin fell 658 basis points (bps) to 11.8%. Excluding Cameron, consolidated margin fell 727 bps to 11.1%.
Fourth-Quarter Results



(Stated in millions, except per share amounts)




Three Months Ended
Change




Dec. 31, 2016
Sep. 30, 2016
Dec. 31, 2015
Sequential
Year-on-year


Revenue 

$7,107
$7,019
$7,744
1% 
-8% 


Pretax operating income 

$810
$815
$1,288
-1% 
-37% 


Pretax operating margin

11.4%
11.6%
16.6%
-21 bps
-523 bps


Net income (loss) (GAAP basis)

$(204)
$176
$(1,016)
n/m
-80% 


Net income, excluding charges and credits*

$379
$353
$819
7%
-54%


  








Diluted EPS (loss per share) (GAAP basis)

$(0.15)
$0.13
$(0.81)
n/m
n/m


Diluted EPS, excluding charges and credits*

$0.27
$0.25
$0.65
8% 
-58% 


  








*These are non-GAAP financial measures. See section below entitled "Charges & Credits" for details.
            n/m=not meaningful




Schlumberger Chairman and CEO Paal Kibsgaard commented, “Fourth-quarter sequential revenue growth of 1% was driven by strong activity in the Middle East and North America, which was largely offset by continued weakness in Latin America and seasonal activity declines in Europe, CIS and Africa.
“Among the business segments, the fourth-quarter revenue increase was led by the Production Group, which grew 5% due to increased hydraulic fracturing activity in the Middle East and in North America land. Reservoir Characterization Group revenue increased 1% sequentially due to strong Testing & Process activity in Kuwait that outweighed the seasonal decline in Wireline activity in Norway and Russia.  Drilling Group revenue was flat sequentially as continued strong directional drilling activity in North America land was offset by activity declines in Europe/CIS/Africa and Middle East & Asia. Cameron Group revenue was also flat sequentially, with growth in OneSubsea and Surface Systems offset by reduced product sales from Valves & Measurement and from a declining order backlog in Drilling Systems.
“Pretax operating margin was essentially flat sequentially at 11.4% as margin improvements in the Production and Drilling Groups were balanced by contractions in the Cameron and Reservoir Characterization Groups. In recent quarters, we have managed to stabilize our business from an activity and capacity standpoint, and this has subsequently allowed us to refine and reduce our support structure to reflect current activity and service pricing levels. This has led us to record a $536 million restructuring charge in the fourth quarter. We also recorded $139 million of charges relating to the Cameron integration and a currency devaluation loss in Egypt. 
“We maintain our constructive view of the oil markets, as the tightening of the supply and demand balance continued in the fourth quarter, as seen by a steady draw in OECD stocks.  This trend was further strengthened by the December OPEC and non-OPEC agreements to cut production, which should, with a certain lag, accelerate inventory draws, support a further increase in oil prices, and lead to increased E&P investments.
“We expect the growth in investments to initially be led by land operators in North America, where continued negative free cash flows seem less of a constraint, as external funding is readily available and the pursuit of shorter-term equity value takes precedence over full-cycle return on investment. E&P spending surveys currently indicate that 2017 NAM E&P investments will increase by around 30%, led by the Permian basin, which should lead to both higher activity and a long overdue recovery in service industry pricing.
“In the international markets, operators are more focused on full-cycle returns and E&P investments are generally governed by the operators’ free cash flow generation. Based on this, we expect the 2017 recovery in the international markets to start off more slowly, driven by the economic reality facing the E&P industry. This will likely lead to a third successive year of underinvestment, with a continued low rate of new project approvals and an accelerating production decline in the aging production base. These factors together are increasing the likelihood of a significant supply deficit in the medium term, which can only be avoided by a broad-based global increase in E&P spending, which we expect will start unfolding in the later parts of 2017 and leading into 2018. 
“Against this backdrop and following nine consecutive quarters of relentless workforce reductions, cost cutting, and restructuring efforts, we are excited to restore focus on the pursuit of growth and improving returns. As we navigated this downturn, we have streamlined our cost and support structure, continued to drive the underlying efficiency and quality of our business workflows, expanded our offering through maintaining investments in R&E, and made a series of strategic acquisitions. The combination of these actions has enabled us to further strengthen our global market position during the downturn, which will enable us to maintain and extend our well established margin and earnings leadership in both North America and in all parts of the International markets going forward.
“While earnings growth continues to be a very important financial driver for us, full-cycle cash generation is even more critical, and here, we remain unique in the industry. Over the past two years of this downturn, we have generated $7.5 billion in free cash flow, which is more than the rest of our major competitors combined. 
Furthermore, we have returned $8.0 billion to our shareholders through dividends and share buy-backs. This clearly demonstrates the full-cycle robustness of Schlumberger, the careful management of our business, and the strength of our executional capabilities.”
Other Events
During the quarter, Schlumberger repurchased 1.5 million shares of its common stock at an average price of $78.21 per share for a total purchase price of $116 million.
On January 5, 2017, Schlumberger announced the acquisition of Peak Well Systems, a leading specialist enterprise in the design and development of advanced downhole tools for flow control, well intervention, and well integrity.
On January 19, 2017, the Company’s Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of $0.50 per share of outstanding common stock, payable on April 17, 2017 to stockholders of record on February 15, 2017. 
Consolidated Revenue by Geography





(Stated in millions)





Three Months Ended
Change




Dec. 31, 2016
Sept. 30, 2016
Sequential


North America 

$1,765
$1,699
4%


Latin America 

952
992
-4%


Europe/CIS/Africa 

1,834
1,872
-2%


Middle East & Asia 

2,494
2,385
5%


Eliminations & other 

62
71
-13%


 

$7,107
$7,019
1%


North America revenue

$1,765
$1,699
4%


International revenue

$5,280
$5,249
1%




Fourth-quarter revenue of $7.1 billion increased 1% sequentially with North America growing 4% and International increasing 1%.
North America
In North America, revenue increased 4% sequentially, on increased land activity while offshore declined. Excluding Cameron Group results, land revenue experienced double-digit growth driven by strong hydraulic fracturing activity as stage count increased, and higher uptake of Drilling & Measurements, Bits & Drilling Tools, and M-I SWACO products and services as rig count increased.  Revenue on land in the US also posted double-digit growth on higher activity and a modest pricing recovery, while revenue in Western Canada grew strongly  from a winter ramp-up in activity in addition to higher sales of artificial lift products. Revenue also increased from year-end WesternGeco multiclient seismic license sales that were, however, muted when compared to prior years. Sales from Valves & Measurement and Drilling Systems declined.
International Areas
International revenue increased 1% sequentially led by strong growth in the Middle East & Asia Area, which was partially offset by continued weakness in the Latin America Area and seasonal activity declines in the Europe/CIS/Africa Area.
Middle East & Asia Area revenue increased 5% sequentially. This was mainly due to strong fracturing and Integrated Production Services (IPS) activity on unconventional land resource developments and increased productivity from land seismic crews in Saudi Arabia. Revenue in Egypt increased from higher perforating, while Qatar grew from increased horizontal logging work. These increases, however, were partially offset by declines in Drilling & Measurements and Integrated Drilling Services (IDS) activity and lower equipment sales in the India GeoMarket as projects were completed and well campaigns delayed.  
Revenue in the Latin America Area declined 4% sequentially, mainly in the Mexico & Central America GeoMarket where customer budget constraints led to a sharp drop in overall rig count that impacted onshore and offshore operations, affecting both deepwater and shallow-water projects. Revenue in Mexico also declined following the strong marine surveys and multiclient license seismic sales last quarter. Revenue in Argentina decreased as unconventional resource development work was affected by unfavorable weather conditions and other delays. These declines, however, were partially mitigated by strong drilling and project activity in the Peru, Colombia & Ecuador GeoMarket as the rig count increased by 46% following the rise in oil prices.
Europe/CIS/Africa Area revenue decreased 2% sequentially mainly due to the seasonal conclusion of peak summer drilling activity in Russia and exploration services campaigns in Norway that impacted all Technologies, led by Wireline, Drilling & Measurements, and M-I SWACO.  The Sub-Saharan Africa GeoMarket contributed to the Area revenue decline as rigs demobilized and projects were completed, mainly in Angola and Congo. These decreases were partially offset by strong OneSubsea project activity and execution.
Reservoir Characterization Group



(Stated in millions, except per share amounts)




Three Months Ended
Change




Dec. 31, 2016
Sep. 30, 2016
Dec. 31, 2015
Sequential
Year-on-year


Revenue 

$1,699
$1,689
$2,193
1% 
-23% 


Pretax operating income 

$316
$322
$521
-2%
-39% 


Pretax operating margin 

18.6% 
19.1% 
23.8% 
-49 bps 
-519 bps 




Reservoir Characterization Group revenue was $1.7 billion, with 76% coming from international operations. Revenue was 1% higher sequentially due to the ramp-up in activity on the early production facilities projects in Kuwait, higher Wireline perforating activity in Egypt, increased horizontal logging work in Qatar, and increased software license and maintenance sales. These effects were partially offset by the seasonal decrease in Wireline activity in the Northern Hemisphere.
Pretax operating margin of 19% decreased 49 bps sequentially as the increased contribution from software and maintenance sales was more than offset by the decline in high-margin Wireline exploration activities.
Reservoir Characterization Group performance was boosted by a number of Integrated Services Management (ISM) projects, new contract awards, technology deployments, and transformation efficiencies during the quarter.
In Ecuador, Schlumberger provided ISM for Petroamazonas EP and Sinopec to optimize drilling on the Tiputini project. The Bits & Drilling Tools ONYX* polycrystalline diamond compact (PDC) cutter and Stinger* conical diamond element technologies enabled better steerability and stability as well as longer and faster runs. In addition, Wireline Dielectric Scanner* multifrequency dielectric dispersion service directly measured water volume and textural rock information while the Dual-Packer Module isolated the interval for the MDT* modular formation dynamics tester tool. Furthermore, PowerJet Nova* extradeep penetrating shaped charges delivered improved efficiency. The customer reduced total drilling time to 7 1/2 days from the expected 11 days, equivalent to an estimated cost savings of $250,000.
In Egypt, Belayim Petroleum Company (Petrobel), a joint venture between Egyptian General Petroleum Corporation and IEOC Production B.V., awarded Schlumberger Testing & Process a contract valued at $70 million for the engineering, procurement, construction, commissioning, and operation of a facility for the Zohr gas field. The facility, which is expected to be completed 11 months from the date of the award, will provide accelerated production of gas during the first phase of the project. In addition, Testing & Process used a combination of technologies for Petrobel to complete a production test of the first offshore appraisal well of the Zohr discovery in the Shorouk block. Working at a water depth of 1,450 m, the production test string included a SenTREE 3* subsea test tree combined with Muzic* wireless telemetry technology, which activated the SCAR* inline independent reservoir fluid sampling and Quartet* downhole reservoir testing systems. The use of Testing Manager* well testing real-time data monitoring and collaboration software enabled real-time transient analysis and optimization of the well test program.
In Mexico, Pemex awarded WesternGeco a 2,400-km2 full-azimuth ocean-bottom-cable project over the Canin Suuk field in the shallow-water Bay of Campeche. The field is in an area with high prospectivity within their exploration portfolio and requires new seismic technology to provide better imaging due to its salt tectonics complexity. The WesternGeco vessel WG Tasman, newly converted to ocean-bottom operations, will use Q-Seabed* multicomponent seabed seismic technology that has a system designed to ensure uniform coupling in all directions. Acquisition began in 2016 and will continue for approximately one year.
Offshore Norway, Wireline introduced a combination of technologies for Lundin Norway to overcome challenging formation geology and reduce operating time in a well in the Barents Sea. The potential presence of large caves that were not visible via surface seismic imaging required the use of high-resolution imaging in, around, and beyond the borehole. Technologies included the hDVS distributed acoustic sensing (DAS) system using a wireline cable with integrated optical fibers, a Z-Trac* downhole vibrator, and a VSI* versatile seismic imager all within a single toolstring. The data acquired by having the vibrator and imager downhole enabled the customer to see potential hazards ahead of the drill bit and mitigate drilling risk. The DAS technology reduced operating time to 30 minutes compared with conventional VSP acquisition that can require up to eight hours. 
Offshore the UAE, Testing & Process deployed a combination of technologies for Al Hosn Gas in the Hail and Gasha fields. The combination included an eFire-TCP* tubing-conveyed perforating electronic firing head and new perforation correlation technology, both enabled by Muzic* wireless telemetry. The wirelessly-enabled depth correlation was consistent with the traditional wireline gamma ray and casing collar locator method. In addition, real-time downhole data helped determine reservoir properties, assessed well performance during and after stimulation, and supported downhole sampling decisions to reduce the original well test program by 18 hours.
The transformation program enabled reductions in equipment numbers and tool reliability repair costs for Schlumberger by using Technology Lifecycle Management (TLM).  In Saudi Arabia for example, Schlumberger at its Middle East Center for Reliability and Efficiency (CRE) in Dhahran implemented a new maintenance system for Testing & Process Services that decreased the overall cost of equipment repair by 48% and improved turnaround time by 21% in the first three months of operations. In Australia, WesternGeco deployed its newly developed eSource marine seismic energy source on the Amazon Conqueror for a multiclient survey. TLM methodology delivers seismic source reliability improvements for all WesternGeco sources including the eSource project which is using an acquisition technique that depends on high source reliability to ensure maximum operational efficiency. From 2014 to 2016, the reliability of WesternGeco sources improved 47%.
Drilling Group



(Stated in millions, except per share amounts)




Three Months Ended
Change




Dec. 31, 2016
Sep. 30, 2016
Dec. 31, 2015
Sequential
Year-on-year


Revenue 

$2,013
$2,021
$2,953
-
-32% 


Pretax operating income 

$234
$218
$494
7% 
-53% 


Pretax operating margin 

11.6% 
10.8% 
16.7% 
81 bps 
-511 bps 




Drilling Group revenue of $2.0 billion, of which 76% came from the international markets, was flat sequentially as the continued strong directional drilling activity in North America land was offset by lower drilling activity in the International Areas.  The improvement in North America revenue came from increased uptake of Drilling & Measurements, Bits & Drilling Tools, and M-I SWACO products and services. The decreased revenue in the International Areas was due to completed Drilling & Measurement and IDS projects in India and Iraq, while the winter slowdown in Russia and Norway affected Drilling & Measurements and M-I SWACO activity.
Pretax operating margin of 12% expanded 81 bps sequentially despite revenue being flat. This was due to pricing improvements from greater uptake of drilling technologies on increasing activity on land in the US which mainly affected Drilling & Measurements and Bits & Drilling Tools. Margin also expanded as a result of operational execution in IDS, M-I SWACO, and Bits & Drilling Tools and through continuing transformation-related benefits as resources were aligned to match the shape of the recovery.  
A combination of IDS projects, contract awards, new technology deployments, and transformation efficiencies contributed to Drilling Group performance in the fourth quarter.
In the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) region, IDS delivered a 40% drilling performance improvement in the first three quarters of 2016 compared with non-integrated drilling services in similar fields. The improvement is based on the feet drilled per hour below the rotary table. This achievement was enabled by a combination of drilling technologies, such as PowerDrive Archer* high build rate and PowerDrive Xceed* ruggedized rotary steerable systems to optimize drilling times in horizontal wells and during extended reach drilling. This included the use of RigHour* multiwell drilling operational efficiency analysis, and ROPO* rate of penetration optimization software, which adjusts drilling parameters to maximize on-bottom drilling performance. Schlumberger combined these technologies with integrated workflows overseen by multidisciplinary domain experts in the Saudi Arabia and Abu Dhabi Drilling Technology Integration Centers to reduce both drilling and overall development costs. 
In Norway, Statoil awarded Schlumberger an eight-year contract with optional periods to deliver integrated well construction services for one of its Cat-J jackup rigs being built for operations in the harsh environments and shallow wells of the Norwegian Continental Shelf. Schlumberger will provide planning and execution for directional drilling, measurement- and logging-while-drilling, mud logging, drilling and completion fluids, cementing, pumping, slot recovery and fishing, electrical wireline logging, waste management, completions, downhole mechanical isolation, mechanical well wash and tubing-conveyed perforating for the Gullfaks satellites field with operations planned for start-up later this year.
In the Norwegian sector of the North Sea, Drilling & Measurements used the GeoSphere* reservoir mapping-while-drilling service for ExxonMobil to map a complex injectite reservoir and effectively geosteer into target sands in the Balder field. Given two goals—avoid costly pilot holes in development wells that often failed to provide sufficient information to help land the producer wells and avoid setting the casing in thin injectite sands—GeoSphere technology mapped the top of the massive sands from more than 20 m total vertical depth above and detected the oil/water contact while landing the 12 ¼-in section before penetrating the reservoir. For the 8 ½-in reservoir section, the customer was able to plan a geosteering strategy ahead of the bit by combining seismic interpretation and GeoSphere mapping results, and thus increased the productivity of the wells.
In West Texas, Drilling & Measurements used a combination of technologies to establish a new record in drilling performance for an operator in the Permian basin. The bottomhole assembly included PowerDrive Orbit* rotary steerable systems to optimize directional drilling and a DynaForce* high-performance drilling motor, which provides the highest torque at the bit and outperforms conventional motors in high-volume drilling. In addition, SlimPulse* retrievable MWD service provided direction, inclination, toolface, and gamma ray measurements in real time for mud-pulse telemetry. The customer drilled a 7,814-ft lateral in less than 22 hours, which surpassed the customer’s previous footage record in the Permian basin by 47%. As a result, the customer reduced drilling time by 18 hours compared with a previous lateral.
In Ecuador, a Drilling & Measurements PowerDrive*X6 rotary steerable system with customized Smith PDC bit technologies was deployed for Orion Energy to improve drilling performance in a well in the Ocano field. With remote support from experts at the Drilling Technology Integration Center, the operations team drilled 6,400 ft of the 16-in well section in 30 hours, increasing the rate of penetration (ROP) to 201 ft/hr compared with 136 ft/hr in similar wells, a 48% net increase. As a result, the customer saved approximately $100,000 in drilling costs by completing the well section two days earlier than originally planned.
In Egypt, Drilling & Measurements used the GeoSphere* reservoir mapping-while-drilling service for Belayim Petroleum Company (Petrobel), a joint venture between Egyptian General Petroleum Corporation and IEOC Production B.V., to eliminate a pilot hole in the Abu Rudeis field.  An unconformity at the top of the oil-bearing sandstone initially required a pilot hole to determine intermediate casing depth while pressurized shales above the target zone required a high mud weight that made penetration of the target sand challenging due to potential mud circulation losses. GeoSphere technology used deep directional electromagnetic measurements to reveal subsurface bedding and fluid contact details more than 100 ft from the wellbore, which helped manage the geological uncertainty and drilling risk. By eliminating the pilot hole, the customer saved approximately $1.8 million.
In Russia, Bits & Drilling Tools used a combination of drillbit technologies for LLC LUKOIL-Komi, a subsidiary production enterprise of PAO LUKOIL, to eliminate four bit trips and increase the ROP in an offset well in the Kyrtaelskoye field in the Timano-Pechora region. ONYX 360* rolling PDC cutter technology increased bit durability due to its 360° of rotation while Stinger* conical diamond elements provided superior impact strength and wear resistance in this hard and highly abrasive sand formation. In addition, due to its modular design, the Drilling & Measurements PowerPak* steerable motor was customized to the drilling environment. As a result, the customer achieved an average ROP of 9.3 m/h, a 40% increase compared with the maximum ROP achieved in offset wells. Furthermore, the customer saved five days of operations by drilling the 8 5/8-in section in 15 days instead of the expected 20 days.
In the Neuquén basin in Argentina, M-I SWACO used KLA-SHIELD* enhanced-polymer water-base drilling fluid for Wintershall Argentina to drill a 3,281-ft lateral in a challenging formation defined by abnormally high pore pressure, natural fractures, stresses, and general geomechanical complexity. The KLA-SHIELD system optimized with STARGLIDE ROP-enhancing lubricant and DRILZONE rate-of-penetration-enhancing antiaccretion additive, provided an alternative to non-aqueous drilling fluids. In addition, VIRTUAL HYDRAULICS* drilling fluid simulation software traced the well trajectory, performed torque and drag simulations, evaluated the rheology in terms of equivalent circulating density, and optimized hole cleaning. The customer benefitted by drilling the well and lateral in 70 days without any caving, swelling, or tight wellbore issues.
The transformation program enabled an increase in reliability and efficiency as well as product and service delivery. Design, engineering, and maintenance teams in Drilling & Measurements at the Middle East CRE in Dhahran, Saudi Arabia, collaborated to create ruggedized modular housings for measurement-while-drilling tools and decrease their susceptibility to movement and wear in a high-shock environment. As a result, the reliability of ImPulse* integrated MWD platform tools increased 240% and the reliability of adnVISION* azimuthal density neutron service tools increased by 47% in the first six months of the CRE’s operation.
Production Group



(Stated in millions, except per share amounts)




Three Months Ended
Change




Dec. 31, 2016
Sep. 30, 2016
Dec. 31, 2015
Sequential
Year-on-year


Revenue 

$2,179
$2,083
$2,632
5% 
-17% 


Pretax operating income 

$132
$98
$302
34% 
-56% 


Pretax operating margin 

6.0% 
4.7% 
11.5% 
134 bps 
-542 bps 




Production Group revenue of $2.2 billion, of which 72% came from the international markets, was 5% higher sequentially from strong fracturing activity on unconventional resource developments on land in the Middle East, mainly in Saudi Arabia, and in North America where the land rig count and fracturing stage count increased.  Revenue on land in the US increased both on volume and on a modest pricing recovery. Revenue in Western Canada grew from a seasonal winter ramp-up in activity in addition to higher sales of artificial lift products. Cementing revenue was up 30% mostly in North America and IPS grew three-fold primarily in the International Areas.
Pretax operating margin of 6% increased 134 bps sequentially on increased activity, which drove efficiency and better operational execution in the Middle East. The modest pricing recovery on land in the US also contributed to the margin expansion.
Production Group results benefitted from contract awards, new technology deployments, and transformation initiatives to improve operational efficiency during the quarter. 
The Kuwait Oil Company awarded Schlumberger a contract for the supply and installation of ResFlow* inflow control devices to be used in sandstone reservoirs and in a 140-well carbonate development project. ResFlow technology helps maintain uniform inflow rates across the entire interval in openhole completions, even in the presence of permeability variations and thief zones. These two technically challenging developments require reliable equipment that can operate in complex wells in order to control and understand reservoir behavior.
In China, Well Services used a combination of technologies for the Schlumberger-CoPower joint venture to overcome a tight, under-pressurized gas reservoir in the Ordos basin. FiberFRAC* fiber-based fracturing fluid technology created a fiber network within the fracturing fluid, providing a mechanical means to transport and place the proppant. In addition, composite fluid from BroadBand* unconventional reservoir completion services minimized potential screenouts and optimized proppant distribution. The customer achieved an average production of nearly 2,280 Mscf/d for 11 wells compared with six offset wells that used conventional fracturing fluids and had an average production of 812 Mscf/d.
In the UAE, Well Services HiWAY* flow-channel fracturing technique and UltraMARINE* seawater-base fracturing fluid were deployed in an offshore environment to stimulate low-permeability, high-stress source rock for Dubai Petroleum. Eight proppant fracturing jobs were successfully placed with over half a million pounds pumped. These are the first multistage, offshore source rock hydraulic fracturing treatments done in the world, and the eight jobs were completed in 40 hours.
In Ecuador, Well Services used the Invizion Evaluation* well integrity service for Consortium Shushufindi to overcome wellbore integrity challenges in the Shushufindi field. The integration of multiwell data using the Techlog* wellbore software platform enabled Invizion Evaluation technology to identify post-placement channeling and differential crossflow between target sands. After optimization of the original drilling program with improved cement formulation and additives, the well showed no sign of post-placement channeling. As a result, the customer avoided potential remedial operational costs equivalent to $450,000.
Offshore Indonesia, Schlumberger used the MZ-Xpress* system for performing multizone fracturing and gravel packing for ENI on the Jangkrik project. Two MZ-Xpress systems were each installed in a single trip to provide multizone sand control in a well featuring five producing layers across two different casing sizes. The customer saved approximately 6.5 days of rig time over four zones of completion, equivalent to $5.1 million in cost savings.
In North America, the transformation enabled decreases in the cost of asset ownership and improved operating efficiencies for Well Services. To optimize the inventory of materials and supplies, a new Supply Planning organization analyzed spend data to ensure stock is on hand for commonly used items and maximized sharing opportunities. In June 2016, only four months after its creation, the organization reduced stock on hand by 20%. Moreover, the use of Logistics Control towers that centralize management and delivery of field supplies, such as proppant for hydraulic fracturing operations, minimized costs for operating locations by conducting all of the planning, tactical sourcing, and purchase-order generation to ensure cost-effective service delivery of proppant to the field. Since opening in late 2014, these control towers have saved the Company $250 million in trucking costs.
In North Texas, the transformation enabled Well Services to improve tool reliability and reduce maintenance costs. The CRE in Denton implemented prognostic health management (PHM), using real-time pump data collected from field locations. During the six months after implementation, PHM achieved an estimated $6 million of savings in operation costs.
Cameron Group



(Stated in millions, except per share amounts)




Three Months Ended
Change




Dec. 31, 2016
Sep. 30, 2016
Dec. 31, 2015
Sequential
Year-on-year


Revenue 

$1,346
$1,341
$2,088
- 
-36% 


Pretax operating income 

$188
$215
$354
-13% 
-47% 


Pretax operating margin 

14.0% 
16.0% 
17.0% 
-207 bps 
-298 bps 


  








*Fourth-quarter 2015 is presented on a pro forma basis for comparitive purposes.




Cameron Group revenue of $1.3 billion, of which 71% came from international markets, was flat sequentially. Among the Group’s businesses, OneSubsea reported an 11% sequential increase from strong project activity and execution in the Europe/CIS/Africa and Latin America Areas, while Surface Systems posted strong sales in the Middle East. These increases, however, were offset by a decline in revenue in Drilling Systems driven by falling backlog and lower bookings. Valves & Measurement was also lower following the prior quarter’s strong international shipments.
Pretax operating margin of 14% declined 207 bps sequentially due to the drop in high-margin Drilling Systems project volume.
Cameron Group secured multiple strategic contract awards, including the industry’s longest deepwater subsea multiphase boosting tieback and contracts to reduce the total cost of ownership for offshore equipment. 
Murphy Exploration & Production Company–USA, a subsidiary of Murphy Oil Corporation, awarded the Subsea Integration Alliance the industry’s first deepwater integrated subsea engineering, procurement, construction, installation, and commissioning (EPCIC) multiphase boosting system contract for the Dalmatian field in the US Gulf of Mexico. It will be the industry’s longest deepwater subsea multiphase boosting tieback and the first EPCIC project award for the Subsea Integration Alliance, which was formed in July 2015 between OneSubsea, Schlumberger, and Subsea 7. The contract scope includes the supply and installation of subsea multiphase boosting, topside and subsea controls, and a 35-km integrated power and control umbilical. Offshore installation activities are scheduled to begin in 2018.
Statoil awarded OneSubsea an engineering, procurement, and construction contract to supply the subsea production system for the Utgard gas and condensate field in the North Sea. Contract scope includes a subsea template manifold system, two subsea wellheads and vertical monobore subsea trees, production control system, and associated intervention and workover tooling. Working in close collaboration with Statoil, OneSubsea will develop a new subsea wellhead system that is suitable for the fairly shallow waters of the Utgard field. OneSubsea and Statoil have already worked together to qualify a vertical monobore subsea tree as a standardized solution for Statoil’s subsea developments. The vertical trees, which are part of the contract deliverables, will be assembled and tested at the OneSubsea facility in Horsøy, Norway.
Transocean awarded Schlumberger two 10-year pressure control equipment management service contracts valued at more than $350 million. The first contract includes Schlumberger management of Transocean’s Cameron risers in the US Gulf of Mexico as well as storage, maintenance, inspection, repair, recertification, and data-driven riser management on the rigs. The second contract entails the provision of a comprehensive suite of Schlumberger solutions to maintain and service blowout preventer systems and other pressure control equipment for nine Transocean ultra-deepwater and harsh environment drilling rigs. These contracts will help to reduce total cost of ownership for offshore equipment and increase uptime associated with pressure control equipment via integrated technical, operational, and commercial solutions.
In Saudi Arabia, Valves & Measurement was selected by multiple engineering, procurement, and construction companies led by Saudi KAD to provide and install over $40 million of GROVE* ball valves and LEDEEN* actuators to support key pipeline projects related to the Master Gas Phase II and Fadhili Gas programs. Schlumberger in-Kingdom facilities and support for commissioning and execution activities positioned Cameron to be the ideal partner for this project.
Supplemental Information
1) What is the capex guidance for the full year 2017?
Capex (excluding multiclient and SPM investments) is expected to be $2.2 billion for 2017.  Capex for the full year 2016 was $2.1 billion.
2) What was the free cash flow as a percentage of net income before noncontrolling interests and charges and credits, for the fourth quarter of 2016?
Free cash flow, which was $1.1 billion and included approximately $150 million of severance payments, as a percentage of income from continuing operations before noncontrolling interests and charges and credits was 274% for the fourth quarter of 2016.

3) What was the free cash flow as a percentage of net income from continuing operations before noncontrolling interests and charges and credits, for the full year 2016?
Free cash flow, which was $2.5 billion and included approximately $850 million of payments associated with workforce reductions and $100 million of transaction-related payments associated with the Cameron acquisition, as a percentage of net income before noncontrolling interests and charges and credits was 158% for the full year 2016.
4) What was included in “Interest and other income” for the fourth quarter of 2016?
“Interest and other income” for the fourth quarter of 2016 was $47 million. This amount consisted of earnings of equity method investments of $18 million and interest income of $29 million.
5) How did interest income and interest expense change during the fourth quarter of 2016?
Interest income of $29 million decreased $1 million sequentially. Interest expense of $139 million decreased $10 million sequentially.
6) What is the difference between pretax operating income and Schlumberger’s consolidated income before taxes?

The difference principally consists of corporate items (including charges and credits) and interest income and interest expense not allocated to the segments as well as stock-based compensation expense, amortization expense associated with certain intangible assets (including intangible asset amortization expense resulting from the acquisition of Cameron), certain centrally managed initiatives, and other nonoperating items.
7) What was the effective tax rate (ETR) for the fourth quarter of 2016? 
The ETR for the fourth quarter of 2016 calculated in accordance with GAAP was 8.8% as compared to 5.1% for the third quarter of 2016.  The ETR for the fourth quarter of 2016, excluding charges and credits, was 15.8% as compared to 16.0% for the third quarter of 2016.
8) How many shares of common stock were outstanding as of December 31, 2016 and how did this change from the end of the previous quarter?
There were 1.391 billion shares of common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2016.  The following table shows the change in the number of shares outstanding from September 30, 2016 to December 31, 2016.




(Stated in millions)


Shares outstanding at September 30, 2016

1,391



Shares sold to optionees, less shares exchanged

1



Vesting of restricted stock

-



Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan

-



Stock repurchase program

(1)



Shares outstanding at December 31, 2016

1,391





9) What was the weighted average number of shares outstanding during the fourth quarter of 2016 and third quarter of 2016 and how does this reconcile to the average number of shares outstanding, assuming dilution used in the calculation of diluted earnings per share, excluding charges and credits?
The weighted average number of shares outstanding during the fourth quarter of 2016 was 1.391 billion and 1.392 billion during the third quarter of 2016.

The following is a reconciliation of the weighted average shares outstanding to the average number of shares outstanding, assuming dilution, used in the calculation of diluted earnings per share, excluding charges and credits.





(Stated in millions)



 
Fourth
            Quarter 2016

Third Quarter
            2016


Weighted average shares outstanding
 
1,391
 
1,392


Assumed exercise of stock options
 
5
 
4


Unvested restricted stock
 
5
 
5


Average shares outstanding assuming dilution
 
1,401
 
1,401




10) What was the amount of WesternGeco multiclient sales in the fourth quarter of 2016?
Multiclient sales, including transfer fees, were $143 million in the fourth quarter of 2016 and $144 million in the third quarter of 2016.
11) What was the WesternGeco backlog at the end of the fourth quarter of 2016?
WesternGeco backlog, which is based on signed contracts with customers, was $759 million at the end of the fourth quarter of 2016.  It was $845 million at the end of the third quarter of 2016.
12)What were the orders and backlogs for Cameron Group’s OneSubsea and Drilling Systems businesses?
OneSubsea and Drilling Systems orders and backlogs were as follows:







(Stated in millions)


Orders

Fourth
            Quarter 2016
Third Quarter
            2016


OneSubsea

$523
$434


Drilling Systems

$132
$179


 





Backlog (at the end of period)





OneSubsea

$2,526
$2,527


Drilling Systems

$607
$865




13) What do the various charges Schlumberger recorded during the fourth quarter of 2016 relate to?
We are making further adjustments to our global support structure and facilities footprint to align our resources to the shape of the recovery. This has led us to record $536 million in restructuring charges. We have also recorded $139 million of pretax charges relating to the Cameron acquisition and a currency devaluation loss in Egypt.  These $675 million of pretax charges consist of the following:

-  $234 million of workforce reduction costs 
-  $165 million of facility closure costs
-  $98 million of costs associated with exiting certain activities
-  $76 million of merger and integration costs relating to the Cameron acquisition
-  $63 million of currency devaluation loss in Egypt
-  $39 million of contract termination costs


 
About Schlumberger
Schlumberger is the world’s leading provider of technology for reservoir characterization, drilling, production, and processing to the oil and gas industry. Working in more than 85 countries and employing approximately 100,000 people who represent over 140 nationalities, Schlumberger supplies the industry's most comprehensive range of products and services, from exploration through production, and integrated pore-to-pipeline solutions that optimize hydrocarbon recovery to deliver reservoir performance.
Schlumberger Limited has principal offices in Paris, Houston, London and The Hague, and reported revenues of $27.81 billion in 2016. For more information, visit www.slb.com.
*Mark of Schlumberger or of Schlumberger companies.
Notes
Schlumberger will hold a conference call to discuss the earnings press release and business outlook on Friday, January 20, 2017. The call is scheduled to begin at 7:30 a.m. (US Central Time), 8:30 a.m. (Eastern Time), 2:30 p.m. (Paris time). To access the call, which is open to the public, please contact the conference call operator at +1 (800) 288-8967 within North America, or +1 (612) 333-4911 outside North America, approximately 10 minutes prior to the call’s scheduled start time.  Ask for the “Schlumberger Earnings Conference Call.” At the conclusion of the conference call an audio replay will be available until February 20, 2017 by dialing +1 (800) 475-6701 within North America, or +1 (320) 365-3844 outside North America, and providing the access code 405410.
The conference call will be webcast simultaneously at www.slb.com/irwebcast on a listen-only basis. Please log in 15 minutes ahead of time to test your browser and register for the call. A replay of the webcast will also be available at the same web site until March 31, 2017.
For more information, contact
Simon Farrant – Schlumberger Limited, Vice President of Investor Relations
Joy V. Domingo – Schlumberger Limited, Manager of Investor Relations
Office +1 (713) 375-3535
investor-relations@slb.com
###
This full-year and fourth-quarter 2016 earnings release, as well as other statements we make, contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which include any statements that are not historical facts, such as our forecasts or expectations regarding business outlook; growth for Schlumberger as a whole and for each of its segments (and for specified products or geographic areas within each segment); oil and natural gas demand and production growth; oil and natural gas prices; improvements in operating procedures and technology, including our transformation program; capital expenditures by Schlumberger and the oil and gas industry; the business strategies of Schlumberger’s customers; the anticipated benefits of the Cameron transaction; the success of Schlumberger’s joint ventures and alliances; future global economic conditions; and future results of operations. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, global economic conditions; changes in exploration and production spending by Schlumberger’s customers and changes in the level of oil and natural gas exploration and development; general economic, political and business conditions in key regions of the world; foreign currency risk; pricing pressure; weather and seasonal factors; operational modifications, delays or cancellations; production declines; changes in government regulations and regulatory requirements, including those related to offshore oil and gas exploration, radioactive sources, explosives, chemicals, hydraulic fracturing services and climate-related initiatives; the inability of technology to meet new challenges in exploration; the inability to integrate the Cameron business and to realize expected synergies; the inability to retain key employees; and other risks and uncertainties detailed in this full-year and fourth-quarter 2016 earnings release and Supplemental Information and our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission. If one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialize (or the consequences of any such development changes), or should our underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual outcomes may vary materially from those reflected in our forward-looking statements. Schlumberger disclaims any intention or obligation to update publicly or revise such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
###

For further information, contact:
                    
                    Simon Farrant – Schlumberger Limited, Vice President of Investor Relations
Joy V. Domingo – Schlumberger Limited, Manager of Investor Relations

Tel: +1 (713) 375-3535
investor-relations@slb.com












    © 2017 Schlumberger Limited. All rights reserved. | Privacy | Terms | Help | Site Map | Contact





























 

        










Marquee Energy Ltd. Announces Corporate Update, Year-End 2016 Financial and Operating Results and Year-End 2016 Reserves - Energy News for the Canadian Oil & Gas Industry | EnergyNow.ca








































































































































 Sign Up for FREE Daily Energy News


Stay Connected











Skip to content


 


 
  

     
  

Stay Connected

 


 






 




 








BREAKING NEWS:
                  


Pipeline project, wildfires top agenda for first meeting between Trudeau, HorganBlackbird Energy Inc. Provides Drilling, Recompletion and Infrastructure Development UpdateU.A.E. Sees OPEC Considering Oil-Cuts Extension in NovemberAnadarko Cuts Drilling Plan as Oil Explorers Bow to SlumpHalliburton Sees Drillers `Tap the Brakes’ on Shale BoomTotal Energy Services Inc. Announces 2017 Second Quarter Conference Call and WebcastWindfire Signs Agreement to Acquire Off-Shore Oil Blocks in NamibiaPrairieSky Announces Second Quarter 2017 ResultsSupporters, foes clash over underwater oil pipeline’s futureWeekly Canadian Oil & Gas Industry Highlights – July 24, 2017New Methane Gas Emission Rules Raise Questions​  – MNP LLPSaudis Plan to Tackle Lagging Compliance With Oil Cuts `Head On’This Obscure NAFTA Chapter Could Be Canada’s Deal-Breaker Again
















 



 
 
 









Marquee Energy Ltd. Announces Corporate Update, Year-End 2016 Financial and Operating Results and Year-End 2016 Reserves 
                May 1, 2017 by The Canadian Press            



FOR: MARQUEE ENERGY LTD.OTCQX Symbol: MQLXFTSX VENTURE Symbol: MQLDate issue: May 01, 2017Time in: 8:53 PM eAttention:
CALGARY, AB --(Marketwired - May 01, 2017) -
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO U.S. NEWS SERVICES OR FOR DISSEMINTATION IN THE UNITED
STATES
Marquee Energy Ltd. ("Marquee" or the "Company") (TSX VENTURE: MQX) announces
a corporate update, its fourth quarter operational results and financial
results for the three and twelve months ended December 31, 2016, and year-end
2016 reserves. The Company's financial statements and Management's Discussion
and Analysis ("MD&A") for the three months and twelve months ended December
31, 2016 are available on SEDAR at www.sedar.com and on Marquee's website at
www.marquee-energy.com.
CORPORATE UPDATE
In response to persistent low commodity prices throughout 2016, the Company
reduced its capital budget and focused its efforts over the past year on
improving its balance sheet and liquidity position in order to re-position the
Company to resume development of its light oil asset at Michichi, Alberta.
During the second quarter of 2016, the Company disposed of non-core shallow
gas assets and heavy oil assets for net proceeds of $5.1 million, reducing
decommissioning liabilities by $31.5 million and eliminating future capital
commitments of $22.3 million.
On December 6, 2016, Alberta Oilsands Inc. ("AOS") and Marquee Energy Ltd.
("Old Marquee"), completed a plan of arrangement pursuant to which AOS
acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Old Marquee and Old
Marquee became a wholly-owned subsidiary of AOS (the "Arrangement").
Immediately following the Arrangement, Old Marquee was amalgamated into AOS by
way of short-form vertical amalgamation, to form the Company, which operates
under the name of "Marquee Energy Ltd". The Company reports on SEDAR under the
previous AOS profile. This transaction, in combination with the
rationalization of non-core properties during 2016, reduced bank debt to $15.8
million at December 31, 2016 representing a reduction of $36.6 million from
December 31, 2015.
Highlights of the Company's asset base include:
/T/
--  Over 320 multi-zone horizontal development drilling locations at
    Michichi targeting the Banff reservoir have been identified through
    extensive 2D and 3D seismic, vertical well control (1,300 vertical
    wells) and offsetting horizontal wells drilled in the Michichi area;
/T/
/T/
--  Costs to drill, complete, equip, and tie-in a new horizontal well have
    continued to decrease with current estimated expenditures of $1.7
    million per well. Economics based on the April 25, 2017 strip price
    forecast indicates that new wells at Michichi are expected to payout in
    approximately 1.2 years and generate an internal rate of return of 76%
    with finding and development costs of approximately $9/boe; and
/T/
/T/
--  Operatorship of two gas plants and an oil battery, as well as an
    extensive gathering system and field compression provide opportunities
    for timely tie-in of new production.
/T/
The Company's Board of Directors approved a capital program of approximately
$7.0 million for the first half of 2017. Marquee remains focused on the
management of its balance sheet and believes it is prudent to limit capital
spending to free corporate cash flow at this time. Details on guidance for
2017 and further capital plans for the year will be forthcoming.
The Company recently completed its Q1 2017 drilling program at Michichi with
all three wells being placed on production in early April. The three wells
continue to clean-up post completion, and over the last week have averaged 180
boe/d per well (based on field estimates). Marquee will provide further well
performance updates as it becomes available.
/T/
FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
                            Three months ended                  Year ended
                                  December 31,                December 31,
                            2016           2015         2016           2015
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Financial (000's
 except per share
 and per boe
 amounts)
Oil and natural gas
 sales (1)           $      8,013  $     12,153  $     31,538  $     55,137
Funds flow from
 operations (2)      $       (153) $      2,471  $      1,897  $     18,402
  Per share - basic
   and diluted       $       0.01  $       0.01  $       0.01  $       0.05
  Per boe            $       8.06  $       5.45  $       1.10  $       9.30
Net income (loss)    $    (10,063) $    (26,701) $    (22,185) $    (53,419)
  Per share - basic
   and diluted       $      (0.04) $      (0.08) $      (0.10) $      (0.15)
Capital expenditures $      2,852  $      2,386  $      3,539  $     18,539
Acquisitions         $          -  $          -  $          -  $     27,049
Dispositions (3)     $     (1,700) $          -  $     (6,827) $    (38,653)
Net debt (2)         $     17,165  $     50,277  $     17,165  $     50,277
Total Assets         $    169,162  $    227,941  $    169,162  $    227,941
Weighted average
 basic and diluted
 shares outstanding   226,740,053   354,093,535   226,740,053   354,093,535
Operational
Net wells drilled               -             -             -             6
Daily sales volumes
  Oil (bbls per day)        1,047         1,691         1,254         1,646
  Heavy Oil (bbls
   per day)                     -           461           162           598
  NGL's (bbls per
   day)                       172           176           142           185
  Natural Gas (mcf
   per day)                 8,034        15,578        10,824        15,831
  Total (boe per
   day)                     2,558         4,924         3,361         5,068
  % Oil and NGL's              48%           47%           46%           48%
Average realized
 prices
  Light Oil ($/bbl)  $      51.38  $      42.76  $      42.78  $      46.60
  Heavy Oil ($/bbl)  $          -  $      29.35  $      23.61  $      38.26
  NGL's ($/bbl)      $      30.52  $      32.67  $      32.37  $      34.91
  Natural Gas
   ($/mcf)           $       3.49  $       2.60  $       2.23  $       2.84
Netback
  Revenue ($/boe)    $      34.05  $      26.83  $      25.64  $      29.81
  Royalties ($/boe)  $      (1.64) $      (3.41) $      (1.99) $      (3.57)
  Operating and
   transportation
   costs ($/boe)     $     (24.29) $     (18.63) $     (17.54) $     (16.74)
  Operating netback
   prior to hedging
   (2)               $       8.12  $       4.79  $       6.11  $       9.50
  Realized hedging
   gain (loss)
   ($/boe)           $      (1.25) $       4.64  $       1.41  $       4.97
  Operating netback
   ($/boe) (2)       $       6.87  $       9.43  $       7.52  $      14.47
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
/T/
(1) Before Royalties(2) Defined under the Non-GAAP Measures section of this MD&A(3) Proceeds on dispositions2016 YEAR END RESERVES
Marquee's year end reserves for 2016 are based on the Sproule Associates
Limited ("Sproule") independent evaluation of the Company's reserves dated
effective December 31, 2016, which has been prepared in accordance with NI
51-101 and the Canadian Oil and Gas Evaluation Handbook ("COGE Handbook").
Additional reserves information required under NI 51-101 will be included in
Marquee's Annual Information Form to be filed on SEDAR.
Sproule used a Canadian Light Sweet Crude price forecast based on US$55 WTI
and US$65 WTI for light oil for 2017 and 2018, respectively, and $3.26 per GJ
and $3.10 per GJ for AECO natural gas in 2017 and 2018, respectively.
/T/
Summary of ReservesAs at December 31, 2016(1)                         ---------------------------------------------------
                                      Gross Company Reserves (2)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Description              Light Crude  Conventional  Natural Gas Total (Mboe)
                         Oil (Mbbl)        Natural      Liquids
                                        Gas (MMcf)       (Mbbl)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Proved producing                1,997       15,539          243        4,830
Proved non-producing              180          648            9          297
Proved undeveloped              4,386       13,355          387        6,999
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total proved                    6,563       29,542          640       12,126
Probable                        3,140       12,758          289        5,555
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total proved plus
 probable                       9,703       42,298          929       17,681
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
/T/
(1) Based on Sproule December 31, 2016 forecast prices
(2) Gross Company reserves are the Company's total working interest share
before the deduction of royalties
/T/
Summary of Before Tax Net Present ValuesAs at December 31, 2016(1)                     -------------------------------------------------------
                       Before Tax Net Present Value of Future Revenue ($M)
                     -------------------------------------------------------
                                          Discount Rate
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Description                  0%         5%        10%        15%        20%
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Proved producing        $74,528    $63,529    $54,834    $48,103    $42,868
Proved non-producing     $4,617     $3,585     $2,884     $2,384     $2,013
Proved undeveloped     $146,793   $103,720    $73,468    $52,612    $37,975
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total proved           $225,938   $170,834   $131,186   $103,099    $82,856
Probable               $151,330   $101,093    $71,668    $53,283    $41,072
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total proved plus
 probable              $377,268   $271,927   $202,854   $156,382   $123,928
Per Basic Share           $0.87      $0.62      $0.47      $0.36      $0.28
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
/T/
(1) Based on Sproule December 31, 2016 forecast prices
/T/
Reconciliation of Reserves
                    --------------------------------------------------------
                                  2016 Reserves Reconciliation
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Description (mboe)  December 31, Acquired Production Additions, December 31,
                            2015   (Sold)             revisions         2016
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total proved                   0   12,188       (62)          0       12,126
Probable                       0        0          0          0        5,555
Proved plus
 probable                      0   17,743         62          0       17,681
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
/T/
Finding, Development and Acquisition Costs
Marquee incurred capital expenditures from December 6, 2016 to December 31,
2016 of $0.25 million comprised of monies spent on land and seismic. Costs
related to reserve acquisitions in 2016 are $29.6 million, and includes the
announced purchase price of acquisitions including any estimated working
capital deficit or surplus rather than the amounts allocated to property,
plant and equipment for accounting purposes. Historical F&D and FD&A costs for
2014 and 2015 are nil as AOS sold all of its reserves in 2012 and did not have
any reserves in 2014 and 2015. The following table summarizes the Company's
Finding, Development and Acquisition costs including changes in Future
Development Costs:
/T/
                         ---------------------------------------------------
                         Including the Change in Future Development Costs(1)
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Description                      2016         2015         2014       3 Year
                                                                    Weighted
                                                                     Average
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total proved ($/boe)
   F&D costs(3)                     -          n/a          n/a            -
   FD&A costs(2,3)              $2.45          n/a          n/a        $2.45
   FDC(4)                           -          n/a          n/a            -
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Proved plus probable
 ($/boe)
   F&D costs(3)                     -          n/a          n/a            -
   FD&A costs(2,3)               1.68          n/a          n/a        $1.68
   FDC(3)                           -          n/a          n/a            -
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
/T/
(1) The Company incurred minimal capital cost post December 6, 2016amalgamation.(2) Comprised mainly of the Costs related to acquisition of Old Marqueereserves by the Company.(3) See the "Additional Advisories" section of this press release forinformation pertaining to these oil and gas metricsANNUAL GENERAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
The Company's Annual General Meeting of Shareholders is scheduled for 2:00 PM
on Monday June 26, 2017 in the Strand/Tivoli room at the Metropolitan
Conference Centre in Calgary, AB. The record date for the meeting has been set
as May 23, 2017.
ABOUT MARQUEE
Marquee is a Calgary based, junior energy company focused on light oil
development and production in the Michichi area of eastern Alberta through the
exploitation of existing opportunities and possible consolidation. Marquee's
shares trade on the TSX Venture Exchange under the trading symbol "MQX".
Additional information about Marquee may be found on its website
www.marquee-energy.com and in its continuous disclosure documents filed with
Canadian securities regulators on the System for Electronic Document Analysis
and Retrieval (SEDAR) at www.sedar.com.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS OR INFORMATION
Certain statements included or incorporated by reference in this news release
may constitute forward -looking statements under applicable securities
legislation. Such forward-looking statements or information typically contain
statements with words such as "anticipate", "believe", "expect", "plan",
"intend", "estimate", "propose", or similar words suggesting future outcomes
or statements regarding an outlook. Forward-looking statements or information
in this news release may include, but are not limited to: reserves estimates
and the net present value of the future net reserves related thereto; the
number and quality of future potential drilling and development opportunities;
anticipated capital budgets and expenditures; the Company's development plan;
the size and extent of the Michichi oil fairway; and the timing of disclosure
of further 2017 guidance, capital expenditure plans and well performance.
Such forward-looking statements or information are based on a number of
assumptions all or any of which may prove to be incorrect. In addition to any
other assumptions identified in this document, assumptions have been made
regarding, among other things: the ability of the Company to obtain equipment,
services and supplies in a timely manner to carry out its activities; the
ability of the Company to market crude oil, natural gas liquids and natural
gas successfully to current and new customers; the ability to secure adequate
product transportation; the timely receipt of required regulatory approvals;
the ability of the Company to obtain financing on acceptable terms; interest
rates; regulatory framework regarding taxes, royalties and environmental
matters; future crude oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas prices; the
ability to successfully integrate acquisitions into Marquee's business and
management's expectations relating to the timing and results of development
activities.
Forward-looking information is based on current expectations, estimates and
projections that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by the Company and
described in the forward-looking information. Material risk factors affecting
the Company and its business are contained in Marquee's Annual Information
Form, which is available under Marquee's issuer profile on SEDAR at
www.sedar.com.
The forward-looking information contained in this press release is made as of
the date hereof and the Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly or
revise any forward-looking information, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, unless required by applicable
securities laws. The forward -looking information contained in this press
release is expressly qualified by this cautionary statement.
DRILLING LOCATIONS
This press release discloses drilling locations in three categories: (i)
proved locations; (ii) probable locations; and (iii) unbooked locations.
Proved locations and probable locations are derived from the Company's most
recent independent reserves report prepared by Sproule as at December 31, 2016
and account for drilling locations that have associated proved and/or probable
reserves, as applicable. Unbooked locations are internal estimates based on
the Company's prospective acreage and assumptions as to the number of wells
that can be drilled per section based on industry practice and internal
review. Unbooked locations do not have attributed reserves. Of the 322
Michichi drilling locations identified herein, 69 are proved locations, 19 are
probable locations, and the remaining 234 are unbooked locations. Unbooked
locations have been identified by management as an estimation of our
multi-year drilling activities based on evaluation of applicable geologic,
seismic, engineering, production and reserves information. There is no
certainty that the Company will drill all unbooked drilling locations and if
drilled there is no certainty that such locations will result in additional
oil and gas reserves or production. The drilling locations on which the
Company will actually drill wells will ultimately depend upon the availability
of capital, regulatory approvals, seasonal restrictions, oil and natural gas
prices, costs, actual drilling results, additional reservoir information that
is obtained and other factors. While certain of the unbooked drilling
locations have been de - risked by drilling existing wells in relative close
proximity to such unbooked drilling locations, other unbooked drilling
locations are farther away from existing wells where management has less
information about the characteristics of the reservoir and therefore there is
more uncertainty whether wells will be drilled in such locations and if
drilled there is more uncertainty that such wells will result in additional
oil and gas reserves or production.
NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES
This press release contains the term "operating netbacks prior to hedging" and
"operating netbacks" which do not have standardized meanings prescribed by
IFRS and, therefore, may not be comparable with the calculation of similar
measures presented by other companies. Marquee uses operating netbacks to
analyze operating performance. Marquee believes this benchmark is a key
measure of profitability and overall sustainability for the Company and this
term is commonly used in the oil and natural gas industry. Operating netbacks
are not intended to represent operating profits, net earnings or other
measures of financial performance calculated in accordance with IFRS.
Operating netbacks prior to hedging are calculated by subtracting royalties,
production, and operating and transportation expenses from revenues before
other income/losses. Operating netbacks include realized hedging gain (loss).
This press release also contains the term "funds flow from operations" which
should not be considered an alternative to, or more meaningful than "cash flow
from operating activities", as determined in accordance with IFRS, as an
indicator of the Company's performance. "Funds flow from operations" does not
have any standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS and therefore reference to
funds flow from operations or funds flow from operations per share may not be
comparable with the calculation of similar measures presented by other
entities. Management uses funds flow from operations to analyze operating
performance and leverage and considers funds flow from operations to be a key
measure as it demonstrates the
Company's ability to generate cash necessary to fund future capital
investments and to repay debt. Funds flow from operations per share is
calculated using the weighted average number of shares for the period.
In addition, the press release contains the term "net debt", which does not
have any standardized meaning under IFRS and therefore may not be comparable
to similar measures presented by other issuers. Net debt is calculated as net
debt, defined as current assets less current liabilities (excluding fair value
of commodity contracts and flow-through share premiums). Management considers
net debt as an important additional measure to monitor debt repayment
requirements and track the financial viability of the Company.
ADDITIONAL ADVISORIES
Boes are presented on the basis of one boe for six Mcf of natural gas.
Disclosure provided herein in respect of boe may be misleading, particularly
if used in isolation. A boe conversion ratio of 6 Mcf: 1 bbl is based on an
energy equivalency conversion method primarily applicable at the burner tip
and does not represent a value equivalency at the wellhead. Given that the
value ratio based on the current price of crude oil as compared to natural gas
is significantly different from the energy equivalency of 6:1, utilizing a
conversion on a 6:1 basis may be misleading as an indication of value.
This press release contains disclosure in respect of F&D costs and FD&A costs,
which are considered oil and gas metrics within the meaning of NI 51-101. F&D
costs are calculated as the sum of development capital plus the change in
future development capital for the period divided by the reserves additions
for the period. FD&A costs are calculated as the sum of development capital
plus the change in future development capital and acquisition costs for the
period divided by the reserves. Management uses F&D costs as a measure to
assess the performance of the Company's resources required to locate and
extract new hydrocarbon reservoirs. The aggregate of the exploration and
development costs incurred in the most recent financial year and the change
during that year in estimated future development costs generally will not
reflect total finding and development costs related to reserves additions for
that year. FD&A and F&D costs used by Marquee may not be comparable to similar
measures used by other issuers.
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that
term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts
responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
- END RELEASE -  01/05/2017
For further information:
FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT:
Richard ThompsonPresident & Chief Executive Officer(403) 817-5561[email protected]or visit the Company's website at www.marquee-energy.com
COMPANY:FOR: MARQUEE ENERGY LTD.OTCQX Symbol: MQLXFTSX VENTURE Symbol: MQLINDUSTRY: Energy and Utilities - Oil and GasRELEASE ID: 20170501CC036Press Release from Marketwired 1-866-736-3779
All press releases are written by the client and have NO affiliation with the news copy written by The Canadian Press. Any questions that arise due to the content or information provided in the press release should be directed to the company/organization
 issuing the release, not to The Canadian Press.

 Share This:   



Previous Article
 
                                Peat Announces Interim Financial Statements, an Update to Potential Technology Initiatives, and Changes to the Board 



Next Article
Trinidad Drilling Announces Changes to its Stock Option Plan in Alignment with ISS Recommendations                                 




More News Articles




Dakota Access developer’s new pipeline rankling regulators



Blacksteel Energy Inc. Announces Warrant Extension



How to Get Things Done through "Active" Supervision: 4 Key Steps HERE – T.A. Cook



Libs back motion in support of Trans Mountain, despite B.C. government turmoil









New SHOWCASE Directory Companies 







 





 


FREE E-MAIL SIGN UP



 

VISIT SHOWCASE DIRECTORY



 

SHOWCASE PRICING



 
Publish On EnergyNow
 



 
Commodities
 

Live Feed

Market quotes are powered by 
TradingView.com




 
Other Selected Commodities
* Prices as of Previous Day Close



Product
Price




Synthetic Crude (CAD)
$59.65


AECO Spot (CAD)
$2.09


Henry Hub Spot
$3.09



See More


 Upcoming Events 
GTL Technology Forum 2017Annual Summer NAPE Expo 2017 - HoustonYPAC Pipeline Conference & Tradeshow 2017Workshop: Building a High Performance Sales Culture - Sandler TrainingGreat States ConvergX™ SummitOil Sands Trade Show 2017Canweld Expo & Conference 2017Red Deer Oil & Gas Expo 2017IoT in Oil and Gas - Houston 2017Argus Americas Petroleum Coke Summit 2017Enform AMTA Safety Conference & Tradeshow 2017Alberta Power Symposium 2017North American Gas Forum 2017SPE Annual Technical Conference and Exhibition 20173P Arctic 2017 - The Polar Petroleum Potential Conference & ExhibitionAAPG - SEG International Conference & Exhibition (ICE) 201737th Argus Fuel Oil and Feedstock Summit 2017Sandler Training - Developing The Economic Engine of Your Business16th Annual Shutdowns Turnarounds Superconference 2017Older eventsNext events 
Monthly Poll
 






Given Lower Oil & Gas Prices, What is the Biggest Challenge Now Facing Energy Service Companies?


 Continued low rates for services (from previous reductions)
 The ability to attract new investment capital
 Hiring for operating positions
 Competition from other service providers


Cast your vote or  see how others voted



 Loading …

 








 











ABOUT ENERGYNOW

EnergyNow is an online energy news and data media service dedicated to providing essential up to-date information on the Canadian oil & gas industry.
We provide live feeds designed to help energy professionals, field personnel, business owners, and senior business leaders get the latest energy news and data, energy industry press releases and energy job and event listings.
Help us to improve EnergyNow,
Give us your feedback
 GIVE US FEEDBACK 



QUICK LINKS
 




Home
News
Data
Jobs
Events
Toolbox
Contact
Advertise
SUBSCRIBE




 



 Stay Connected  
 
 




USEFUL LINKS 





Canadian













                                    PSAC                                












                                    CAODC                                












                                    CAPP                                












                                    CSUR                                












                                    SPE                                












                                    EPAC                                












                                    ENFORM                                












                                    CEPA                                












                                    Heavy Oil                                



















U.S.













                                    IPAA                                












                                    Energy API                                












                                    AGA                                



















International













                                    OPEC                                












                                    IADD                                












                                    Word Petroleum                                










 
 



 










   


Scroll back to top












Address
Start
End














dd
MMM









[TITLE]
[TIME]

[DESCRIPTION]






dddd MMMM d, yyyy
title








































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft























Billing program by FreshBooks  | FreshBooks














×




FreshBooks
Official App
Free – Google Play


Get it

























A Billing Program Made Easy
 FreshBooks is the #1 billing program designed for small business owners. Join 10 million people using FreshBooks to painlessly send invoices, track time and capture expenses. 


Try It Free
No credit card required. Cancel anytime.















Featured In












Why FreshBooks Will Revolutionize Your Business


Ridiculously Easy To Use

FreshBooks is simple and intuitive, so you’ll spend less time on paperwork and wow your clients with how professional you look.


Powerful Features

Automate time consuming tasks like organizing expenses, tracking your time, and following up with clients with just a few clicks.


Organized in the Cloud

FreshBooks lives in the cloud so you can securely access it from your desktop, phone and tablet wherever you are.






Try It Free
No credit card required. Cancel anytime.







Invoicing
Expenses
Time Tracking
Projects
Payments
Reporting
Mobile











Easy Invoicing
Wow your clients with professional looking invoices that take only seconds to create. The best part? You’ll get paid faster, too.
Try It Free









Organize Expenses Effortlessly
Say goodbye to shoeboxes of receipts. Tracking your expenses in FreshBooks is ridiculously easy, which means you’ll be able to effortlessly keep an eye on your spending.
Try It Free









Insightful Time Tracking
You’ll always invoice for exactly what you’re worth when you track time using FreshBooks. You and your team can log your hours and then automatically put them onto an invoice.
Try It Free









Seamlessly Collaborate on Projects
Keep all your conversations, files and feedback in one place. You’ll keep your team in sync and your projects on schedule.
Try It Free









Get Paid Faster
Get paid up to 11 days faster when you accept credit cards online in FreshBooks. Say hello to automatic deposits, and goodbye to chasing clients for checks.
Try It Free









Easy To Understand Reports
Reports in FreshBooks are simple enough for you to understand but powerful enough for your accountant to love. It’s a win-win.
Try It Free









Work Anywhere with the FreshBooks Mobile Apps
With the FreshBooks mobile apps you will easily stay connected with your clients and be able to take care of your accounting anywhere.
Try It Free








Try It Free
No credit card required. Cancel anytime.











Why Small Business Owners Love FreshBooks




The last thing creatives want to think about is invoicing, and the new FreshBooks is making it easier than ever to get paid and look super professional to our clients in the process.



Wes McDowell
Owner of The Deep End Agency





I’ve been using FreshBooks for 6 years and love how the design, functionality, and platform has grown with me – from freelance designer to the owner of a branding agency!



Kathleen Shannon
Co-host of Being Boss





It’s beautiful and really well designed. The invoicing, accepting online payments and keeping track of expenses couldn’t be simpler.



Roman Mars
Creator & Host of 99% Invisible









Join 10 Million People Using FreshBooks
No credit card required. Cancel anytime.


Try It Free for 30 Days
No credit card required. Cancel anytime.






Award-Winning Customer Support If You Need It
FreshBooks’ Support Rockstars are all about executing extraordinary experiences everyday – the 4Es. Help is free and you’ll always get a real, live human faster than you can say “Wow, that was crazy fast and super helpful.”
Contact us today


1.866.303.6061


support@freshbooks.com








Frequently Asked Questions

Does FreshBooks automate my accounting tasks?
FreshBooks automates lots of your accounting so you can spend more time focusing on your work and your clients. You can have invoices automatically generate and send, expenses automatically tracked and even have your payments automatically recorded, all without you lifting a finger.


Can I use FreshBooks while away from my office?
You sure can. FreshBooks’ iOS and Android apps let you painlessly invoice your clients and track expenses wherever and whenever you need to.


Can I accept credit card payments through FreshBooks?
Absolutely. With FreshBooks Payments you can start accepting credit card payments online right away, with zero set up required.


Is my data safe in the cloud?
The safety of your private data is our top priority, that’s why it’s protected by 256-bit SSL encryption — the gold standard in Internet security. FreshBooks is cloud based and uses industry - leading secure servers.


Does Freshbooks allow for teams to collaborate?
Yup. With FreshBooks both you and your team can collaborate on and track time towards the same projects and clients. Your team members can also help you with your accounting by creating invoices and tracking their expenses.


Is FreshBooks compatible with a Mac?
Great news: FreshBooks is available on any device — desktop, mobile or tablet and plays nicely with both Mac and PC.







Get started for free today.

Try It Free for 30 Days


No credit card required.Cancel anytime.













































The Best Invoice & Invoicing Software Online  | FreshBooks
















×




FreshBooks
Official App
Free – Google Play


Get it
















Login























Contact Us
About
1.866.303.6061




How it Works

Features for You and Your Team


Invoicing
Expenses
Time-Tracking


Projects
Estimates
Payments


Reporting
Mobile







Who it’s For

Self-Employed Pros
Agencies, Firms & Consultancies





More

Add-ons
Pricing
Support




Blog

Try it Free
Login











Try it Free







How it Works


Features for You and Your Team


Invoicing
Expenses


Time Tracking
Projects


Estimates
Payments


Reporting
Mobile




Who it’s For



Self-Employed Pros
Agencies, Firms & Consultancies



More



Add-ons
Pricing
Support



Blog


Contact Us
About
Call Toll Free: 1.866.303.6061


Try it Free
Log In














Invoice Software That Saves You Time
FreshBooks makes small business invoicing and billing so simple, you’ll be amazed at the time you have to focus on doing what you love and how much faster you get paid. Who would have thought invoice software could do that?




play-button
				See How It Works
			




											Create Your First Invoice
									

No credit card required. Cancel anytime.

















Invoicing
Expenses
Time Tracking
Projects
Estimates
Payments
Reports
Mobile











Trustpilot





Create Professional Looking Invoices in Seconds
You’re the real deal, be sure you look it. FreshBooks makes creating professional looking invoices for your business ridiculously easy. It’s simple to create and customize your invoice, add your logo and personalize your thank you email. Your clients will be wowed.








Save Time and Accept Credit Cards On Your Invoices
No more chasing clients for checks or waiting in the line at the bank. Let your clients pay you online and get paid up to 11 days faster.  Try It Free











Put Your Business on Auto‑Pilot
From sending reminders to securely charging your client’s credit card, you can automate as much (or as little) of your business with FreshBooks. Let FreshBooks follow-up with clients so you can focus your time on what matters most. Try It Free











Get Paid Upfront with Deposits
No more paying expenses out of pocket or waiting until the end of a project to get paid.  Request a deposit on your invoice and you’ll sleep peacefully knowing you’ll get the money you need at the start. Try It Free











Bill For Exactly What You’re Worth
You’ll always charge for all the work you did and any expenses you incurred. With FreshBooks you can easily add your tracked time and expenses to your invoices so you’ll never leave money on the table again. Try It Free















Plus Other Powerful Invoice Features

Automatically generate recurring invoices
Know when a client has viewed your invoice
Customizable due dates
Quickly apply discounts to invoices
Preview before sending
Invoice in your preferred currency
Automatic tax calculations
Email your invoice in just a few clicks



See All Features
right-chevron






Did You Know…
That by switching to FreshBooks the average small business owner saves 192 hours every year…
Try It Free
No credit card required. Cancel anytime.







Frequently Asked Questions

Does FreshBooks support recurring invoicing?
Absolutely. If you invoice the same amount on a set schedule, FreshBooks automates everything from making invoices to collecting payments and even (gently) reminding any late-paying customers.


Is FreshBooks compatible with a Mac?
Great news! FreshBooks invoice software is available on any device - desktop, mobile or tablet and plays nicely with both Mac and PC.


Are my invoices safe in the cloud?
The safety of your private data is our top priority, that’s why it’s protected by 256-bit SSL encryption—the gold standard in Internet security. The FreshBooks billing system is cloud based and uses industry-leading secure servers.


Are FreshBooks invoices professional looking?
Absolutely. Plus you can customize the look and feel of your invoice to match your brand and business, including adjusting the invoice template, font, color and imagery.


Can I make and send invoices while away from my office?
You sure can. FreshBooks’ iOS and Android apps let you painlessly invoice your clients wherever and whenever you need to.






			Check out how to keep your expenses effortlessly organized with FreshBooks, or learn more about us






Get started for free today.

Try It Free for 30 Days


No credit card required.Cancel anytime.




































Sign up for FreshBooks















	Questions? Contact our award winning support team 1-866-303-6061




FreshBooks


Menu






















	You must enable JavaScript in order to use FreshBooks.
	Learn how to enable javascript



Company Name:

Email:


Create Your Account

			We value your privacy.
		





You can try FreshBooks free for 30 days. Paid packages start at only $15.00/month.









close dialog

Sorry, You're Over the Limits of the Lite Plan

			You're currently using  clients and  staff.

													To upgrade your account, please select the following plan:
			
		



			Want to upgrade to Lite instead?
			
			Please
			
			
					

Questions?
				Contact our award-winning support team  
		Monday to Friday,  or email





close dialog

Sorry, You're Over the Limits of the Plus Plan

			You're currently using  clients and  staff.

													To upgrade your account, please select the following plan:
			
		



			Want to upgrade to Plus instead?
			
			Please
			
			
					

Questions?
				Contact our award-winning support team  
		Monday to Friday,  or email





close dialog

Sorry, You're Over the Limits of the Premium Plan

			You're currently using  clients and  staff.

													To upgrade your account, please select the following plan:
			
		



			Want to upgrade to Premium instead?
			
			Please
			
			
					

Questions?
				Contact our award-winning support team  
		Monday to Friday,  or email






Our Plans

				All prices in USD
			


				Lite
								
$15 /mth


		Select
	


				Plus
								
$25 /mth


		Select
	


				Premium
								
$50 /mth


		Select
	



# of clients you can manage

5


50


500



Hide FreshBooks branding on emails to clients











Automatic late fees on overdue invoices











Expense tracking and automatic expense imports from bank accounts and credit cards












Plus all plans include the following:


FREE & Friendly customer support Mon-Fri, 8am–8pm EDT
Control over your data: Easy import and export
Rock solid security safeguards
						and backup procedures to protect
						your data
					




Ability to accept credit cards online with no additional setup
Awesomeness (also important)




 





		Close and Try it for Free
	





FreshBooks 1655 Dupont St, Suite 250, Toronto, ON M6P 3T1, Canada.
		Copyright © 2000-2017. FreshBooks is a service of 2ndSite Inc. All rights reserved.
Security Safeguards | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy






































Mobile Apps for Small Business - iOS & Android Free Trial  | FreshBooks















×




FreshBooks
Official App
Free – Google Play


Get it
















Login























Contact Us
About
1.866.303.6061




How it Works

Features for You and Your Team


Invoicing
Expenses
Time-Tracking


Projects
Estimates
Payments


Reporting
Mobile







Who it’s For

Self-Employed Pros
Agencies, Firms & Consultancies





More

Add-ons
Pricing
Support




Blog

Try it Free
Login











Try it Free







How it Works


Features for You and Your Team


Invoicing
Expenses


Time Tracking
Projects


Estimates
Payments


Reporting
Mobile




Who it’s For



Self-Employed Pros
Agencies, Firms & Consultancies



More



Add-ons
Pricing
Support



Blog


Contact Us
About
Call Toll Free: 1.866.303.6061


Try it Free
Log In














Work Anywhere with the FreshBooks Mobile Apps
Keep your finger on the pulse of your small business wherever you are. With the FreshBooks mobile apps you will easily stay connected with your clients and be able to take care of your accounting anywhere - from coffee shop to mountain top.











Invoicing
Expenses
Time Tracking
Projects
Estimates
Payments
Reports
Mobile













Create Professional Looking Invoices On the Go
Just finished delivering that big project? Send your client an invoice right from their office and get paid by the time you get home. Get the App











Say Goodbye To Paper Receipts
Picking up the tab for a client lunch or buying supplies to start a new project? Snap a picture of the receipt and capture your expense in seconds. Get the App











Stay On Top of Your Important Conversations
Respond to your clients’ questions and feedback right from the app so even when you’re on the go, your conversations are kept in one place. Get the App











Never Miss An Update
Know instantly when a client has viewed their invoice or when an invoice has become overdue so you can always stay on top of your business. Get the App










Always Be In Sync
FreshBooks stays in sync across the desktop and mobile apps so you can work on whatever device you’d prefer without missing any important information.










All the Powerful Features of the FreshBooks App

Create and send professional invoices
Snap pictures of receipts
Manage expenses on the go (Coming soon to Android)
Stay on top of important updates
Chat with clients
Data synced across all devices



See All Features
right-chevron






Download the Free FreshBooks App
 








Awards from: 














Frequently Asked Questions

Can I access my business info from the FreshBooks mobile app?
Yep. Your information is synced across all your devices so you can always access your data wherever you are, on whichever device you’d prefer.


Are all the same features available in the mobile app?
The mobile apps allow you to run your business right from your mobile device including sending invoices, logging expenses, and tracking time. Some features (like reporting) are only available from your desktop though.


Which devices can I access the FreshBooks app from?
You can download the FreshBooks mobile app from any iPhone or iPad running iOS 9.0 or higher and any Android device running Android 4.2 or higher. You can access your FreshBooks account from any mobile browser though, regardless of device.







Get started for free today.

Try It Free for 30 Days


No credit card required.Cancel anytime.

































