







 ETFM - Stock quote for 2050 Motors Inc - MSN Money















msn  back to msn home

money










web search














Sign in








Change language & content:

América Latina (español)
Argentina (español)
Australia (English)
België (Nederlands)
Belgique (français)
Brasil (português)
Canada (English)
Canada (français)
Chile (español)
Colombia (español)
Danmark (Dansk)
Deutschland (Deutsch)
España (español)
France (français)
India (English)
Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia)
Ireland (English)
Italia (italiano)
Malaysia (English)
México (español)
Nederland (Nederlands)
New Zealand (English)
Norge (norsk, bokmål)
Österreich (Deutsch)
Perú (español)
Philippines (English)
Polska (polski)
Portugal (Português)
Schweiz (Deutsch)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Suisse (français)
Suomi (suomi)
Sverige (svenska)
Türkiye (Türkçe)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
United States (español)
Venezuela (español)
Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt)
Ελλάδα (ελληνικά)
Россия (Pусский)
ישראל (עברית)‏
الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏)
المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏)
مصر (العربية‏)
ไทย (ไทย)
한국 (한국어)
中华人民共和国 (简体中文)
台灣 (繁體中文)
日本 (日本語)
香港特别行政區 (繁體中文)



Switch to Latino (Español)



 Feedback



Help






























AdChoices














2050 Motors Inc
PINX: ETFM



 Markets Closed










AdChoices








0.0318


▼


-0.0001
-0.31%



After Hours : 
-
-
-



 July 24, 2017 10:12 AM EDT.  Currency In USD                

























            Summary
        



            Financials
        



            Analysis
        



            Options
        



            Ownership
        



            Company
        



            History
        



            Related
        


















































Open
0.0319


Previous Close
0.0319


Volume (Avg) 
10.88k (40.94k)


Day's Range
0.0318-0.0319


52Wk Range
0.0215-0.1500


Market Cap.
1.20M


Dividend Rate ( Yield)
-


Beta
-


Shares Outstanding
-


P/E Ratio (EPS)
-









Recent News







Key Executives for 2050 Motors, Inc.

                            
                            Bloomberg
                        
7/8/2017






Is it illegal to eat and drive, to drive barefoot, in flip flops or sleep in your car? All you need to know about UK driving rules

                            
                            The Sun
                        
7/17/2017






2050 Motors Inc

                            
                            markets.ft.com
                        
7/14/2017






The secret codes on YOUR driving licence that could land you with a £1,000 fine and six penalty points

                            
                            The Sun
                        
7/14/2017






2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)

                            
                            ih.advfn.com
                        
7/14/2017






All-time high sales for electric and plug-in hybrid cars

                            
                            Shropshire Star
                        
7/13/2017








2050 Motors Cash Flow - Quarterly (OTCMKTS:ETFM)

                            
                            amigobulls.com
                        
7/13/2017






News for 2050 Motors, Inc. (ETFM)

                            
                            Hot Stocked
                        
7/12/2017






Motorists’ most hilariously bizarre excuses for accidents – from early buses to hedges that appear out of nowhere

                            
                            thesun.ie
                        
7/12/2017






avast! Pro AV + IS v6.0.1000 Final + Crack [Till 2050] Download Free

                            
                            storify.com
                        
7/12/2017






Bloke trying to sell his Skoda Fabia online left baffled after he’s inundated with offers from ‘celebs’

                            
                            The Scottish Sun
                        
7/10/2017






Smart ForTwo electric car ‘totally destroyed’ and left gutted by flames after it set on fire while charging outside office

                            
                            thesun.ie
                        
7/10/2017








2050 Motors Inc

                            
                            markets.ft.com
                        
7/5/2017






Insanely cool photo of this custom Streetfighter and it's mean looking rider!

                            
                            pinterest.com
                        
7/5/2017






2050 Motors Cash Flow - Annual (OTCMKTS:ETFM)

                            
                            amigobulls.com
                        
7/5/2017






2050 Motors Inc (ETFM)

                            
                            ca.investing.com
                        
7/3/2017






2050 Motors Inc (ETFM)

                            
                            ca.investing.com
                        
7/2/2017






Las Vegas, NV 89144

                            
                            buzzfile.com
                        
6/28/2017























AdChoices
















AdChoices

















AdChoices




















Markets











DOW

DOW



▼

21,513.17


-66.90
-0.31%













Last updated time
7/24/2017 4:39 PM EDT







Markets





NASDAQ

NASDAQ



▲

6,410.81




+23.05
+0.36%










FTSE 100

FTSE 100



▲

7,441.32




+63.59
+0.86%










NYSE Composite

NYSE Composite



▼

11,904.71




-19.89
-0.17%



















AdChoices
















                Feedback
            







Send Feedback
Provide Feedback
Report a Problem


We appreciate your input!



Select a category:

I'm having problems with Top Destinations
I'm having issues searching
I'm having problems with Featured Apps
I see an error in the content
Other



How we can improve?





Please give an overall site rating:









Submit
Close


Privacy Statement


Help


Help & Support



 











 








2050 Motors | Affordable Carbon Fiber Electric Cars










































 





 AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY FOR 2050 HERE TODAY
Welcome to 2050 Motors, Inc. (US OTCQB: ETFM), a public company providing new cutting edge low cost carbon fiber vehicles engineered and designed by Aoxin Automobile.

				2050 Motors has the exclusive rights to distribute and assemble the first carbon fiber production electric vehicle at consumer affordable prices, the e-Go EV. Because of its composite carbon fiber construction built on an aluminum racing car suspension and frame, the e-Go EV is thousands of pounds lighter than competing electric vehicles. At a weight of 1,450 lbs. (including batteries) it will be the most efficient production electric vehicle ever built. Its battery pack carries the same warranty as the Tesla Model-S, which is 8-years with unlimited mileage.

				The e-Go EV, and now its big brother the Ibis luxury sedan, will be offered with four different size battery packs with ranges up to and exceeding 200 miles per charge and two different drive systems. The high performance drive system accelerates from 0 to 60 mph under 7 seconds.






2050 MOTORS IS HOME OF THE E-GO CARBON FIBER ELECTRIC VEHICLE

ECONOMY
 + Up to 150 Miles per Gallon Energy Equivalent
							+ Gas Free, No more oil changes, tune ups or smog checks
							+ Sold with four different battery pack sizes, offering the customer a variety of driving ranges up to and exceeding 200 miles per charge 
							+ Sold with two different power drive systems for customers who require higher performance acceleration, the e-Go will be capable of accelerating from 0 to 60 mph in less than 7 seconds
AFFORDABILITY
 + The Only Carbon Fiber Production Vehicle Ever Built at Affordable Prices
							+ Less Expensive to Operate Than Any Other All Electric Car in its Class  
							+ Certain models will be sold with battery pack warranties equal to those offered by Tesla Motors which are 8-year unlimited mile warranties.



FEATURES
 + The Carbon Fiber Body is Five Times Stronger than Steel and One Third its Weight 
							+ 1450 lbs. Curb Weight is Less Than Half of Other Comparable Electric Vehicles 
							+ Race Car Suspension Handling and Regenerative Brakes 
							+ Electric Air Conditioning (A/C) and Heating 
							+ Advanced Navigation and New Generation Info-Entertainment System 
							+ Over Three Times the Battery Life of Any Other Electric Vehicle in its Class
							+ Seating for Four Passengers  
							+ Sold with two different power drive systems for customers who require higher performance acceleration, the e-Go will be capable of accelerating from 0 to 60 mph in less than 7 seconds






















2050 Motors | Affordable Carbon Fiber Electric Cars
























Contact Us
Get in touch with us or leave a message and a 2050 Motors representative will get back to you as soon as possible!





Please fill in the following form to contact us

* Your Name


* Email


* Phone


Subject

Support
Sales
Comments


* Your comments

* Are you human?
   3 + 1 =













Contact: 
						George Hedrick
						VP North American Operations 
						2050 Motors, Inc. 
						(702) 591-6029
info@2050motors.com

Investor Inquiries: 
						Tim Conner
						Benchmark Advisory Partners LLC
						(866) 703-4778 Toll Free





Address: 
						2050 Motors, Inc.
						3420 Bunkerhill Drive 
						North Las Vegas, NV 89032

Hours of Operation: 
						Mon-Fri: 9-5pm
						Sat: 10-4pm
						Sun: Closed





















2050 Motors | Affordable Carbon Fiber Electric Cars























THE E-GO CARBON FIBER ELECTRIC VEHICLE
The e-Go is the most efficient production electric car ever built with a range of up to 200 miles because of its lightweight carbon fiber body and aluminum alloy frame. Efficiency is comparable to 150 miles per gallon energy equivalent.




SAFETY STANDARDS FOR E-GO CAR


The crash tests are being conducted according to European, Japanese and Chinese crash test standards. A file of the actual moving sequence of an e-Go car in a frontal crash test at 35 miles per hour in slow motion reveals that the vehicle substantially returned to its original shape after the test.


A photograph of the front of the vehicle shows minimal damage after the test. A more complete report on the crash tests will be announced in a future press release.


E-GO TECHNICAL PARAMETERS

Vehicle TypeElectric Passenger Car
Body MaterialCarbon Fiber and Space Age Aluminum Chassis
Shape ParametersOverall Length9' 8.5" (2960 mm) 
Overall Width	
5' 7.3" (1710 mm)
Total Height5' 2.9" (1598 mm)
Wheel Base6' 5.16" (1960 mm)
Front/ Rear Track1745 mm/1745 mm (5' 8.7")
Minimum Ground Distance6.69 inches (170 mm)
Power SystemMotor TypeAC asynchronous
System VoltageN/A
Motor Rated/ Peak Power15kW/ 30kW
Maximum TorqueN/A
Charging Time5-8h (average car AC Charging)
High Speed ChargingAvailable
Battery SystemLiFePO4 (lithium)
Breaking SystemFour wheel disk brake system
Tire Specifications/ Wheels265-65R14-5.5"
Suspension SystemFront double transverse suspension with stability bar
Rear double transverse suspension without stability bar
Brake Energy Recovery Regenerative braking
Rated Crew	
4 passengers
Quality ParametersMaximum Total Mass2,420 lbs (1,100 kg)
Curb Weight1,433 lbs (650 kg)
PerformanceMaximum Speed 110 km /h
Maximum Grade-ability25%

Miles Per changeup to 200 miles



Why buy the e-Go?

Most Efficient Production Car Ever Built
Range of up to 200 Miles
30 Minutes for Half Full Battery Charge, 4 to 8 Hours for Full Battery Charge Depending on System
150 Miles per Gallon Energy Equivalent
Only Carbon Composite Fiber Production Vehicle Ever Built at Affordable Prices
Carbon Fiber Body is Five Times Stronger than and One Third the Weight of Steel
1400 lbs. Total Weight is Less Than Half of Comparable Vehicles
Seating for Four Passengers
High Energy Lithium Battery Pack  with Over Three Times the Life of Any Other in its Class
Most Affordable Car to Operate: No Tune Ups, Smog Checks or Oil Changes
Race Car Suspension Handling and Regenerative Brakes
Complimentary Roadside Service
Advanced Navigation System
"A Renew Earth Vehicle"



Special Design Features

Designed by Italian and Chinese Automotive Engineers
Carbon Fiber Body on Ultra light Chassis and Race Car Suspension
Strongest Production Car Ever Built
Less Expensive to Operate than Any Other All Electric Car in its Class
Most Efficient Four Passenger Electric Car Ever Built, 150 MPG-E Energy Equivalent
Extended Battery Packs for Longer Range Applications Available
Multiple Air Bags
Electric Air Conditioning (A/C) and Heating
CAM Communication: Free Monitoring Satellite Communication for Security and Auto Diagnostics
New Generation Info-Entertainment System
Aluminum Wheel Hubs and Other Special Features



THE IBIS CARBON FIBER ELECTRIC LUXURY SEDAN
The luxury Ibis four door sedan is also an efficient production electric car built with high range and high efficiency in mind due to its lightweight carbon fiber body and aluminum alloy frame.
See more pictures at the Las Vegas Photoshoot




IBIS TECHNICAL PARAMETERS

Vehicle TypeElectric Luxury Passenger Sedan
Body MaterialLightweight Aluminum and Carbon Fiber
Shape Parameters	
Overall Length16' 4.8" (5000 mm)
Overall Width6' 2.7" (1898 mm)
Total Height 5' 3.18" (1605 mm)
Wheelbase9' 7.35" (2930 mm)
Front/ Rear Track1614 mm/1614 mm (5' 3.5")
Minimum Ground Clearance
Power System	
 Motor TypeAC Permanent Magnet Synchronous
System Voltage 360 V
Motor Rated180 HP (134 kW)
Maximum Torque250 foot-pound (339 Nm)
Charging Time5-6h (15kW car AC Charging)
High Speed ChargingAvailable
Motor SystemAC permanent magnet synchronous motor, rear drive after a single motor, DSP/EBS
Battery SystemTernary lithium polymer battery, located under the underbody shield, integrated BMS and charger
Steering SystemRack and Pinion with EPS
Braking SystemHydraulic Brake with ABS, ESP, Electric Vacuum Booster, Front and Rear Disc Brakes
Tire Specifications/ wheels245/ 45ZR19/ light alloy 
Suspension SystemDouble Transverse Arm Type, with Hydraulic Shock Absorbers
Brake Energy RecoveryMotor Regenerative Braking Energy Recovery
Rated Crew 5 Passengers
Quality ParametersMaximum Total Mass5,026 lbs (2,280 kg)
Curb Weight 4,000 lbs (1,815 kg)
PerformanceMaximum Speed (electronically limited)95 mph (153 km / h)
Maximum Speed Unlimited112 mph (180 km / h) 
	
Maximum Gradeability28%
Miles per charge (depending on driving conditions)200-240 miles (320-396 km)


NOTES ON THE IBIS:
NOTE 1: The acceleration of the Ibis for the standard model version is approximately in the 8.5 second range from 0-60 mph which is comparable to most other gasoline operated automobiles. Several options including a more powerful motor and controller, can increase the acceleration from approximately 8.5 seconds to approximately a 5-6 second range.


NOTE 2: The standard version of the Ibis will have a very powerful 72 kWh battery pack. The Ibis will also be offered with a larger battery pack and/or range extender. The range extender option which will increase the range of the Ibis to well over 700 km per charge.


NOTE 3: The battery pack comes with a 10-year warranty or 150,000 miles.


NOTE 4: The cost of the Ibis is estimated to be $69,500 USD before Federal Rebates ($7,500 USD) and State Rebates (such as those available in California up to $5,500 USD).


NOTE 5: The carbon fiber body sits on an extremely strong aluminum frame (not a sheet metal aluminum stamped frame similar to our competitors).




















2050 Motors | Affordable Carbon Fiber Electric Cars























 INVESTOR RELATIONS 
STOCK PRICES (OTCQB: ETFM)
Six Month Chart

Five Day Chart


2050 Motors, Inc. (US OTCQB: ETFM) is a public company currently seeking investors for its upcoming projects.  For all investor inquires please contact George Hedrick at (702) 591-6029 or Tim Conner, Benchmark Advisory Partners LLC, at (866) 703-4778 Toll Free.  

XBRL FINANCIAL WIDGET FOR ETFM
http://xbrlfinancialwidget.com/?CIKNum=0000728447
ALL SEC FILINGS ON EDGAR ONLINE
ETFM Complete List of Filings on Edgar Online



















2050 Motors | Affordable Carbon Fiber Electric Cars























WHO WE ARE

2050 Motors is a development stage public company formed to import, market, and sell electric cars manufactured in China. 2050 Motors has entered into an agreement with Jiangsu Aoxin Energy Automobile Co., Ltd., located in Jiangsu, China, for the distribution in the United States of a new electric automobile, known as the e-Go EV.


The e-Go EV is a revolutionary new concept in the ever evolving world of electric vehicles. It is currently in its final stage of development and ready for mass production. It will be the only production line electric car with a carbon fiber body and parts manufactured by a new process using robotic machines which significantly reduces the fabrication time and cost of carbon fiber components. The e-Go EV will seat five passengers, have a long battery life, and high energy efficiency rating up to 150+ MPG-E (energy equivalent) in urban driving due to the light weight of the vehicle.



Michael Hu, President & CEO
Michael Hu received his BS and MS in mechanical engineering (has major experience in development, design, and manufacturing of mining, industrial and automotive systems) from the Tongji University, China, and the California State University, Long Beach USA. From 1982 to 1997, he worked as a mechanical engineer, designer and consultant for various high profile companies including Wynn Oil Company, Mitsubishi and Chile DHY Minera Corporation, among others.


Since 1999, Mr. Hu has dedicated his career to pursuing environmentally friendly projects including alternative energy, lubricants, super-efficient vehicles, biodiesel and other alternative fuels, algae CO2 sequestration and algae-based products, photovoltaic industry development, and many others. In this path, Mr. Hu has formed strategic and essential alliances in many industries with his companies and his associated companies.



George Hedrick, Vice-President of North American Operations
George Hedrick is a college educated psychology major and seasoned Marketing and Management professional with unparalleled experience in all facets of the Service Industry. Mr. Hedrick has extensive experience as Manager and Marketing Executive in world class hotels and casinos in Las Vegas, Nevada, including: Caesars Palace Hotel/Casino, Rio Hotel/Casino Resort. He also served as Vice President of Corporate Marketing for Sun International at the Atlantis Resort, Bahamas.


Since 2012, Mr. Hedrick has been General Manager for 2050 Motors, Inc. (North American Operations) and liaison between City and State Officials and local Automotive Dealerships. In 2014, Mr. Hedrick was promoted to Vice President of 2050 Motors, Inc.



Bernard Schaefers, Senior Vice-President of Marketing (Board Member)
Bernd Schaefers is a veteran self-made businessman with over 40 years of work in the media industry, including over 20 years in the advertising and marketing sector. Mr. Schaefers has been the owner or co-owner of very successful advertising businesses and movie production companies, such as Interteam Productions and Constantin Films which produced the films: "The Never-Ending Story", "The Name of the Rose" and "Never Say Never Again". His advertising client list included Lufthansa, Shell Oil, Polaroid, Reynolds, Audi and Volkswagen.


In over 30 years of involvement in renewable energy, Mr. Schaefers has funded and collaborated in R&D projects including: Idaho National Laboratories (INL) gas conversion technologies, Cal Poly's 'Micro-Algae Photo-Bioreactor' program, the 110 MMGY American Ethanol plant in Santa Maria, CA, and a pyrolysis business extracting oil from over 60 million used tires in the state of Kansas, among other programs. Bernd Schaefers has also been associated with developing and investing in DHA omega-3 algae oil health products and has agreed to lend his expertise and that of his staff in the marketing and promotion of 2050 Motors.



Mark Edwards, Chairman of Scientific & Marketing Advisory Board (Board Member)
Mark Edwards, Ph.D. is a Mechanical Engineer trained by the U.S. Naval Academy and received his doctorate degree in the areas of marketing and consumer behavior. He has taught at Arizona State University since 1978. Mark Edwards has written many books and articles and a noteworthy award winning Green Algae Strategy Series which focuses on sustainable and affordable food and energy, (SAFE) production. His books are used in colleges, universities and institutes in over 26 countries for courses in biology, botany, biotechnology, environment, sustainability, energy engineering, world future and global hunger. Green Algae Strategy won the 2009 Independent Publisher Gold Medal for "Best Science Book."


Mark Edwards' teaching has focused on adding value through sustainability, marketing, customer relationships, organizational leadership and entrepreneurship. His extraordinary research focused on advanced assessment technologies resulted in over 100 articles and 12 books, including a business and a science bestseller. He has worked directly with some of the world's finest leaders to create advanced metrics for leadership assessment, development, placement and succession.




















2050 Motors | Affordable Carbon Fiber Electric Cars























 NEWS 
2050 Motors Outlook for 2017

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, December 9, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) –- Michael Hu, President of 2050 Motors, Inc. (US OTCQB: ETFM), today reviewed the present status and outlook for 2050 Motors for the year 2017. 


Mr. Hu takes this opportunity to remind everyone that 2050 Motors is much more than just a car company. 2050 Motors is involved in all aspects of automobile technology including advanced batteries, high efficiency and alternate fuel engines, hybrid vehicles, production of graphene and composite materials.


Mr. Hu also states that the company has continued to make progress on all its projects. However, delays have occurred in China with our partner Jiangsu Aoxin New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd., for the production of the all carbon fiber electric automobiles. The reason for these delays at the Aoxin manufacturing plant have been clearly stated in two Bloomberg articles issued on August 28 and 29, 2016. The first article titled, “95% of China's Electric Vehicle Startups Face Wipeout” (http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-08-28/most-of-china-s-electric-car-startups-face-wipeout-by-new-rules) explains that China will only issue a very limited number of production permits to electric vehicle manufacturing companies, which will probably eliminate 95% of the existing electric vehicle companies in China. The second article titled, “Waste-Truck Maker, Sportscar Startup Said Near China EV Permits” (http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-08-29/garbage-truckmaker-sportscar-startup-said-near-china-ev-permits) clearly indicates that Aoxin is a primary candidate to receive one of these very limited and valuable production permits. The article states, “Aoxin, which produces electric-powered garbage trucks and postal vehicles, is owned by the investment arm of Yancheng, a small city in eastern Jiangsu province. The mayor had pledged to help the company obtain the EV manufacturing permit as part of the provincial push to promote the development of the new-energy vehicle industry.”


Mr. Hu further comments: The China government reviewers, the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC), issue approvals at their own pace. Although the new Aoxin manufacturing plant has passed all previous inspections by this agency, complications have occurred due to the fact that no other company in China has ever built full carbon fiber electric vehicles before. Aoxin continues to cooperate with the NDRC for the license/permit to be issued.


2050 Motors is anxiously awaiting the arrival of the first assembly line shipment of the new all carbon fiber e-Go automobiles to the United States to schedule crash testing according to US DOT standards. This will happen as soon as the new Aoxin e-Go manufacturing plant receives its permit to produce vehicles. It should be noted that the e-Go has already passed preliminary crash testing at the famous CATARC Institute in China according to Chinese, Japanese and European standards. Please see press release titled, “2050 Motors, Inc. Announces All Carbon Fiber Electric E-Go Passes Frontal Crash Test With Impressive Results” (Feb. 12, 2016)(http://2050motors.com/press-releases.html) for further details on crash testing.


Aoxin completed Phase 1 of the full carbon fiber body electric vehicle plant in China in January 2015 (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wih8_xxZNgA), which continues to be updated with advanced robotic production machinery. 


Aoxin has also continued to invest several hundred million dollars (USD) to complete its Phase 2 project with an additional 2.2 million square foot facility (see photos at website http://www.2050motors.com/aoxinfacility.html). In this completed facility, Aoxin will build two brand-new carbon fiber electric vehicle models for model years 2019 and 2020. Phase 2 will also include on-site manufacturing of its own vehicle batteries and other major electrical components, including electric motors and controllers.


In summary, Mr. Hu stated that 2050 Motors and its production partner Aoxin will continue their journey to the ultimate goal of producing and distributing some of the most advanced carbon fiber electric automobiles in the world.


About 2050 Motors, Inc.

2050 Motors, Inc. (http://www.2050motors.com and http://www.etfm.com), is a publicly traded company incorporated in Nevada in 2012. 2050 Motors was founded to develop and produce the next generation of clean, lightweight, efficient vehicles and its associated technologies. Some of these technologies include alternative renewable fuels, hybrid electric vehicles, advanced graphene lithium batteries and low cost carbon fiber vehicles. 2050 Motors has been successful in forming long term relationships and exclusive contracts for a variety of game changing technologies. 2050 Motors entered into an agreement with Jiangsu Aoxin New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd., located in Jiangsu, China, for the distribution in the United States of a new electric automobile, known as the e-Go EV (electric vehicle). The e-Go EV is a revolutionary new concept in the ever-evolving world of electric vehicles. It will be the only production line electric car with a carbon fiber body and parts manufactured by a new process using robotic machines which significantly reduces the fabrication time and cost of carbon fiber components. The e-Go EV will seat four passengers, have a long battery life, and high energy efficiency rating of up to 150+ MPG-E energy equivalent in urban driving due to the light weight of the vehicle. The five-passenger carbon fiber luxury sedan Ibis EV, the e-Go's big brother, will also be showcased along with the e-Go EV for future sales in the United States. See videos of completion of the e-Go EV manufacturing plant at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wih8_xxZNgA and the unveiling of the e-Go EV at the 2014 Shanghai Auto Show http://www.2050motors.com/shanghaishow.html. The company is fully reporting under the SEC EDGAR system.


Disclosure Statement
Statements in this press release about our future expectations, including without limitation, the likelihood that 2050 Motors will be able to
leverage capital markets to execute its growth strategy, meet US DOT requirements, meet minimum sales expectations, will be successful and
profitable in the US market, and will bring significant value to 2050 Motors' stockholders, constitute "forward-looking statements"
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and as that term
is defined in the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and are
subject to change at any time, and our actual results could differ materially from expected results. The Company undertakes no
obligation to update or release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after
the date of this statement or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law.


CONTACT:
George Hedrick
VP North American Operations
2050 Motors, Inc.
(702) 591-6029
info@2050motors.com


INVESTOR INQUIRIES:
Tim Connor
Benchmark Advisory Partners LLC
(866) 703-4778 Toll Free

2050 Motors Secures 10 Million Dollar Equity Purchase Agreement For Auto Assembly Plant

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, June 29, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Michael Hu, President of 2050 Motors, Inc. (US OTCQB: ETFM), announced that 2050 Motors has secured a $10 million equity purchase agreement specifically to construct a carbon fiber electric car assembly facility in Las Vegas. After negotiations with Southridge Partners II, LP, the parties have agreed to a final contract to secure the $10 million equity purchase agreement.


The Southridge Partners II, LP is a Delaware limited partnership located in Connecticut with strong ties to Wall Street. Southridge (http://www.southridge.com/) is a diversified financial holding company specializing in direct investment and advisory services to small and middle market companies. Since 1996 the structured finance team has made direct investments of over $1.8 billion into over 250 growth public companies globally.


Mr. Hu also stated, “2050 Motors has been negotiating with the City of Las Vegas to establish its carbon fiber electric automobile assembly plant and we believe the negotiations are very close to culmination. The City of Las Vegas and the State of Nevada have multifaceted incentive programs to help 2050 Motors bring high paying jobs to the city. Nevada’s incentive programs include training of the workforce, multi-year reduced taxes, various financial assistance packages, non-profit programs and a catalyst fund among other programs.”


Furthermore, 2050 Motors executives have also been negotiating with the Las Vegas Global Economic Alliance (LVGEA)(https://www.lvgea.org/), which has agreed to work closely with our company in setting up a foreign trade zone. LVGEA is a 501(c)6 membership organization that, since 1952, has helped attract, retain and expand companies including Levi Strauss & Co., Bank of America, Zappos and SolarCity to the Las Vegas area.


LVGEA has offered assistance to 2050 Motors to establish a foreign trade zone for the assembly facility which will be a great advantage for the company’s automobile assembly business plan. LVGEA is the grantee for Foreign Trade Zone 89, a program that allows firms to bring foreign goods or raw materials for manufacturing and/or assembling into the United States without formal customs entry or payment of customs duties and government excise taxes until products leave the zone. Furthermore, this type of zoning has many facets that can reduce the cost of assembling our electric vehicles in the United States.  In fact, these collective savings can pay for the majority of the labor required to assemble these vehicles in the United States.


We anticipate that in the near future we will finalize the agreement for building our Las Vegas facility with the City of Las Vegas and move forward on this valuable program. This will allow the creation of many high paying jobs and bring to the United States an advanced technology that enables 2050 Motors to assemble carbon fiber vehicles at very low cost. The carbon fiber parts are manufactured in China and shipped to the United States. The carbon fiber advanced process developed by Italian and Chinese engineers makes auto body parts stronger, lighter and less expensive to produce. Carbon fiber is five times stronger than steel and one third the weight of steel. This makes 2050 Motors’ electric vehicles well over one thousand pounds lighter than any other EV on the market today. Carbon fiber provides the basis for making 2050 Motors’ electric vehicles the safest and most efficient ever produced for the mass consumer market.


Please see YouTube video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wih8_xxZNgA which shows the completed construction of the carbon fiber automobile plant in Yancheng, China.



TV Interview Covers Future of Automotive Industry and 2050 Motors

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, June 16, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Today Michael Hu, President of 2050 Motors, Inc. (US OTCQB: ETFM), stated that Joseph LaStella P.E.C.E. Ret., a Senior Engineering Consultant for 2050 Motors, was interviewed on the "The Big Biz Show." Mr. LaStella presented some interesting and independent views on the future of not only electric cars but the entire automobile industry.


The interview was conducted on Tuesday June 7, 2016 and the show was not only humorous but Mr. LaStella brought with him to the studio many carbon fiber pieces for presentation, including the entire front end of the e-Go car. The exhibition also included two YouTube videos that demonstrate the indestructability of the e-Go carbon fiber material. The first video shows a frontal crash test of the e-Go at 35 mph into a concrete wall with very little indication of damage. The second video shows .38 caliber bullets bouncing off a carbon fiber plate of the same thickness of the e-Go body. The plate was presented at the interview to review first-hand the minimal damage done by the bullets. 


It’s also interesting to note that later on the same day of the interview a major article was published in The Wall Street Journal titled “How Auto Companies Are Making Their Cars Lighter” (http://www.wsj.com/articles/how-auto-companies-are-making-their-cars-lighter-1465351441) which covered specifically many of the items illustrated in the LaStella interview and confirming many of his statements. This article clearly represents the future of the automobile industry wherein it is experiencing a paradigm shift to ultra-low-weight vehicles such as aluminum alloy and carbon fiber. Carbon fiber is five times stronger than steel and one third the weight of steel, which makes it the ideal material for future automobiles. 2050 Motors electric vehicles make use of these types of materials including extruded aluminum alloy frames and the first complete carbon fiber bodies available at consumer prices today. It took five years for Italian and Chinese engineers to develop a low cost process to make this vehicle possible. Because of these breakthrough technologies, no other company can offer a carbon fiber vehicle at reasonable consumer prices other than 2050 Motors, Inc. 


This in depth interview clearly demonstrated the competitive edge that 2050 Motors has engineered into its all electric carbon fiber vehicles. The success of The Big Biz interview has sparked the interest of other talk media radio and TV shows. 2050 Motors has now been approached with interview requests from other media outlets.


We encourage everyone to watch the interview at https://youtu.be/_PVVO0g89nE and other videos at the 2050 Motors YouTube Channel at https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCDLL9zfZ5w1IfVst1fLO0-g


The Big Biz Show has been on air for 17 years, it’s an Emmy-Award winning, nationally syndicated television and radio program seen daily in 62 Million television homes via Fox Business, Biz Television Network, YouToo AmericaTelevision Network and heard in 150 radio stations across the U.S. on IHeart Media, Business Talk Radio Network and Armed Forces Radio network in 175 countries and all the ships at sea. 


Other Big Biz Show interviews can be seen at http://www.bigbizshow.com , http://biztv.com/NS-ListingDetail/NSEventID/46 and http://youtooamerica.com/bizbrew/



2050 Motors Inc. Airs Its All Electric Carbon Fiber Automobile Story

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, May 20, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Today Michael Hu, President of 2050 Motors, Inc. (ETFM), announced that last week 2050 Motors' personnel were interviewed on May 11, 2016 on the Emmy-Award winning, nationally syndicated television and radio program seen daily by a 62 million audience. The interview took place at the Jump Television Studios of the YouToo America Network at the Mira Mesa Sorrento Valley in San Diego, California. The interview aired nationally and was carried on local radio San Diego radio station KOGO and TV KUSI station as "The Big Biz Show"(Biz Brew) with Robert "Sully" Sullivan and Co-host Russ T. Nailz (Guest Co-host Kyle Harrington) and David Kamatoy is the Executive Producer. 


The Big Biz Show featured many aspects of 2050 Motors including China media clips of the completed e-Go electric automobile manufacturing plant, which was designed to produce the advanced carbon fiber body components and use robotic welding machines to produce the extruded aluminum alloy racing frames. A video played at the show illustrated the successful preliminary crash testing in China of the e-Go which exhibited the minimal damage sustained in a 35 mph frontal crash test. The show featured the e-Go automobile but also covered the Ibis carbon fiber all electric four door sedan. Both cars were brought in from Las Vegas to San Diego and displayed outside the studio during the filming. 


This in depth interview clearly demonstrated the competitive edge that 2050 Motors has engineered into its all electric carbon fiber vehicles. The success of The Big Biz interview has sparked the interest of other talk media radio and TV shows. 2050 Motors has now been approached with interview requests from other media outlets. 


We encourage everyone to watch the interview at https://youtu.be/MiZjj6WT8lk


The Big Biz Show has been on air for 17 years, it’s an Emmy-Award winning, nationally syndicated television and radio program seen daily in 62 Million television homes via Fox Business, Biz Television Network, YouToo AmericaTelevision Network and heard in 150 radio stations across the U.S. on IHeart Media, Business Talk Radio Network and Armed Forces Radio network in 175 countries and all the ships at sea. 


Other Big Biz Show interviews can be seen at http://www.bigbizshow.com , http://biztv.com/NS-ListingDetail/NSEventID/46 and http://youtooamerica.com/bizbrew/

2050 Motors, Inc. Successfully Completes Marketing Sales Campaign For Its All Carbon Fiber Electric Auto

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA (MARKETWIRED) April 4, 2016 – Today Michael Hu, President of 2050 Motors, Inc. (OTCQB: ETFM), announced the successful completion of the marketing program of its all carbon fiber electric vehicle called the e-Go. 


The test program required prospective customers to place a $1000 deposit check to hold an early delivery position to purchase the ultra-lightweight carbon fiber electric vehicle. The marketing was only available for a two week period ending March 31, 2016. The target test area was limited to Las Vegas and the surrounding areas were only a limited amount of advertising was done. As previously announced the first 25 vehicles received deposits in the first hour of the sales program. The program included many free options for these initial customers. Please see http://www.2050motors.com/pre-order/pre-order-form.html for details.


Mr. Hu stated, “The Company is proud to announce that in order to reward these initial buyers, 2050 Motors will not deposit any of the $1000 escrow checks and that all these checks will be returned to the customers. However, all participants will receive all the free options offered in this program and will retain their ordering position for the future delivery of the e-Go electrics.” 


Michael Hu continued, “If the results of this marketing study are extrapolated to just an area across the southern portion of the United States, 2050 Motors would have had enough deposits to sell almost all of its first year projected production for the e-Go (in just a two week period). Of course, extrapolation forecasts are not always predictable, but then this marketing test program was only conducted for two weeks with limited advertising in only one city: Las Vegas.”


Marketing data and customer participation in a regional pre-order launch program (such as the one 2050 Motors embarked upon) is a very valuable tool which other companies can use to evaluate their future marketing strategy. Therefore, 2050 Motors will not release the final results of this initial regional offer since we will be using this data to format our much larger nationwide campaign to sell our carbon fiber vehicles later this year. 


Michael Hu also stated, “We have a tremendous amount of gratitude to the people who stepped up and placed their $1000 deposits to ensure that they will be first on the list to receive these vehicles. We hope these initial buyers will be happy with all of the free options that are going to be given to them under this program. All participants will be contacted about their privilege buying position and free options within the next two weeks.”


Please note that the e-Go has already undergone extensive computer simulations, road tests and actual crash testing in China. The e-Go has successfully passed preliminary crash testing at the world renowned CATARC (China Automotive Technology & Research Center) Institute (http://www.catarc.ac.cn/ac2016/index.html). 


It is also noteworthy that Tesla Motors, Inc. (https://www.teslamotors.com/) is now accepting $1000 deposits on its new commuter vehicle called the Model 3, which will be a direct competitor for the carbon fiber e-Go. Many people have suggested some unusual methods for comparing these two vehicles. Although 2050 Motors does not endorse any of these comparisons, it is interesting just to review them to see how electric vehicle buying customers might compare the two companies and the two programs, as follows:


1) The estimate for the Tesla Model 3 vehicle to be produced is approximately two years in the future. Whereas the electric e-Go plant is already completed and ready to start up production of vehicles in a few weeks. See video of completed electric e-Go automobile plant: http://youtu.be/wih8_xxZNgA


2) Whereas the Tesla $1000 deposit program is worldwide, the 2050 Motors program was isolated to the Las Vegas area and was only available for a two week market test period.


3) Although manufacturer specifications are not available yet, people are estimating the lightweight carbon fiber e-Go will be approximately 1000 lbs lighter in weight than the Model 3. This will make the e-Go a much more efficient vehicle, especially in urban driving conditions.  


4) 2050 Motors has virtually no liabilities, whereas Tesla Automobile Company has liabilities (debts) in the order of approximately three billion dollars. 


In conclusion, there are many other unusual types of comparisons that can be formulated between the two companies, some negative and some positive. However, it is interesting to review people's thoughts on this new emerging automobile industry.


We congratulate Tesla for their Model 3 unveiling. However, the super-lightweight highly-efficient e-Go with its all carbon fiber body, which is five times stronger than steel and one third the weight of steel, built on a high grade extruded aluminum alloy frame is ready to take on any competitor including the Tesla Model 3 commuter car and the new electric Chevy Bolt.


It's not 2050 Motors' intention to competitively out sell the e-Go against the Model 3 from Tesla or the Chevy Bolt because of their already existing name recognition. However, it's also true that 2050 Motors does not need to sell a significant number of vehicles for the Company to become profitable. Large automobile companies have to recapture hundreds of millions of dollars that they have invested in the creation of their vehicle and they also have to cope with huge overheads. This is not true for 2050 Motors, we have virtually zero liabilities and even if we capture a very small percentage of the marketplace we can turn significant profits even from the initial sales of our vehicles.


No automobile company has been able to produce an electric carbon fiber vehicle in the $30,000 to $35,000 price range to compete with the 2050 Motors’ electric e-Go (MSRP $33,900 that after the federal tax rebate will be $26,400).

2050 Motors, Inc. Carbon Fiber Electric Auto Marketing Campaign Indicates A Successful Launch

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA (MARKETWIRED) March 18, 2016 – Today Michael Hu, President of 2050 Motors, Inc. (OTCQB: ETFM), stated that 2050 Motors' Pre-Order Marketing Launch indicated an impressive customer support for the all carbon fiber e-Go electric vehicle (offer started at 12:00 AM PST on March 17, 2016). During the first sixty minutes after midnight, 2050 Motors had already received more than 25 pre-orders and pre-orders have continue to come in during the first 24-hour period.


As stated in the March 11 press release titled, “2050 Motors, Inc. To Start Taking Deposits On Its Carbon Fiber Electric Autos In March,” 2050 Motors launched a special introductory pre-order offer for a two week period which required a $1000 pre-order deposit. Customers who participate in this initial launch will receive extraordinary free incentive options. Some of the options include a 10-year unlimited mileage warranty on the battery pack and participation in a free lottery of two carbon fiber e-Go cars (winners will be drawn at the next 2050 Motors Shareholders Meeting). Please see Pre-Order Agreement for details (http://www.2050motors.com/pre-order/pre-order-form.html ).


Michael Hu stated, “We are very happy with the initial results since 2050 Motors only advertised this campaign in Las Vegas, which meant that this was only offered to localized customers in Nevada, parts of California and Utah. We were surprised that some of these pre-order customers included multiple orders from an automobile dealership and an order from the owner of an NBA basketball team.”


After the two week period, pre-order participants will receive a pre-order priority number and will be notified about their standing on this list. So far, all indications are that 2050 Motors has launched a very successful pre-order marketing survey.


Michael Hu also stated, “The results of this initial program will serve as a basis to launch a much larger offering nationwide when we receive US DOT approval, complete all the requirements for the importation of the e-Go to the United States, and complete all crash testing.”


It is noteworthy that the e-Go has already undergone extensive computer simulations, road tests and actual crash testing in China. The e-Go has successfully passed preliminary crash testing at the world renowned CATARC (China Automotive Technology & Research Center) Institute (http://www.catarc.ac.cn/ac2016/index.html).

Marketing data and customer participation in a regional pre-order launch program (such as the one 2050 Motors embarked upon) is a very valuable tool which other companies can use to evaluate their future marketing strategy. Therefore, 2050 Motors will not release the final results of this initial regional offer since we will be using this data to format our much larger nationwide campaign to sell our carbon fiber vehicles later this year.

2050 Motors, Inc. To Start Taking Deposits On Its Carbon Fiber Electric Autos In March

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA (MARKETWIRED) March 11, 2016 –
Michael Hu, President of 2050 Motors, Inc. (OTCQB: ETFM), announced today that 2050 Motors will be accepting deposits on their all carbon fiber body electric automobile, called the e-Go, on March 17th (St. Patrick's Day) starting at midnight. 


Michael Hu stated, “The super-light-weight efficient e-Go with its all carbon fiber body built on a high grade extruded aluminum alloy frame is ready to take on any competitor including the Tesla Model 3 commuter car and the new electric Chevy Bolt, which are both scheduled to make their market entry in 2017. According to Wall Street, the electric commuter market is developing to be a major potential target which is being addressed by several automobile companies. 


“Due to the e-Go's advanced lightweight materials and design, the e-Go is at least 1000 lbs lighter than any of its competitors. Presently, no one can match the e-Go's efficiency especially under urban driving conditions.”


In an article in USA Today by Nathan Bomey (titled “Elon Musk: Tesla to accept orders on new Model 3 car”)(http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/cars/2016/02/11/elon-musk-tesla-motors/80222610/) the author states, “Tesla is expected to preview the Model 3 in an event March 31, although it's not clear whether the company will reveal the entire vehicle. Anyone who pre-orders must place a $1,000 deposit, Musk said on Twitter.” 


The USA Today article further states, “The company [Tesla Motors] has said the car would become available in late 2017, although analysts from Barclays and Morgan Stanley say mid- to late 2018 would be more realistic. The car has long been viewed as the defining product for Tesla — a turning point that will prove whether the company can design, engineer, manufacture and sell a mass-market, comparably affordable electric vehicle.”


Michael Hu commented, “2050 Motors cannot allow Tesla to corner the commuter market in the same way they cornered the high-end market four years ago. Four years ago, Tesla had no competition and very few other automobile companies were interested in investing in such a small segment of the consumer market. However, they are now entering into a commuter market where it will receive significant competition.


“The e-Go manufacturing plant is complete and ready to begin production and, we believe, we can compete not only with the Tesla Model 3 but also with any of the other affordable electric commuter vehicles competing in the US market. 2050 Motors will take initial pre-order deposits from March 17th at midnight through March 31st. The company will offer significant incentives for those who pre-order the e-Go including receiving the opportunity to be awarded free e-Go automobiles. This is especially true for those who place deposits on the first 25 e-Go vehicles. They will have the right to trade in their e-Go for the Ibis four door carbon fiber luxury sedan if and when it becomes available to the US market and receive the full purchase price of the e-Go against the price of the Ibis.”  


Interested buyers can fill out a form online at http://www.2050motors.com/pre-order/pre-order-form.html and have 10 days to fulfill the deposit after March 31st. Other details for making the $1000 deposit are on our website. People who are interested in this opportunity should read the pre-order terms carefully and be ready to fill out the online form starting on midnight March 17th. 


Mr. Hu concluded, “2050 Motors has maintained a very low profile during the six years of development of the all carbon fiber bodied electric vehicles – the e-Go and the Ibis – until they were unveiled on February 12th at a grand opening in Las Vegas, which received much media attention.


“It's not 2050 Motors' intention to competitively out sell the e-Go against the Model 3 from Tesla or the Chevy Bolt because of their already existing name recognition. However, it's also true that 2050 Motors does not need to sell a significant number of vehicles for the company to become profitable. Large automobile companies have to recapture hundreds of millions of dollars that they have invested in the creation of their vehicle and they also have to cope with huge overheads. This is not true for 2050 Motors, we have virtually zero liabilities and even if we capture a very small percentage of the marketplace we can turn significant profits even from the initial sales of our vehicles.” 

 
The Las Vegas Review Journal article titled, “A Second Electric Car Company Is Planning To Build A Manufacturing Plant In Southern Nevada” (http://www.reviewjournal.com/business/second-electric-car-company-plans-manufacturing-plant-southern-nevada), correctly stated that 2050 Motors has completed all the milestones required by an automobile company to begin sales in the marketplace, including the ability to produce their vehicles on a mass scale. The only item left for the e-Go is to pass US crash testing standards. However, the e-Go has already passed crash test safety requirements according to European, Japanese and Chinese standards.

2050 Motors, Inc. Plans To Start Taking Deposits On Carbon Fiber Autos And Extends Showcasing Event

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA (MARKETWIRED) March 7, 2016 –
Due to popular demand, Michael Hu, President of 2050 Motors, Inc. (OTCQB: ETFM), is pleased to announce the extension of our 
electric vehicle showcase at the world renowned William Carr Gallery in Las Vegas, NV. The unveiling of our all carbon fiber 
electric vehicles represents the next evolutionary stage and a paradigm shift in the Automobile Industry.


The public has continued to visit the gallery, including members of the news media, automotive industry representatives, as well as city and
state government officials. Therefore, 2050 Motors plans to extend the automobile showcasing event for the entire month of March. The
William Carr Gallery http://williamcarrgallery.com/ is located in the Tivoli Village Mall on 
400 S. Rampart Blvd., Ste. 105, Las Vegas NV 89145. The gallery will be open between 10 AM to 5 PM, Monday through Saturday,
and on Sundays from 12 PM to 3 PM. We cordially request the public to register prior to visiting the gallery. Please email
info@2050motors.com with the subject line “Attending Gallery,” so we may accommodate
all visitors.


Michael Hu stated, “There has been a large number of visitors who have attended the gallery to appreciate the vehicles and they all have
been very enthusiastic. Many of our guests offered to purchase the vehicles almost immediately and were ready to give deposits.
Therefore, 2050 Motors have decided to start receiving pre-order deposits of $1,000 for the e-Go on Thursday, March 17th,
which is St. Patrick's Day.”


Further details about this initial offer for the e-Go will be explained in the near future. Initial buyers who reserve their vehicle with
pre-sale orders will have additional benefits and free options. Please stay informed for further details of this special offer.

2050 Motors, Inc. Successfully Unveils Two All Carbon Fiber Electric Car Models In Las Vegas

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA (PRWEB) FEBRUARY 16, 2016 –
Michael Hu, President of 2050 Motors, Inc. (OTCQB: ETFM), today announced the success of the Company's private showing of the two all carbon fiber electric models in Las Vegas during the Valentine's Day and Chinese New Year Weekend. The automotive industry, political representatives and news media received the event with great enthusiasm.


The public had its first look at 2050 Motors' two car models Friday and Saturday nights at the news media and special invited guests catered receptions. The two models, the compact e-Go and luxury sedan Ibis, are still on display and the Company is inviting the public to see the cars.


The Las Vegas Review-Journal carried a major 1000 word article describing the advanced automobiles and the event. Reporter Richard N. Velotta in the article stated, “A second electric car company is planning to build a manufacturing plant in Southern Nevada, and it's further along in development than Faraday Future — it has two car models it is showing off in Las Vegas this week.”


Mr. Velotta continued, “The 2050 Motors vehicles are the first electric vehicles manufactured with carbon fiber materials. That makes them lighter and stronger than conventional vehicles, giving them added range. Company officials say their cars will have a range of more than 200 miles on a charge.


“Joe LaStella, 2050's senior engineering consultant, said the company has worked to keep itself under the radar until it completed five milestones: designing a car with carbon fiber, building a production plant, developing a supply chain, creating a distribution network for sales and passing U.S. Department of Transportation crash test standards.


“LaStella said the company has completed the first four milestones and felt it was close enough on the fifth to show off the car as a celebration of the Chinese New Year.


“ "Carbon fiber is five times stronger than steel at one-third of the weight, and that's what makes this car different from anything else on the market," LaStella said.”


The Las Vegas Review-Journal article also explained,“The Las Vegas Company officials say the e-Go, which seats four passengers, would sell for $25,000 after federal energy efficiency tax credits. The five-passenger Ibis, which is 800 pounds lighter than the Tesla Model S sedan, would sell for $59,500 after tax credits, [which is] less than the cost of a Tesla.


“2050 [Motors] may seek state tax incentives, just as Faraday did. "2050 Motors has been negotiating for well over a year with municipalities to finalize plans for job creation. Both state governments and municipalities are offering considerable incentives for job creation," the company said in a January press release.


“The company believes job creation is a key issue in the 2016 presidential election and recently added a section to its website calling attention to the prospect of adding 3,000 jobs.”


The entire Las Vegas Review-Journal article posted on February 13 is available at http://www.reviewjournal.com/business/second-electric-car-company-plans-manufacturing-plant-southern-nevada


Mr. Hu, whose picture is featured in the article alongside the e-Go commuter model vehicle, went on to say, “We all thought that the Ibis – the e-Go's big brother which is a four door carbon fiber body luxury electric sedan – would be the feature of the show. However, the red e-Go stole the show and received even much more attention than the Ibis.


“Some of the most memorable comments from viewers include that the Ibis looked either like a Maserati or a Rolls Royce before they were told that it was a new carbon fiber electric automobile.


“The credit for the creation of these two future design carbon fiber automobiles and their advanced carbon fiber production technology must be given to Aoxin Automobile engineers and specially the coordinated effort by the Italian engineering firm BENSUR, and more particularly to Pasguale Bentivoglio (Paki) who holds many of the patents that are incorporated in both of the e-Go and Ibis luxury sedan.”


The showcasing event was a great success and was well attended. In fact, 2050 Motors decided to extend the showcase beyond February 22 until February 29 and considers extending the show even further. The display is open from 10 AM to 4 PM seven days a week at the world famous William Carr Gallery (http://williamcarrgallery.com/) located in the newly constructed Tivoli Village Mall, 400 S. Rampart Blvd., Ste. 105, Las Vegas NV 89145. People interested in viewing the vehicles on display and are planning to attend the gallery, we are cordially asking them to please register by emailing us at info@2050motors.com with the subject “Attending Gallery” so that we may accommodate all of our visitors.

2050 Motors, Inc. Announces All Carbon Fiber Electric E-Go Passes Frontal Crash Test With Impressive Results

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA (PRWEB) February 12, 2016 –
Michael Hu, President of 2050 Motors, Inc. (OTCQB: ETFM), announced today that the first all carbon fiber electric vehicle (the e-Go EV) has commenced crash testing in China and has successfully passed the frontal crash test with amazing results.


The crash tests are being conducted according to European, Japanese and Chinese crash test standards. A GIF file of the actual moving sequence of an e-Go car in a frontal crash test at 35 miles per hour in slow motion reveals that the vehicle substantially returned to its original shape after the test. A photograph of the front of the vehicle shows minimal damage after the test. The amazing sequence can be viewed at http://www.2050motors.com/cars.html A more complete report on the crash tests will be announced in a separate press release.


Mr. Hu commented on the results, “This means that the carbon fiber body absorbed the full force of the collision and returned to its original shape. I believe that no other automobile for the consumer market has ever displayed such a frontal crash resilience and shock absorbance of energy.”


Mr. Hu further stated, “In 2015, the e-Go was re-engineered through extensive state-of-the-art computer crash test analysis. Then, 22 demo e-Go vehicles were delivered to the Chinese government for months of testing to obtain the production and export permits for the Yancheng automobile plant.”


Later this year, 2050 Motors will proceed with the US DOT (Department of Transportation) crash test program for the e-Go before it can be sold in the United States.


2050 Motors will initially sell and distribute the e-Go built from the Yancheng plant in China and then later start assembly of the e-Go in Las Vegas, Nevada. The construction plans for the 2050 Motors assembly facility in the United States have been progressing for many months and will create numerous high paying jobs. Please see the press release dated January 20, 2016 titled “2050 Motors, Inc. Announces Launch of New Corporate Website Including Job Creation Plans” for further info.


The e-Go's big brother, the Ibis – an all carbon fiber all electric luxury sedan – is also being considered for production in the United States. Both the e-Go and Ibis are being showcased in Las Vegas from February 12 through February 22, 2016. Please see the press release dated January 26, 2016 titled “2050 Motors, Inc. Media Event Picks Up Speed” for details on visiting hours.

2050 Motors, Inc. Media Event Picks Up Speed

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA (PRWEB) January 26, 2016 –
Michael Hu, President of 2050 Motors, Inc. (OTCQB: ETFM), today announced that the dates of the media event for the unveiling of the first all carbon fiber electric vehicles in the United States are as follows:


--- February 12th and February 13th, 5 PM to 8 PM, is a catered private showing for the media and invited guests from the transportation industry and public officials.


--- From February 14th through February 22nd, 10 AM to 5 PM, the showcase will be open to the general public.


Mr. Hu stated, “These advanced electric vehicles have been attracting a lot of attention since their arrival in the USA in January. The response from our invitation guest list has been impressive.”


The event will take place at the world famous William Carr Gallery (http://williamcarrgallery.com/) located in the newly constructed Tivoli Village Mall, 400 S. Rampart Blvd., Ste. 105, Las Vegas NV 89145.


The e-Go and its big brother, the Ibis luxury touring sedan, are poised to give the electric vehicle market in the USA some real competition. The entire bodies of both of these vehicles are constructed of carbon fiber by a new, less expensive process created by European and Chinese engineers. This process for the first time allows this space age material to be used in the construction of vehicles at affordable consumer prices. Both vehicles have a chassis constructed out of high strength grade extruded aluminum alloy.


Other features include advanced lithium batteries with 10 year unlimited mileage warranties; a variety of battery packs and electric power trains to suit any customer's desires and budget; and an assortment of gadgetry (E-Pad, intelligent control, regenerative braking, etc.).


To avoid crowds, we ask everyone who plan to attend the event from February 14-22 to please register at our website (http://www.2050motors.com) so we may accommodate all of our visitors. 

2050 Motors, Inc. Announces Launch of New Corporate Website Including Job Creation Plans

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA (PRWEB) January 20, 2016 –
Today Michael Hu, President of 2050 Motors, Inc. (OTCQB: ETFM), announced that on January 14, 2015 the Company unveiled its new Corporate Website. The Internet site, 2050motors.com, combines many new features to make browsing flow smoother and be a more informative experience for potential customers and investors.


The Press Release and Investor Relations sections feature postings of the Company's published press releases, automated posting of SEC filings and detailed annual and quarterly financial statements. 


The website also contains a new section dedicated to “Job Creation.” One of the most important aspects of the 2016 Presidential Election centers on the need for American companies to create jobs. In this respect, 2050 Motors has been negotiating for well over a year with municipalities to finalize plans for job creation. Both state governments and municipalities are offering considerable incentives for job creation. This section addresses 2050 Motors' Phase I and II corporate expansion plans that may create over 3000 jobs in the next few years. 


The new site also points to a recent article published by Composites World featuring 2050 Motors (see link http://cw.epubxp.com/i/620463-jan-2016/20 ) stating the advantages and the future of carbon fiber vehicles in the automobile industry. The article specifically mentions 2050 Motors' all carbon fiber composite electric e-Go and Ibis. 


It's interesting to note that in a different article by Composites Manufacturing, titled “Composites on Display at 2016 Detroit Auto Show” (January 18, 2016), stated, “The 2016 North American International Auto Show (NAIAS) in Detroit featured a number of innovative vehicles that utilize composites, including the 2017 Honda Ridgeline, Audi’s 2016 H-Tron Quattro, and the 2017 Lexus LC 500.” This article depicts how important it is for cars of the future to rely on lightweight composite materials to reduce their weight and increase their efficiency and mileage. It's also important to note that none of the cars featured in the article had a complete carbon fiber body, they only replaced certain parts of the cars such as roofs and doors with a variety of lightweight materials. It's clear that no one except Aoxin/2050 Motors can offer production line all carbon fiber bodies (including carbon fiber interior panels) at reasonable prices for the general public. 2050 Motors' electric e-Go and Ibis five-passenger luxury sedan are poised to take advantage of their carbon fiber body/aluminum chassis architecture to enter this advanced innovative emerging market.


The website also features many new pictures of 2050 Motors' Ibis all carbon fiber electric automobile at a media photo shoot recently in Las Vegas (see January 14, 2016 press release titled “2050 Motors, Inc. Ibis Versus The Tesla Model S Sedan”).


You are invited to receive timely information and press releases on 2050 Motors when you sign up for our email news service at: http://www.2050motors.com.

2050 Motors, Inc. Ibis Versus The Tesla Model S Sedan

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA (PRWEB) January 14, 2016 –
Today Michael Hu, President of 2050 Motors, Inc. (OTCQB: ETFM), announced that last week the new Ibis all-carbon fiber electric sedan arrived in the United States. The Ibis created a great deal of attention from spectators during its media photo shoot (see Ibis photo shoot pictures and 360-degree video walk-around at the new 2050 Motors' Website http://www.2050motors.com/photoshoot.html).


Mr. Hu stated that, "I would like to clarify some of the Internet comments depicting the Ibis as an imitation of the Tesla Model S. Uninformed people have stated that the Ibis emblem is a 'knockoff' of the Tesla emblem. It's really unfortunate that the two emblems are similar, but that is where the resemblance ends. The following factors I think are more important:


"The Ibis body is built totally out of carbon fiber which is five times stronger than steel and one third the weight. The Tesla body is fabricated from punched out aluminum sheeting.


"Even though the Tesla body is made of aluminum, the Ibis is at least 800 lbs lighter which everyone knows will produce better mileage, especially in urban driving conditions.


"The next important point is that the Ibis carbon fiber body sits on a high strength extruded aluminum frame not on a sheet metal punched out aluminum frame as the Tesla."


A recent article published by Brian Murphy on January 11 titled, "2050 Motors is Going to Beat Tesla Motors to the All Important Middle Market," contains comparative pictures of both the Ibis frame and the Tesla frame. Readers should compare these pictures and decide for themselves which one looks tougher and more durable (see frame pictures here http://www.2050motors.com/photoshoot.html).


Mr. Hu continued, "Another point is that both vehicles carry impressive battery packs. The Ibis at 72 kWh and the Tesla at 70 kWh and 85 kWh. The lighter weight of the Ibis will certainly compensate for the slightly lower energy capacity of its battery pack. Therefore, both vehicles will have a similar driving range.


"The next item is cost. Most Tesla Model S are priced over $100,000 after federal rebates. The Ibis, after federal rebates, will be $59,500. A cost that is significantly different and not something to sneeze at.


"Both cars have a variety of gadgetry based on customers' desires. However, the Tesla was the first to demonstrate to the world that an electric car can compete in every aspect with regular gasoline-powered vehicles. We acknowledge Tesla for this accomplishment. However, building an electric car that can accelerate from zero to 60 mph faster than a Ferrari, although impressive, is not what electric cars are all about, they are about the environment. Incidentally, the Ibis acceleration is comparable to most gasoline operated vehicles on the road today. Finally, let's remember that high powered electric motors used to accomplish hair raising acceleration also consume battery energy at phenomenal rates and are as unnecessary as gas powered muscle cars for the general public."


"Electric cars are being developed to reduce our dependence on foreign oil and reduce all emissions including the ones causing climate change. We believe the Ibis will capture a portion of the high-end middle market which offers all of the high-tech gadgets at an affordable price and, the e-Go will capture a portion of the lower-end middle market – both due to their carbon fiber bodies and space age aluminum frames which no other manufacturer offers."


The Brian Murphy article also states, "The Ibis as well as the e-Go are poised to move into that sweet spot of affordability and style, and could soon become the premier name in the U.S. electric vehicles market."

2050 Motors, Inc. Announces Arrival Of Carbon Fiber Electric Vehicle In USACompany’s e-Go Electric Vehicle To Be Showcased In Las Vegas; Electric Luxury Sedan To Follow

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA (PRWEB) November 17, 2015 -
2050 Motors, Inc. (OTCQB: ETFM), an emerging company in the carbon fiber vehicle industry, announced today that the first all carbon fiber electric vehicle, the e-Go Electric Vehicle (EV), arrived in the United States last week. The e-Go, due to its lightweight carbon fiber body and all aluminum space age racing frame, has the pedigree to become the world's most efficient automobile weighing under 1,500 lbs including its battery pack. The e-Go's big brother, the Ibis, a full size luxury sedan, is expected arrive soon. The styling of the all carbon fiber Ibis rivals the best European high-end sedans.


Both electric vehicles are to be showcased in Las Vegas to a private industry audience, and then opened to the general public for viewing. Both vehicles will carry impressive warranty items including a 10-year (unlimited mileage) warranty on their lithium battery packs.


“Earlier this year, both the e-Go EV and the Ibis received rave reviews when they revealed the manufacturing facilities for the e-Go EV to a Chinese audience,” stated Michael Hu, President of 2050 Motors. “The China manufacturing plant features the most modern robotic machines and carbon fiber manufacturing tooling, and the unveiling was covered by national TV news media and many publications. We are excited to make our entrance into the American market, and anticipate another successful event.” A sequential video to the grand opening of the facility can be viewed at http://youtu.be/wih8_xxZNgA To see pictures of both vehicles that were showcased at the Shanghai Auto Show visit http://www.2050motors.com/shanghaishow.html

2050 Motors Announces Grand Opening of Carbon Fiber Electric Automobile Plant

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA - Feb. 24, 2015 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -
Michael Hu, President of 2050 Motors, Inc. (OTCQB:ETFM), announced today that China's major television network (CCTV), eight newspapers and China's Internet media outlets covered the Grand Opening Event of the e-Go's EV (electric vehicle) carbon-fiber robotic manufacturing facility in Yancheng, China.


2050 Motors, headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada, has the exclusive rights from Jiangsu Aoxin New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd., a Chinese state owned company to distribute, assemble and manufacture the all-carbon fiber aluminum chassis electric vehicle called the e-Go EV in the United States and key markets of South America.


The Chinese media stated (translation), "Aoxin carbon fiber new energy car (technology) created three China firsts: China's first 20,000 units (annually) Carbon-Fiber Electric-Car manufacturing plant; China's first electric car aluminum chassis robotic welding production line; China's First High-Temperature, High-Pressure, Vacuum-Assisted Carbon-Fiber molding production line.


The media also stated, "the carbon fiber new energy car (technology) has obtained more than 20 China's (State Intellectual Property Office) patents, among them there are 11 invention patents. There are also more than 20 patents in the application process."


2050 Motors representatives, who were in China, were featured at the event. President Hu stated, "Amazingly, the 200,000 sq ft (4.5 acre) automobile plant was constructed from groundbreaking in September of 2014 to the Grand Opening on January 20, 2015, which totals only 120 days!" The sequential construction to the Grand Opening of the manufacturing plant can be viewed on 2050 Motors' YouTube channel or click here:http://youtu.be/wih8_xxZNgA


The e-Go EV, with its advanced design, engineering and lightweight construction materials, weighs about half the weight of any of its electric car competitors, including the lightweight fiber body BMW i3 and one third the weight of the Tesla Model S electric vehicle. The e-Go's weight advantage, due also to its advanced lithium battery pack, will make it one of the most efficient vehicles ever built at affordable prices for the mass consumer market in the $30,000 to $40,000 range depending on options and before state and federal rebates and tax incentives.


Aoxin New Energy Automobile is also constructing an even larger carbon fiber aluminum chassis manufacturing plant to produce 100,000 cars per year for the e-Go's big brother called the Ibis EV. The Ibis is a luxury full size touring sedan designed by European engineers (see 2050motors.com for more details).


Demonstration autos and crash test vehicles should arrive to the USA from the new plant the second quarter and third quarter of 2015, respectively.
Mr. Hu further stated, "Carbon-fiber is several times stronger than steel and one third of the weight of steel. Therefore, experts predict carbon-fiber and high-strength aluminum alloys are the materials of choice for the future of the automobile industry.


2050 Motors' e-Go EV will have little competition in its price range due to these advanced materials, will produce vehicles that are very lightweight, extremely energy efficient, durable and safe, with the best all-around value proposition for car buyers worldwide."

2050 Motors Electric Cars Showcase at 2014 Shanghai Auto Show

LAS VEGAS, NEVADA, November 19, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -
Today, 2050 Motors, Inc. (OTCQB: ETFM), announced that its China partner, Jiangsu Aoxin New Energy Automobile, Ltd. showcased its five-passenger carbon fiber body electric vehicle, the e-Go EV, with a 34 kWh battery pack, 1,400 lbs total weight and over 200 miles (over 320 km) driving range on a full charge. The carbon fiber car received major attention at the 2014 Shanghai New Energy Auto Show (NEAS) held from November 4th through November 8th, 2014.


Also, unveiled for the first time was a new second generation full-size electric carbon fiber four-door touring sedan automobile with a 85 kWh battery pack and 280 mile (450 km) driving range on a full charge. Both EV models received major attention from attendees and government representatives at the show. The Chinese news media stated that, “the two EV models received a stunning debut!” In fact, the three demonstration electric e-Go EVs that were scheduled to be delivered to the United States after the automotive exhibition will now be held over in China, along with the new four-door touring automobile, for demonstration to the Central Industry Bureau Officers and National Top Leaders visiting Aoxin in December 2014.


The 2014 Shanghai NEAS was a great success for the e-Go and its big brother four-door touring sedan. Both models have carbon fiber bodies on space-age aluminum frames. Some spectators at the show described the touring sedan as looking like a “Maserati on steroids.” Please see exhibition pictures at http://www.2050motors.com/shanghaishow.html. Both demonstration models will be shipped to the United States for showcasing in early 2015.


For further details concerning 2050 Motors' electric drive systems and lithium battery warranties, please see press release dated October 15, 2014 “2050 Motors Announces 10% Equity Sale to China's YMSIG.”


About 2050 Motors, Inc.
2050 Motors, Inc. (http://www.2050motors.com and http://www.etfm.com), is
a publicly traded company incorporated in Nevada in 2012. 2050 Motors was founded to develop and produce the next generation of clean,
lightweight, efficient vehicles and its associated technologies. Some of these technologies include alternative renewable fuels, hybrid
electric vehicles, advanced graphene lithium batteries and carbon fiber low cost vehicles. 2050 Motors has been successful in forming
long term relationships and exclusive contracts for a variety of game changing technologies. 2050 Motors entered into an agreement
with Jiangsu Aoxin New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd., located in Jiangsu, China, for the distribution in the United States of a new
electric automobile, known as the e-Go EV (electric vehicle). The e-Go EV is a revolutionary new concept in the ever evolving world of
electric vehicles. It will be the only production line electric car with a carbon fiber body and parts manufactured by a new process
using robotic machines which significantly reduces the fabrication time and cost of carbon fiber components. The e-Go EV will seat four
passengers, have a long battery life, and high energy efficiency rating up to 150+ MPG-E energy equivalent in urban driving due to the
light weight of the vehicle. The five passenger carbon fiber luxury sedan Ibis EV, the e-Go's big brother, will also be showcased along
with the e-Go EV for future sales in the United States. See videos of completion of the e-Go EV manufacturing plant at
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wih8_xxZNgA and the unveiling of the e-Go EV at the 2014 Shanghai Auto Show http://www.2050motors.com/shanghaishow.html. The company is fully reporting under the SEC EDGAR system.


Disclosure Statement
Statements in this press release about our future expectations, including without limitation, the likelihood that 2050 Motors will be able to
leverage capital markets to execute its growth strategy, meet US DOT requirements, meet minimum sales expectations, will be successful and
profitable in the US market, and will bring significant value to 2050 Motors' stockholders, constitute "forward-looking statements"
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and as that term
is defined in the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and are
subject to change at any time, and our actual results could differ materially from expected results. The Company undertakes no
obligation to update or release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after
the date of this statement or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law.


CONTACT:
George Hedrick
VP North American Operations
2050 Motors, Inc.
(702) 591-6029
info@2050motors.com


INVESTOR INQUIRIES:
Tim Connor
Benchmark Advisory Partners LLC
(866) 703-4778 Toll Free




















2050 Motors | Affordable Carbon Fiber Electric Cars























 JOB CREATION 
Executive Summary for Job Creation (August 2015)


Introduction
2050 Motors, Inc. (http://www.2050motors.com and http://www.etfm.com) is a publicly traded company (OTCQB: ETFM) incorporated in Nevada in 2012. 2050 Motors was founded to import, market, and sell electric and gas powered carbon fiber vehicles engineered and designed in Italy and China using German technology. 2050 Motors also has the rights to assemble these vehicles in the United States.


The e-Go EV (electric vehicle) is a revolutionary new concept in the ever evolving world of electric vehicles. It will be the only production line electric car with a carbon fiber body and parts manufactured by a new process using robotic machines which significantly reduces the fabrication time and cost of carbon fiber components and the space age racing all aluminum alloy frame. The e-Go EV will seat four passengers; have a long battery life, and high energy efficiency rating up to 150+ MPG-E (energy equivalent) in urban driving due to the light weight of the vehicle.


The plans for the United States market for 2050 Motors is as follows:


1) Phase I – 2050 Motors will have the approved U.S. crash tested vehicle built and assembled in China for shipment to the United States for market entry as soon as possible. Phase I is a standalone program and will generate significant cash flow and revenues from the initial sales. 


2) Phase II – On a parallel time frame with Phase I, 2050 Motors will proceed as soon as possible with the plans to acquire an assembly facility to build the e-Go in the United States. The assembly plant portion of the e-Go EV manufacturing facility, which will be duplicated in Las Vegas, Nevada or other locations under the Phase II Assembly Plant Business Plan.


Labor Requirements2017201820192020
Direct Production Labor (Semi-Skilled & Skilled)96192384690
Executives66810
G&A Personnel (Engineers, Accountants, Q&A, etc.)3563112202
Total Direct Jobs Created137261504902

(Indirect jobs may number 3,000+ by 2020)

Corporate History
2050 Motors is associated, under exclusive contract through Aoxin Automobile, with international corporations that have already spent many years and tens of millions of dollars in developing the car that 2050 Motors intends to sell. These companies include the Dongfeng Motor Automobile Group, which is one of the largest automobile and truck manufacturers in China; its subsidiary Aoxin Automobile, with which 2050 Motors has an exclusive licensing arrangement for the USA; and an Italian carbon fiber manufacturing company that has proven further dramatic cost reduction of carbon fiber parts manufactured for automobiles. In 2014, Dongfeng Motor sold more than 3.5 million vehicles for the China and foreign export markets.


In 2014, Yancheng Municipal State-Owned Asset Investment Group, Co. Ltd. (YMSIG), an investment and property development company founded by the Yancheng Municipal Government purchased Aoxin Automobile from Dongfeng Motor (http://www.ycinvest.cn/en/about/). YMSIG has made major equity investments in Aoxin Automobile to accelerate the production of the electric e-Go EV.


On January 20, 2015, YMSIG and Aoxin Automobile celebrated the Grand Opening of a groundbreaking 200,000 sq ft (4.5 acre) automobile manufacturing plant for the e-Go EV, which was constructed in only 4 months. The Chinese media stated (translation), "Aoxin carbon fiber new energy car (technology) created three China firsts: China's first 20,000 units (annually) Carbon-Fiber Electric-Car manufacturing plant; China's first electric car aluminum chassis robotic welding production line; China's First High-Temperature, High-Pressure, Vacuum-Assisted Carbon-Fiber molding production line.


The automobile industry dramatically needs to improve the miles per gallon ratio (mileage) because of federal standards set in place for years to come. Experts in the field agree that the automobile industry has made significant advances into increasing the efficiency of automobiles (i.e., aerodynamics, engines, tires, lubricants, etc.). The only way that is now left to substantially increase the efficiency of current vehicles is to make them either smaller or use lightweight carbon fiber to reduce their weight.


2050 Motors Management
2050 Motors management team includes PhD's and industry executives with significant experience in the automobile, energy and business sectors in the United States and the international arena. Their experience includes offers a wide range including the following:


     1) The 2050 Motors team includes personnel that set many world's records for electric automobiles between 1992 and 1998; assembled and sold electric vehicles to the US market; and achieved the first crash test of an electric vehicle in the United States in 1994.


     2) The 2050 Motors team has provided significant technology transfers from 2050 Motors to its international partner, Aoxin Automobile.


     3) The 2050 Motors team has extensive experience in building and producing composite and electric automobiles.


     4) The 2050 Motors team understands the electric vehicle and hybrid market in the United States from direct sales experience.


2050 Motors is a fully integrated company ready to accept the most advanced automobile ever built into the United States market and we already have customers ready to purchase the vehicle once it is approved for sales in the US market and passes US safety crash test standards and DOT equipment approved standards. 2050 Motors Management Team has already been successful acquiring United States Environmental Protection Agency's (US EPA) approval and Department of Transportation's (US DOT) approval to import the first three e-Go EV demonstration vehicles into the United States.


In summary, 2050 Motors has extensive business plans, projections, business strategies, marketing programs and complete market profiles to compete with existing automobile companies. However, there are two important market strategies that we would like to review in this Executive Summary.


1) Unlike other electric automobile companies, including Tesla Motors, who required millions or billions as initial capitalization to design and create their cars, to produce prototypes and build automobile manufacturing facilities; 2050 Motors has virtually no liabilities and very minor components of overhead. This is true because all the money for the design of the e-Go EV, as previously stated, was done by other companies. The e-Go EV manufacturing plant in China, which is state-of-the-art, was also funded by our Chinese partners. 2050 Motors is entering the marketplace with a clean financial statement that has no debt service to address to any extent; and, can sell vehicles at a very low cost with significant profits even at low sales volumes. Phase I, which encompasses selling automobiles to the American market totally manufactured in China, is a stand alone project and will produce significant income. For further information please see Phase I Business Plan available upon request.


2) 2050 Motors intends to assemble the e-Go EV in the United States with US labor in the near future. This is very possible because the capital investment to build the state-of-the-art aluminum frame and carbon fiber parts of e-Go EV already exist in China. For this Phase II, of assembly of vehicles in the USA, we do not need in the United States the capital intensive equipment to build the carbon fiber parts; nor do we need to spend significant funds to build a robotic welding line for the space age aluminum frame under the e-Go EV. By concentrating our business on purchasing the parts from our partners in China then 2050 Motors can focus on the high quality simple assembly of the e-Go EV in the USA without expending significant capital reserves for manufacturing equipment. It's also possible to integrate USA made parts and components. The assembly line is relatively simple and straight forward since electric automobiles have fewer parts in them compared to internal combustion vehicles: batteries, electric motor, controller, brakes, and other minor components. Furthermore, the assembly of the vehicle will be under the supervision and management of US Quality Assurance personnel who will ensure that we built an automobile with the quality that is accustomed by US consumer market. Phase II Assembly Business Plan is also available upon request. PHASE II IS A CONSERVATIVE PROJECTION IN SALES AND CAN BE ACCELERATED IN TIME AND PRODUCTION TO MEET CUSTOMER DEMAND.


In conclusion, 2050 Motors enjoys the enormous advantages of being able to assemble the most advanced mass consumer market production automobile in the world. 2050 Motors has the exclusive license to sell, assemble and manufacture the e-Go EV in the United States without having the enormous burden that other automobile companies must carry. We estimate that even limited sales of the e-Go EV can provide good profits for 2050 Motors.


To illustrate this important factor, the Forum for Growth and Innovation, a Harvard Business School Think Tank, published a couple of articles in April and May of 2015 stating, “Why Tesla Won't Be Able To Scale” and “Tesla's Not as Disruptive as You Might Think,” which clearly state that electric automobile companies that have a significant amount of overhead (like Tesla Motors who have concentrated on the ultra luxury automobile market) will find it very difficult to expand their sales into the lower end consumer market where profit margins are much less than what they are accustomed.


Because of its ability to offer the American consumer an advanced low-priced carbon fiber vehicle, 2050 Motors could be considered to offer a true “disruptive technology” to the world. 


















2050 Motors



































Automotive Technology for 2050 here today








						
							Click here to edit subtitle
						
					













































Welcome to 2050 Motors, Inc.(US OTCQB: ETFM), a public company providing new cutting edge low cost carbon fiber vehicles engineered and designed by Aoxin Automobile. 2050 Motors has the exclusive rights to distribute and assemble the first carbon fiber production electric vehicle at consumer affordable prices, the e-Go EV. Because of its composite carbon fiber construction built on an aluminum racing car suspension and frame, the e-Go EV is thousands of pounds lighter than competing electric vehicles. At a weight of 1,450 lbs. (including batteries) it will be the most efficient production electric vehicle ever built. Its battery pack carries the same warranty as the Tesla Model-S, which is 8-years with unlimited mileage. The e-Go EV, and now its big brother the Ibis luxury sedan, will be offered with four different size battery packs with ranges up to and exceeding 200 miles per charge and two different drive systems. The high performance drive system accelerates from 0 to 60 mph under 7 seconds.










2050 MOTORS Home of the e-GO Carbon Fiber Electric Vehicle


































































                           ECONOMY


Up to 150 Miles per Gallon Energy Equivalent Gas Free, No more oil changes, tune ups or smog checksSold with four different battery pack sizes, offering the customer a variety of driving ranges up to and exceeding 200 miles per charge Sold with two different power drive systems for customers who require higher performance acceleration, the e-Go will be capable of accelerating from 0 to 60 mph in less than 7 seconds 







 
















FEATURES


The Carbon Fiber Body is Five Times Stronger than Steel and One Third its Weight 1450 lbs. Curb Weight is Less Than Half of Other Comparable Electric Vehicles Race Car Suspension Handling and Regenerative Brakes Electric Air Conditioning (A/C) and Heating Advanced Navigation and New Generation Info-Entertainment System Over Three Times the Battery Life of Any Other Electric Vehicle in its ClassSeating for Five Passengers  Sold with two different power drive systems for customers who require higher performance acceleration, the e-Go will be capable of accelerating from 0 to 60 mph in less than 7 seconds  







 
















                      AFFORDABILITY


The Only Carbon Fiber Production Vehicle Ever Built at Affordable PricesLess Expensive to Operate Than Any Other All Electric Car in its Class  Certain models will be sold with battery pack warranties equal to those offered by Tesla Motors which are 8-year unlimited mile warranties  







 



















Oops! This site has expired. If you are the site owner, please renew your premium subscription or contact support.






2050 Motors - Graphene



































Automotive Technology for 2050 here today








						
							Click here to edit subtitle
						
					


























Graphene      The discovery of graphene was made in England in 2004 by two scientists who received the Nobel Prize for this discovery and it was not until about 2009 that it has been considered for industrial production. So, this is a very new technology growing by leaps and bounds! For example, China, one of the largest graphene producers in the World, only produced 400 tons of graphene in 2014. Our proposed Montana facility will initially produce 50 tons per year expanding to 200 tons per year over the next 24 months.  Graphene is an allotrope of carbon in a two dimensional matrix of hexagonally arranged carbons. Graphene will impact many industries in a similar way as LEDs, microchips, carbon fiber, lithium batteries did to revolutionize the World.  Graphene has many unusual characteristics not seen before by the scientific community. Among its extraordinary properties, graphene is much lighter than steel and it has two hundred times the strength of steel. It's the strongest material ever examined: stronger than carbon fiber, titanium or diamonds. Graphene has a record thermal conductivity 10 times higher than copper and is electrically efficient and almost transparent. It can be currently applied in the semiconductor, electronics, battery and composite materials industries. New uses for graphene are being proposed or invented every day. For example, water purification, super conductors, super computers, etc.  If we combine technologies (graphene cathode-anode and other proprietary electrolytes) we can produce the best lithium battery for electric vehicles and power grids. An electric car would be driven for 400 miles without charge and the battery pack can last more than 6,000 cycles.  Locating this highly visible manufacturing facility would attract National and International attention and provide the cornerstone for an advanced Nanotechnology Industrial Park (NIP). Because of the timely presence of futuristic graphene, the park would attract attention of other high tech companies to Montana in a similar setting as California Silicon Valley.  Under consideration currently is a tentative plan to build the graphene manufacturing facilities in North Las Vegas. However, we believe 2050 Motors would consider building this facility in an appropriate Montana location also













Oops! This site has expired. If you are the site owner, please renew your premium subscription or contact support.






2050 Motors - Cars



































Automotive Technology for 2050 here today








						
							Click here to edit subtitle
						
					



























Why Buy an electric car?
Click here to edit text.











Gas Free for Life, Gas Stations will be ancient history
Click here to edit text.











Earn a federal Tax credit of up to $7500
Click here to edit text.











Additional State cash incentives
Click here to edit text.











No more oil changes, tune ups or smog checks
Click here to edit text.











Car Pool lane Access
Click here to edit text.











Free ev parking
Click here to edit text.











Reduced Carbon Dioxide (CO2) and toxic emissions
Click here to edit text.











Electric car becomes cleaner as power grid becomes greener
Click here to edit text.





<

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9

>














CARS



































The e-GO EV Carbon Fiber Electric Vehicle








Safety Standards of Carbon Fiber Electric Vehicle































 The
crash tests are being conducted according to European, Japanese and
Chinese crash test standards. A GIF file of the actual moving
sequence of an e-Go car in a frontal crash test at 35 miles per hour
in slow motion reveals that the vehicle substantially returned to its
original shape after the test. 


















A photograph of the front of the vehicle shows minimal damage after the test. A more complete report on the crash tests will be announced in a future press release.



























































Closer to Current Crossover SUV Higher Seating While Maintaining Excellent Highway Stability with Batteries Located Beneath the Floor





















































The E-Go EV is the most efficient production car ever built with a range of 200 miles or more.  It is comparable to 150 miles per gallon energy equivalent 











   E-GO MAIN TECHNICAL PARAMETERS    




 Vehicle Type  


  Electric Passenger Car 


   




 Body Material 


  Carbon Fiber and Space Age Aluminum Chassis 


   




 Shape Parameters 


  Overall Length 


 9' 8.5" (2960 mm)  




 


  Overall Width 


 5' 7.3" (1710 mm) 




   


  Total Height 


 5' 2.9" (1598 mm) 




 


 Wheel Base  


 6' 5.16" (1960 mm) 




   


  Front/ Rear Track 


 1745 mm/1745 mm (5' 8.7") 




 


  Minimum Ground Distance 


 6.69 inches (170 mm) 




  Power System 


  Motor Type 


 AC asynchronous 




   


  System Voltage 


 




   


  Motor Rated/ Peak Power 


   




   


  Maximum Torque 


   




   


  Charging Time 


   




   


  High Speed Charging 


 




  Motor System 


  AC asynchronous 


   




  Battery System 


  LiFePO4 


   




  Breaking System 


  Four wheel disk brake system 


   




  Tire Specifications/ Wheels 


  265-65R14-5.5" 


   




  Suspension System 


 Front double transverse suspension with stability barRear double transverse suspension without stability bar 


   




 Brake Energy Recovery  


 


   




  Rated Crew 


 4 passengers 


   




  Quality Parameters 


 Maximum Total Mass 


   




 


 Curb Weight  


   1,433 lbs (650 kg) 




  Performance 


 Maximum Speed  


  110 km /h 




   


 Maximum Grade ability  


  25% 




   


 Miles Per change 


   














Why buy the E-Go EV?Most Efficient Production Car Ever BuiltRange of 200 Miles or More30 Minutes for Half Full Battery Charge, 4 to 8 Hours for Full Battery Charge Depending on System150 Miles per Gallon Energy EquivalentOnly Carbon Composite Fiber Production Vehicle Ever Built at Affordable PricesCarbon Fiber Body is Five Times Stronger than and One Third the Weight of Steel1400 lbs. Total Weight is Less Than Half of Comparable VehiclesSeating for Five PassengersHigh Energy Lithium Battery Pack  with Over Three Times the Life of Any Other in its ClassMost Affordable Car to Operate: No Tune Ups, Smog Checks or Oil ChangesRace Car Suspension Handling and Regenerative BrakesComplimentary Roadside ServiceAdvanced Navigation System"A Renew Earth Vehicle"







Special Design FeaturesDesigned by Italian and Chinese Automotive EngineersCarbon Fiber Body on Ultra light Chassis and Race Car SuspensionStrongest Production Car Ever BuiltLess Expensive to Operate than Any Other All Electric Car in its ClassMost Efficient Five Passenger Electric Car Ever Built, 150 MPG-E Energy EquivalentExtended Battery Packs for Longer Range Applications AvailableMultiple Air BagsElectric Air Conditioning (A/C) and HeatingCAM Communication: Free Monitoring Satellite Communication for Security and Auto DiagnosticsNew Generation Info-Entertainment SystemAluminum Wheel Hubs and Other Special Features








The IBIS CARBON FIBER electric LUXURY sedan




















































































































   IBIS Main technical parameters   




 VehicleType 


 Electric Luxury Passenger Sedan 


 




  Body Material 


 Lightweight Aluminum and Carbon Fiber 


 




 Shape Parameters 


 Overall Length 


 16' 4.8" (5000 mm) 




 


 Overall Width 


 6' 2.7" (1898 mm) 




 


 Total Height   


 5' 3.18" (1605 mm) 




   


 Wheelbase   


 9' 7.35" (2930 mm) 




 


 Front/ Rear Track   


 1614 mm/1614 mm (5' 3.5") 




   


 Minimum Ground Clearance   


   




  Power System 


  Motor Type 


 AC Permanent Magnet Synchronous 




 


  System Voltage  


 360 V 




 


 Motor Rated 


 180 HP (134 kW) 




 


 Maximum Torque 


 250 foot-pound (339 Nm) 




   


 Charging Time 


  5-6h (15kW car AC Charging) 




   


 High Speed Charging 


  Available 




  Motor System 


 AC permanent magnet synchronous motor, rear drive after a single motor, DSP/EBS 


   




  Battery System 


 Ternary lithium polymer battery, located under the underbody shield, integrated BMS and charger 


   




  Steering System  


 Rack and Pinion with EPS  


 




  Braking System 


 Hydraulic Brake with ABS, ESP, Electric Vacuum Booster, Front and Rear Disc Brakes 


   




  Tire Specifications/wheels 


 245/ 45ZR19/ light alloy  


   




  Suspension System 


  Double Transverse Arm Type, with Hydraulic Shock Absorbers 


   




  Brake Energy Recovery 


  Motor Regenerative Braking Energy Recovery 


   




 Rated Crew  


 5 Passengers 


   




 Quality Parameters  


 Maximum Total Mass 


 5,026 lbs (2,280 kg)  




 


 Curb Weight  


 4,000 lbs (1,815 kg) 




 Performance 


 Maximum Speed (electronically limited) 


 95 mph (153 km / h) 




 


 Maximum Speed Unlimited 


 112 mph (180 km / h)   




   


 Maximum Gradeability 


 28% 




 


 Miles per charge(depending on driving conditions) 


 200-240 miles (320-396 km) 













NOTE 1: The acceleration of the Ibis for the standard model version is approximately in the 8.5 second range from 0-60 mph which is comparable to most other gasoline operated automobiles. Several options including a more powerful motor and controller, can increase the acceleration from approximately 8.5 seconds to approximately a 5-6 second range.NOTE 2: The standard version of the Ibis will have a very powerful 72 kWh battery pack. The Ibis will also be offered with a larger battery pack and/or range extender. The range extender option which will increase the range of the Ibis to well over 700 km per charge.NOTE 3: The battery pack comes with a 10-year warranty or 150,000 miles.NOTE 4: The cost of the Ibis is estimated to be $69,500 USD before Federal Rebates ($7,500 USD) and State Rebates (such as those available in California up to $5,500 USD).NOTE 5: The carbon fiber body sits on an extremely strong aluminum frame (not a sheet metal aluminum stamped frame similar to our competitors).










Oops! This site has expired. If you are the site owner, please renew your premium subscription or contact support.






2050 Motors - About Us



































Automotive Technology for 2050 here today








						
							Click here to edit subtitle
						
					


















WHO WE ARE


































2050 Motors is a development stage public company formed to import, market, and sell electric cars manufactured in China. 2050 Motors has entered into an agreement with Jiangsu Aoxin Energy Automobile Co., Ltd., located in Jiangsu, China, for the distribution in the United States of a new electric automobile, known as the e-Go EV.The e-Go EV is a revolutionary new concept in the ever evolving world of electric vehicles. It is currently in its final stage of development and ready for mass production. It will be the only production line electric car with a carbon fiber body and parts manufactured by a new process using robotic machines which significantly reduces the fabrication time and cost of carbon fiber components. The e-Go EV will seat five passengers, have a long battery life, and high energy efficiency rating up to 150+ MPG-E (energy equivalent) in urban driving due to the light weight of the vehicle.















Michael Hu, President & CEOMichael Hu received his BS and MS in mechanical engineering (has major experience in development, design, and manufacturing of mining, industrial and automotive systems) from the Tongji University, China, and the California State University, Long Beach USA. From 1982 to 1997, he worked as a mechanical engineer, designer and consultant for various high profile companies including Wynn Oil Company, Mitsubishi and Chile DHY Minera Corporation, among others.Since 1999, Mr. Hu has dedicated his career to pursuing environmentally friendly projects including alternative energy, lubricants, super-efficient vehicles, biodiesel and other alternative fuels, algae CO2 sequestration and algae-based products, photovoltaic industry development, and many others. In this path, Mr. Hu has formed strategic and essential alliances in many industries with his companies and his associated companies.


















 George Hedrick, Vice-President of North American Operations  George Hedrick is a college educated psychology major and seasoned Marketing and Management professional with unparalleled experience in all facets of the Service Industry. Mr. Hedrick has extensive experience as Manager and Marketing Executive in world class hotels and casinos in Las Vegas, Nevada, including: Caesars Palace Hotel/Casino, Rio Hotel/Casino Resort. He also served as Vice President of Corporate Marketing for Sun International at the Atlantis Resort, Bahamas.Since 2012, Mr. Hedrick has been General Manager for 2050 Motors, Inc. (North American Operations) and liaison between City and State Officials and local Automotive Dealerships. In 2014, Mr. Hedrick was promoted to Vice President of 2050 Motors, Inc


















  Bernard Schaefers, Senior Vice-President of Marketing (Board Member)  Bernd Schaefers is a veteran self-made businessman with over 40 years of work in the media industry, including over 20 years in the advertising and marketing sector. Mr. Schaefers has been the owner or co-owner of very successful advertising businesses and movie production companies, such as Interteam Productions and Constantin Films which produced the films: "The Never-Ending Story", "The Name of the Rose" and "Never Say Never Again". His advertising client list included Lufthansa, Shell Oil, Polaroid, Reynolds, Audi and Volkswagen.In over 30 years of involvement in renewable energy, Mr. Schaefers has funded and collaborated in R&D projects including: Idaho National Laboratories (INL) gas conversion technologies, Cal Poly's 'Micro-Algae Photo-Bioreactor' program, the 110 MMGY American Ethanol plant in Santa Maria, CA, and a pyrolysis business extracting oil from over 60 million used tires in the state of Kansas, among other programs. Bernd Schaefers has also been associated with developing and investing in DHA omega-3 algae oil health products and has agreed to lend his expertise and that of his staff in the marketing and promotion of 2050 Motors. 


















  Mark Edwards, Chairman of Scientific & Marketing Advisory Board (Board Member)  Mark Edwards, Ph.D. is a Mechanical Engineer trained by the U.S. Naval Academy and received his doctorate degree in the areas of marketing and consumer behavior. He has taught at Arizona State University since 1978. Mark Edwards has written many books and articles and a noteworthy award winning Green Algae Strategy Series which focuses on sustainable and affordable food and energy, (SAFE) production. His books are used in colleges, universities and institutes in over 26 countries for courses in biology, botany, biotechnology, environment, sustainability, energy engineering, world future and global hunger. Green Algae Strategy won the 2009 Independent Publisher Gold Medal for "Best Science Book."Mark Edwards' teaching has focused on adding value through sustainability, marketing, customer relationships, organizational leadership and entrepreneurship. His extraordinary research focused on advanced assessment technologies resulted in over 100 articles and 12 books, including a business and a science bestseller. He has worked directly with some of the world's finest leaders to create advanced metrics for leadership assessment, development, placement and succession. 













Oops! This site has expired. If you are the site owner, please renew your premium subscription or contact support.






2050 Motors - Photo Shoot



































Automotive Technology for 2050 here today








						
							Click here to edit subtitle
						
					



































































































 NEWLY ARRIVED IBIS AT PHOTO SHOOTThe new Ibis all-carbon fiber electric sedan arrived in the United States. The Ibis created a great deal of attention from spectators during its media photo shoot in Las Vegas, Nevada.  








 







 2050 Motors' Ibis Comparison With The Tesla Model S The Ibis body is built totally out of carbon fiber which is five times stronger than steel and one third the weight. The Tesla body is fabricated from punched out aluminum sheeting. Even though the Tesla body is made of aluminum, the Ibis is at least 800 lbs lighter which everyone knows will produce better mileage, especially in urban driving conditions. The next important point is that the Ibis carbon fiber body sits on a high strength extruded aluminum frame not on a sheet metal punched out aluminum frame as the Tesla.Most Tesla Model S are priced over $100,000 after federal rebates. The Ibis, after federal rebates, will be $59,500. A cost that is significantly different and not something to sneeze at.Both cars have a variety of gadgetry based on customers' desires. However, the Tesla was the first to demonstrate to the world that an electric car can compete in every aspect with regular gasoline-powered vehicles. We acknowledge Tesla for this accomplishment. However, building an electric car that can accelerate from zero to 60 mph faster than a Ferrari, although impressive, is not what electric cars are all about, they are about the environment. Incidentally, the Ibis acceleration is comparable to most gasoline operated vehicles on the road today. Finally, let's remember that high powered electric motors used to accomplish hair raising acceleration also consume battery energy at phenomenal rates and are as unnecessary as gas powered muscle cars for the general public.Electric cars are being developed to reduce our dependence on foreign oil and reduce all emissions including the ones causing climate change. We believe the Ibis will capture a portion of the high-end middle market which offers all of the high-tech gadgets at an affordable price and, the e-Go will capture a portion of the lower-end middle market – both due to their carbon fiber bodies and space age aluminum frames which no other manufacturer offers.








































Oops! This site has expired. If you are the site owner, please renew your premium subscription or contact support.






2050 Motors - Shanghai Show



































Automotive Technology for 2050 here today








						
							Click here to edit subtitle
						
					

























New second generation full-size electric carbon fiber four-door touring sedan automobile at the 2014 Shanghai Show.









Carbon fiber sedan automobile with a 85 kWh battery pack and 280 mile (450 km) driving range on a full charge.








State-of-the-art digital display dashboard with navigation system and multimedia system.








Unveiling of the new second generation touring sedan received a lot of attention from attendees and Shanghai Press.








Michael Hu, President, and Stretch Fowler, General Manager of 2050 Motors, Inc. inside the new touring car.








Five-passenger carbon fiber body electric e-Go EV with a 34 kWh battery pack, 1,400 lbs total weight and over 200 miles (over 320 km) driving range on a full charge.








Other demonstration drive e-Go vehicles on display outside at Shanghai Auto Show.








Interior of the carbon fiber e-Go EV.







Dashboard with removable computer tablet slot on e-Go EV.







President Michael Hu sitting in e-Go EV.








Attendees and press viewing demonstration e-Go EVs.







e-Go EV vehicle test driven by Aoxin Automobile.



















New second generation full-size electric carbon fiber four-door touring sedan automobile at the 2014 Shanghai Show.















 SHANGHAI SHOW  2014 Shanghai Auto Show 2050 Motors' China partner, Jiangsu Aoxin New Energy
Automobile, Ltd. showcased its four-passenger carbon fiber body electric
vehicle, the e-Go EV, with a 34 kWh battery pack, 1,400 lbs total weight and
over 200 miles (over 320 km) driving range on a full charge. The carbon fiber
car received major attention at the 2014 Shanghai New Energy Auto Show (NEAS)
held from November 4th through November 8th, 2014. Also, unveiled for the first time was a new second
generation full-size electric carbon fiber four-door touring sedan automobile
with a 85 kWh battery pack and 280 mile (450 km) driving range on a full
charge. Both EV models received major attention from attendees and government
representatives at the show. The Chinese news media stated that, “the two EV
models received a stunning debut!” In fact, the three demonstration electric
e-Go EVs that were scheduled to be delivered to the United States after the
automotive exhibition will now be held over in China, along with the new
four-door touring automobile, for demonstration to the Central Industry Bureau
Officers and National Top Leaders visiting Aoxin in December 2014. The 2014 Shanghai NEAS was a great success for the e-Go and
its big brother four-door touring sedan. Both models have carbon fiber bodies
on space-age aluminum frames. Some spectators at the show described the touring
sedan as looking like a “Maserati on steroids.”










Oops! This site has expired. If you are the site owner, please renew your premium subscription or contact support.





ETFM Stock Price - 2050 Motors Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: OTC) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,513.17


-66.90


-0.31%











S&P 500

2,469.91


-2.63


-0.11%











Nasdaq

6,410.81


23.05


0.36%











GlobalDow

2,837.52


6.57


0.23%











Gold

1,258.80


-1.90


-0.15%











Oil

46.79


0.45


0.97%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



XRX 
3.8




WYNN 
3.3




NRG 
3.2




INCY 
3.0






HAS
-9.4




FL
-4.6




HAL
-4.2




MAT
-3.8














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








5:16a

Updated
European stocks march higher as German businesses take ‘euphoric’ tone



5:15a

Investment chief who manages $19 billion heads to the ‘frontier’ for bigger gains



5:11a

Opinion
Donald Trump may not want to take credit for the stock market just yet



5:05a

Should you buy a starter home or a long-term home?



5:03a

Which state’s 529 plan is right for you?



5:02a

Opinion
What the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks



4:45a

SoftBank pursues multibillion-dollar stake in Uber



4:30a

Revolution Bars: Terror attacks hurt trading



4:26a

Updated
Greece returns to international bond markets after 3-year hiatus 



4:21a

German business sentiment hits record high in July












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


ETFM


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



ETFM
U.S.: OTC


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


2050 Motors Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateETFMAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 24, 2017 5:20 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
0.0318



-0.0001
-0.31%






Previous Close




$0.0319





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




36.29% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    10.9K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 30K
            





Open: 0.0319
Close: 0.0318



0.0318
Day Low/High
0.0319





Day Range



0.0215
52 Week Low/High
0.1500


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$0.0319



Day Range
0.0318 - 0.0319



52 Week Range
0.0215 - 0.1500



Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
37.5M



Public Float
26.81M



Beta
n/a



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
n/a
n/a


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
29.97K




 


Performance




5 Day


6.00%







1 Month


2.58%







3 Month


-46.55%







YTD


-69.13%







1 Year


-68.20%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available










Penny Stocks Like Latteno Foods Rally, Fueling Big-Dollar Dreams


May. 30, 2014 at 2:50 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-K: 2050 MOTORS, INC.


Apr. 17, 2017 at 5:00 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Pool Corporation: Don't Jump In


Mar. 21, 2017 at 3:14 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: 2050 MOTORS, INC.


Nov. 21, 2016 at 4:49 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: 2050 MOTORS, INC.


Aug. 19, 2016 at 2:45 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





2050 Motors to bring carbon fiber EV to U.S.


Feb. 14, 2016 at 10:37 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Penny Stocks Like Latteno Foods Rally, Fueling Big-Dollar Dreams


May. 30, 2014 at 2:50 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









2050 Motors Outlook for 2017


Dec. 9, 2016 at 9:01 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





2050 Motors Outlook for 2017


Dec. 9, 2016 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on Filing Services Canada








  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMD

2.02%








GOOGL

0.45%








KORS

-0.77%








LOGI

4.94%








WDAY

0.98%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




5:32 AM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:17aEuropean stocks march higher as German businesses take ‘euphoric’ tone
5:15aInvestment chief who manages $19 billion heads to the ‘frontier’ for bigger gains
5:11aDonald Trump may not want to take credit for the stock market just yet
5:06aShould you buy a starter home or a long-term home?
5:03aWhich state’s 529 plan is right for you?
5:02aWhat the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks
4:46aSoftBank pursues multibillion-dollar stake in Uber
4:31aRevolution Bars: Terror attacks hurt trading
4:27aGreece returns to international bond markets after 3-year hiatus 
4:22aGerman business sentiment hits record high in July
4:08aChipotle earnings: Media coverage of the latest illness scare will put earnings targets at risk
4:07aHere’s what it looks like when the foreclosure ‘pig’ moves through the housing-crisis ‘python’
4:07aGermany Ifo business climate index at 116.0 in July vs. 114.9 forecast: DJ
4:07aFed to stick to plans for rate hike, balance-sheet selloff this year
4:06aEuro rises to $1.1665 after German Ifo data 
4:06aIs this why United, TSA clashed on Twitter over comic books on planes?
4:05aMLS says no to promotion-and-relegation regime — and $4 billion, to boot 
4:05aThe scientifically proven reason you should stop feeling guilty about ordering takeout
4:04aHere’s a sign investors are viewing earnings through rose-tinted glasses
4:04aGerman Ifo hits record high in July: DJ
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,513.17

-66.90
-0.31%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,410.81

+23.05
+0.36%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.91

-2.63
-0.11%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




5:32 AM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:17aEuropean stocks march higher as German businesses take ‘euphoric’ tone
5:15aInvestment chief who manages $19 billion heads to the ‘frontier’ for bigger gains
5:11aDonald Trump may not want to take credit for the stock market just yet
5:06aShould you buy a starter home or a long-term home?
5:03aWhich state’s 529 plan is right for you?
5:02aWhat the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks
4:46aSoftBank pursues multibillion-dollar stake in Uber
4:31aRevolution Bars: Terror attacks hurt trading
4:27aGreece returns to international bond markets after 3-year hiatus 
4:22aGerman business sentiment hits record high in July
4:08aChipotle earnings: Media coverage of the latest illness scare will put earnings targets at risk
4:07aHere’s what it looks like when the foreclosure ‘pig’ moves through the housing-crisis ‘python’
4:07aGermany Ifo business climate index at 116.0 in July vs. 114.9 forecast: DJ
4:07aFed to stick to plans for rate hike, balance-sheet selloff this year
4:06aEuro rises to $1.1665 after German Ifo data 
4:06aIs this why United, TSA clashed on Twitter over comic books on planes?
4:05aMLS says no to promotion-and-relegation regime — and $4 billion, to boot 
4:05aThe scientifically proven reason you should stop feeling guilty about ordering takeout
4:04aHere’s a sign investors are viewing earnings through rose-tinted glasses
4:04aGerman Ifo hits record high in July: DJ
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,513.17

-66.90
-0.31%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,410.81

+23.05
+0.36%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.91

-2.63
-0.11%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




5:32 AM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
5:17aEuropean stocks march higher as German businesses take ‘euphoric’ tone
5:15aInvestment chief who manages $19 billion heads to the ‘frontier’ for bigger gains
5:11aDonald Trump may not want to take credit for the stock market just yet
5:06aShould you buy a starter home or a long-term home?
5:03aWhich state’s 529 plan is right for you?
5:02aWhat the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks
4:46aSoftBank pursues multibillion-dollar stake in Uber
4:31aRevolution Bars: Terror attacks hurt trading
4:27aGreece returns to international bond markets after 3-year hiatus 
4:22aGerman business sentiment hits record high in July
4:08aChipotle earnings: Media coverage of the latest illness scare will put earnings targets at risk
4:07aHere’s what it looks like when the foreclosure ‘pig’ moves through the housing-crisis ‘python’
4:07aGermany Ifo business climate index at 116.0 in July vs. 114.9 forecast: DJ
4:07aFed to stick to plans for rate hike, balance-sheet selloff this year
4:06aEuro rises to $1.1665 after German Ifo data 
4:06aIs this why United, TSA clashed on Twitter over comic books on planes?
4:05aMLS says no to promotion-and-relegation regime — and $4 billion, to boot 
4:05aThe scientifically proven reason you should stop feeling guilty about ordering takeout
4:04aHere’s a sign investors are viewing earnings through rose-tinted glasses
4:04aGerman Ifo hits record high in July: DJ
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,513.17

-66.90
-0.31%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,410.81

+23.05
+0.36%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,469.91

-2.63
-0.11%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































ETFM Stock Price - 2050 Motors Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: OTC) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,513.17


-66.90


-0.31%











S&P 500

2,469.91


-2.63


-0.11%











Nasdaq

6,410.81


23.05


0.36%











GlobalDow

2,837.43


6.48


0.23%











Gold

1,258.60


-2.10


-0.17%











Oil

46.79


0.45


0.97%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



XRX 
3.8




WYNN 
3.3




NRG 
3.2




INCY 
3.0






HAS
-9.4




FL
-4.6




HAL
-4.2




MAT
-3.8














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








5:16a

Updated
European stocks march higher as German businesses take ‘euphoric’ tone



5:15a

Investment chief who manages $19 billion heads to the ‘frontier’ for bigger gains



5:11a

Opinion
Donald Trump may not want to take credit for the stock market just yet



5:05a

Should you buy a starter home or a long-term home?



5:03a

Which state’s 529 plan is right for you?



5:02a

Opinion
What the solar eclipse on Aug. 21 will mean for stocks



4:45a

SoftBank pursues multibillion-dollar stake in Uber



4:30a

Revolution Bars: Terror attacks hurt trading



4:26a

Updated
Greece returns to international bond markets after 3-year hiatus 



4:21a

German business sentiment hits record high in July












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


ETFM


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



ETFM
U.S.: OTC


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


2050 Motors Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateETFMAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 24, 2017 5:20 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
0.0318



-0.0001
-0.31%






Previous Close




$0.0319





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




36.29% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    10.9K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 30K
            





Open: 0.0319
Close: 0.0318



0.0318
Day Low/High
0.0319





Day Range



0.0215
52 Week Low/High
0.1500


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$0.0319



Day Range
0.0318 - 0.0319



52 Week Range
0.0215 - 0.1500



Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
37.5M



Public Float
26.81M



Beta
n/a



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
n/a
n/a


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
29.97K




 


Performance




5 Day


6.00%







1 Month


2.58%







3 Month


-46.55%







YTD


-69.13%







1 Year


-68.20%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available










Penny Stocks Like Latteno Foods Rally, Fueling Big-Dollar Dreams


May. 30, 2014 at 2:50 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-K: 2050 MOTORS, INC.


Apr. 17, 2017 at 5:00 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Pool Corporation: Don't Jump In


Mar. 21, 2017 at 3:14 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: 2050 MOTORS, INC.


Nov. 21, 2016 at 4:49 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: 2050 MOTORS, INC.


Aug. 19, 2016 at 2:45 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





2050 Motors to bring carbon fiber EV to U.S.


Feb. 14, 2016 at 10:37 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Penny Stocks Like Latteno Foods Rally, Fueling Big-Dollar Dreams


May. 30, 2014 at 2:50 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









2050 Motors Outlook for 2017


Dec. 9, 2016 at 9:01 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





2050 Motors Outlook for 2017


Dec. 9, 2016 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on Filing Services Canada








  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMD

2.02%








GOOGL

0.45%








KORS

-0.77%








LOGI

4.94%








WDAY

0.98%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.











  ETFM:OTC US Stock Quote - 2050 Motors Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  2050 Motors Inc   ETFM:US   OTC US        0.03USD   0.00   0.31%     As of 8:10 PM EDT 7/24/2017     Open   0.03    Day Range   0.03 - 0.03    Volume   10,875    Previous Close   0.03    52Wk Range   0.02 - 0.15    1 Yr Return   -68.20%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   0.03    Day Range   0.03 - 0.03    Volume   10,875    Previous Close   0.03    52Wk Range   0.02 - 0.15    1 Yr Return   -68.20%    YTD Return   -69.13%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -0.02    Market Cap (m USD)   1.193    Shares Outstanding  (m)   37.504    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Consumer Discretionary   % Price Change -0.38%     Industry Retailing   % Price Change -0.16%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   2050 Motors, Inc. sells carbon-fiber electric cars. The Company manufactures carbon-fiber parts and lithium ion batteries for automobiles distributed in the United States.    Address  413 Silver Prarie CourtLas Vegas, NVUnited States   Phone  1-702-591-2958   Website   www.2050motors.com     Executives Board Members    Michael Hu  President/CEO/CFO    Bernd Schaefers  Secretary     Show More         






2050 Motors Inc (ETFM) Advertising 




























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 




















 ETFM- OTCPK (USA)2050 Motors Inc



Not Rated

Top Ranked Predictable Companies
 
$0.03     0(0%) Volume: 10,875  1:01AM EDTAvg Vol (1m): 30,240
Warning! GuruFocus has detected 3 Severe Warning Signs with ETFM. Click here to check it out.  







Market Cap : 
			1.19 M
Enterprise Value : 
			1.44 M
P/E(TTM) : 
			
P/B : 
			











+ Add to Portfolio
Email Alerts
Stock PDFRSSWebsite FilingsDownloadBatch DownloadManual of Stocks™ Web APPManual of Stocks™Sorry. Only PremiumPlus Member can access this feature.Free Trial





This feature is only available for Premium Members, please sign up for
GuruFocus Premium Membership

7-Day Free Trial Now





ETFM has been successfully added to your Stock Email Alerts list.
You can manage your stock email alerts here.




ETFM has been removed from your Stock Email Alerts list.



Please enter Portfolio Name for new portfolio.


SummaryGuru Trades30-Y FinancialsAnalysisDCFInteractive ChartDividendInsiderOwnershipHeadlinesCompareChecklistDefinitions






Switch to:















Fundamental

 Altman Z-Score Beneish M-Score Book Value per Share Dividends per Share E10 Earnings per Share (Diluted) EBITDA per Share Enterprise Value EPS without NRI FFO per Share Financial Strength Float Percentage Of Total Shares Outstanding Free Cash Flow per Share Insider Ownership Institutional Ownership Market Cap (M) Net Cash per Share Net Current Asset Value Net-Net Working Capital Operating Cash Flow per Share Owner Earnings per Share (TTM) Piotroski F-Score Predictability Rank Profitability Revenue per Share Scaled Net Operating Assets Short Interest Short Percentage of Float Tangible Book per Share Total Debt per Share 


Valuation Ratio

 3-Year Average Share Buyback Ratio Asset Turnover Cash Conversion Cycle Cash-to-Debt COGS-to-Revenue Current Ratio Days Inventory Days Payable Days Sales Outstanding Debt-to-Equity Earnings Yield % Earnings Yield (Joel Greenblatt) % Effective Interest Rate on Debt % Equity-to-Asset EV-to-EBIT EV-to-EBITDA EV-to-Revenue Forward PE Ratio Forward Rate of Return (Yacktman) % Goodwill-to-Asset Interest Coverage Inventory Turnover Inventory-to-Revenue LT-Debt-to-Total-Asset PB Ratio PE Ratio PE Ratio PE Ratio without NRI PEG Ratio Price-to-Free-Cash-Flow Price-to-Operating-Cash-Flow Price-to-Owner-Earnings Price-to-Tangible-Book PS Ratio Quick Ratio Return-on-Tangible-Asset Return-on-Tangible-Equity ROA % ROC % ROC (Joel Greenblatt) % ROE % ROIC % Shiller PE Ratio Short Ratio Sloan Ratio % WACC % 


Profitability

 FCF Margin % Gross Margin % Net Interest Margin (Bank Only) % Net Margin % Operating Margin % 


Price

 Earnings Power Value (EPV) Graham Number Intrinsic Value: DCF (Earnings Based) Intrinsic Value: DCF (FCF Based) Intrinsic Value: Projected FCF Margin of Safty % (DCF Earnings Based) Median PS Value Net Cash per Share Peter Lynch Fair Value 


Dividends

 3-Year Dividend Growth Rate 5-Year Dividend Growth Rate 5-Year Yield-on-Cost % Dividend Payout Ratio Dividend Yield % Dividend-Payout-to-FFO Forward Dividend Yield % 


Income Statement

 Advertising Cost of Goods Sold Credit Losses Provision Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization EBIT EBITDA EPS (Basic) EPS (Diluted) Fees and Other Income Gross Profit Interest Expense Interest Income Net Income Net Income (Continuing Operations) Net Income (Discontinued Operations) Net Interest Income Net Investment Income Net Policyholder Benefits/Claims Non Interest Income Non-Recurring Items Operating Income Other Income (Expense) Other Noninterest Expense Other Operating Expense Policy Acquisition Expense Pre-Tax Income Preferred Dividends Research & Development Revenue Selling, General, & Admin. Expense Shares Outstanding (Diluted Average) SpecialCharges Tax Expense Tax Provision Total Premiums Earned 


Balance Sheet

 Accounts Payable & Accrued Expense Accounts Receivable Accumulated Depreciation Additional Paid-In Capital Buildings And Improvements Capital Lease Obligation Capital Surplus Cash And Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents Cash, Cash Equivalents, Marketable Securities Common Stock Construction In Progress Current Portion of Long-Term Debt Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs Equity Investments Fixed Maturity Investment Future Policy Benefits Goodwill Gross Property, Plant and Equipment Intangible Assets Inventories, Finished Goods Inventories, Other Inventories, Raw Materials & Components Inventories, Work In Process Land And Improvements Long-Term Debt & Capital Lease Obligation Marketable Securities Money Market Investments Net Loan Other Assets for Banks Other Current Assets Other Current Liabilities Other Liabilities for Banks Other Long Term Assets Other Long-Term Liabilities Paid-In Capital Policyholder Funds Preferred Stock Property, Plant and Equipment Retained Earnings Securities & Investments Shares Outstanding (EOP) Short-term investments Total Assets Total Current Assets Total Current Liabilities Total Deposits Total Equity Total Inventories Total Liabilities Treasury Stock Unearned Premiums Unpaid Loss & Loss Reserve 


Cashflow statement

 Capital Expenditure Cash Flow for Dividends Cash Flow from Discontinued Operations Cash Flow from Financing Cash Flow from Investing Cash Flow from Operations Cash Flow from Others Cash From Discontinued Investing Activities Cash From Other Investing Activities Change In Inventory Change In Receivables Change In Working Capital Cumulative Effect Of Accounting Change Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization FFO Free Cash Flow Net Change in Cash Net Foreign Currency Exchange Gain Net Income From Continuing Operations Net Intangibles Purchase And Sale Net Issuance of Debt Net Issuance of Preferred Stock Net Issuance of Stock Purchase Of Business Purchase Of Investment Purchase Of Property, Plant, Equipment Sale Of Business Sale Of Investment Sale Of Property, Plant, Equipment Stock Based Compensation 










                        GuruFocus has detected 4 Warning Signs with 2050 Motors Inc $ETFM.                    

                        More than 500,000 people have already joined GuruFocus to track the stocks they follow and exchange investment ideas.
                    
























2050 Motors Inc (OTCPK:ETFM)
Advertising
=GURUF("ETFM","Advertising")

$0.00 Mil (As of Mar. 2017)
2050 Motors Inc's promotion and advertising for the quarter that ended in Mar. 2017 was $0.00 Mil.

Definition
This is the expense the company spent on promoting an industry, entity, brand, product name, or specific products or services in order to stimulate a desire to buy the entity's products or services.

Historical Data
* All numbers are in millions except for per share data and ratio. All numbers are in their local exchange's currency.
2050 Motors Inc Annual Data



Dec06Dec07Dec11Dec12Dec13Dec14Dec15Dec16

PromotionAndAdvertising
0.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.00

2050 Motors Inc Quarterly Data



Dec14Mar15Jun15Sep15Dec15Mar16Jun16Sep16Dec16Mar17

PromotionAndAdvertising
0.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.00













Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.

















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK


























2050 Motors, Inc. To Go Public Through Transaction With Zegarelli Group International, Inc. - TheStreet



































































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































2050 Motors, Inc. To Go Public Through Transaction With Zegarelli Group International, Inc.






GlobeNewswire



Feb 5, 2014 6:00 AM EST













 




























































    INDIO, Calif., Feb. 5, 2014 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Zegarelli Group International ("Zegarelli") (OTCBB:ZEGG), a blank check company, announced today it has entered into a Plan and Agreement of Reorganization (the "Acquisition Agreement") with 2050 Motors, Inc. ("2050 Motors") and certain stockholders of 2050 Motors, whereby Zegarelli will acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of 2050 Motors common stock in exchange for 24,993,665 shares of Zegarelli common stock, and the 2050 Motors stockholders will become the majority owners of Zegarelli. In conjunction with this announcement, Zegarelli will file a Schedule 14F-1 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") relating to the change in the majority of its board of directors to a group of directors designated by 2050 Motors. In accordance with the close of the transaction Zegarelli will change its name to 2050 Motors, Inc. and affect a reverse stock split of 1 for 4, reducing its total issued and outstanding shares to 5,562,084 shares prior to the exchange of shares with 2050 Motors. The close of the transaction is expected to take place around March 16, 2014.  About 2050 Motors  2050 Motors is a development stage company formed to import, market, and sell electric cars manufactured in China. 2050 Motors has entered into an agreement with Jiangsu Aoxin Energy Automobile Co., Ltd., located in Jiangsu, China ("Aoxin"), for the distribution in the United States of a new electric automobile, known as the e-Go EV. Aoxin is a subsidiary of Dongfeng Motor Corporation which manufactures 3.2 million non-electric cars and trucks per year in China for sale in Asia and Europe.  The e-Go EV is a revolutionary new concept in the ever evolving world of electric vehicles. It is currently in its final stage of development. It will be the only production line electric car with a carbon fiber body and parts manufactured by a new process using robotic machines which significantly reduces the fabrication time and cost of carbon fiber components. The e-Go EV will seat five passengers, have over twice the battery life of any other electric vehicle on the market today and will have an energy efficiency rating up to 285 MPG (Energy Equivalent) in urban driving.  



 








 































































 











Trending


Alphabet Shares Trade Lower in Frankfurt After Q2 Earnings Highlight Traffic Cost Concerns


FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal


Amazon Tumbling Almost 40% Is Not as Crazy as It Sounds


Walmart in Focus Amid 'Horrific' Human Trafficking Incident in Texas That Causes Nine Deaths


10 Stocks to Give as Gifts











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












2050 Motors, Inc. to Start Taking Deposits on Its Carbon Fiber Electric Autos in MarchHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets open in 3 hrs 58 minsS&P Futures2,471.25+2.75 (+0.11%)Dow Futures21,516.00+17.00 (+0.08%)Nasdaq Futures5,934.75+0.75 (+0.01%)2050 Motors, Inc. to Start Taking Deposits on Its Carbon Fiber Electric Autos in MarchMarketwiredMarch 11, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareLAS VEGAS, NV--(Marketwired - March 11, 2016) -  Michael Hu, President of 2050 Motors, Inc. (ETFM), announced today that 2050 Motors will be accepting deposits on their all carbon fiber body electric automobile, called the e-Go, on March 17th (St. Patrick's Day) starting at midnight.Michael Hu stated, "The super-light-weight efficient e-Go with its all carbon fiber body built on a high grade extruded aluminum alloy frame is ready to take on any competitor including the Tesla Model 3 commuter car and the new electric Chevy Bolt, which are both scheduled to make their market entry in 2017. According to Wall Street, the electric commuter market is developing to be a major potential target which is being addressed by several automobile companies."Due to the e-Go's advanced lightweight materials and design, the e-Go is at least 1000 lbs lighter than any of its competitors. Presently, no one can match the e-Go's efficiency especially under urban driving conditions."In an article in USA Today by Nathan Bomey (titled "Elon Musk: Tesla to accept orders on new Model 3 car")(http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/cars/2016/02/11/elon-musk-tesla-motors/80222610/) the author states, "Tesla is expected to preview the Model 3 in an event March 31, although it's not clear whether the company will reveal the entire vehicle. Anyone who pre-orders must place a $1,000 deposit, Musk said on Twitter."The USA Today article further states, "The company [Tesla Motors] has said the car would become available in late 2017, although analysts from Barclays and Morgan Stanley say mid- to late 2018 would be more realistic. The car has long been viewed as the defining product for Tesla - a turning point that will prove whether the company can design, engineer, manufacture and sell a mass-market, comparably affordable electric vehicle."Michael Hu commented, "2050 Motors cannot allow Tesla to corner the commuter market in the same way they cornered the high-end market four years ago. Four years ago, Tesla had no competition and very few other automobile companies were interested in investing in such a small segment of the consumer market. However, they are now entering into a commuter market where it will receive significant competition."The e-Go manufacturing plant is complete and ready to begin production and, we believe, we can compete not only with the Tesla Model 3 but also with any of the other affordable electric commuter vehicles competing in the US market. 2050 Motors will take initial pre-order deposits from March 17th at midnight through March 31st. The company will offer significant incentives for those who pre-order the e-Go including receiving the opportunity to be awarded free e-Go automobiles. This is especially true for those who place deposits on the first 25 e-Go vehicles. They will have the right to trade in their e-Go for the Ibis four door carbon fiber luxury sedan if and when it becomes available to the US market and receive the full purchase price of the e-Go against the price of the Ibis." Interested buyers can fill out a form online at http://www.2050motors.com/pre-order/pre-order-form.html and have 10 days to fulfill the deposit after March 31st. Other details for making the $1000 deposit are on our website. People who are interested in this opportunity should read the pre-order terms carefully and be ready to fill out the online form starting on midnight March 17th.Mr. Hu concluded, "2050 Motors has maintained a very low profile during the six years of development of the all carbon fiber bodied electric vehicles - the e-Go and the Ibis - until they were unveiled on February 12th at a grand opening in Las Vegas, which received much media attention."It's not 2050 Motors' intention to competitively out sell the e-Go against the Model 3 from Tesla or the Chevy Bolt because of their already existing name recognition. However, it's also true that 2050 Motors does not need to sell a significant number of vehicles for the company to become profitable. Large automobile companies have to recapture hundreds of millions of dollars that they have invested in the creation of their vehicle and they also have to cope with huge overheads. This is not true for 2050 Motors, we have virtually zero liabilities and even if we capture a very small percentage of the marketplace we can turn significant profits even from the initial sales of our vehicles."Read MoreThe Las Vegas Review Journal article titled, "A Second Electric Car Company Is Planning To Build A Manufacturing Plant In Southern Nevada" (http://www.reviewjournal.com/business/second-electric-car-company-plans-manufacturing-plant-southern-nevada), correctly stated that 2050 Motors has completed all the milestones required by an automobile company to begin sales in the marketplace, including the ability to produce their vehicles on a mass scale. The only item left for the e-Go is to pass US crash testing standards. However, the e-Go has already passed crash test safety requirements according to European, Japanese and Chinese standards.About 2050 Motors, Inc.2050 Motors, Inc. (http://www.2050motors.com and http://www.etfm.com), is a publicly traded company incorporated in Nevada in 2012. 2050 Motors was founded to develop and produce the next generation of clean, lightweight, efficient vehicles and its associated technologies. Some of these technologies include alternative renewable fuels, hybrid electric vehicles, advanced graphene lithium batteries and carbon fiber low cost vehicles. 2050 Motors has been successful in forming long term relationships and exclusive contracts for a variety of game changing technologies. 2050 Motors entered into an agreement with Jiangsu Aoxin New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd., located in Jiangsu, China, for the distribution in the United States of a new electric automobile, known as the e-Go EV (electric vehicle). The e-Go EV is a revolutionary new concept in the ever evolving world of electric vehicles. It will be the only production line electric car with a carbon fiber body and parts manufactured by a new process using robotic machines which significantly reduces the fabrication time and cost of carbon fiber components. The e-Go EV will seat four passengers, have a long battery life, and high energy efficiency rating up to 150+ MPG-E energy equivalent in urban driving due to the light weight of the vehicle. The five passenger carbon fiber luxury sedan Ibis EV, the e-Go's big brother, will also be showcased along with the e-Go EV for future sales in the United States. See videos of completion of the e-Go EV manufacturing plant at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wih8_xxZNgA and the unveiling of the e-Go EV at the 2014 Shanghai Auto Show http://www.2050motors.com/shanghaishow.html. The company is fully reporting under the SEC EDGAR system.Disclosure StatementStatements in this press release about our future expectations, including without limitation, the likelihood that 2050 Motors will be able to leverage capital markets to execute its growth strategy, meet US DOT requirements, meet minimum sales expectations, will be successful and profitable in the US market, and will bring significant value to 2050 Motors' stockholders, constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and as that term is defined in the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change at any time, and our actual results could differ materially from expected results. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this statement or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextTesla Faces 3 Serious Issues That Should Terrify Any Investor Looking to Buy the StockThe StreetEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredThe long and winding road of electric car adoptionThe TelegraphUK to power industrial strategy with battery funding ‘revolution’The TelegraphBeyond Tesla: 7 stocks driving the autonomous car revolutionMarketWatchStart Earning Miles With The Best Travel CardWise BreadSponsoredHere's Trump's approval rating in every stateBusiness InsiderParents railed against the Boy Scouts of America after Trump's campaign-style speechBusiness InsiderFirst ‘Avengers: Infinity War’ Trailer LeakedInvestorPlaceHow To Cash In Big On The Bitcoin Craze By July 28Agora FinancialSponsoredTempted by the Demon, dealers find way to thwart Dodge, jack up pricesAutoblogChina is crushing American tech titansYahoo Finance VideoMcDonald's, GM, and Domino's — What you need to know in markets on TuesdayYahoo FinanceDog Gets On Bus Alone Every Day Without OwnerNews Daily FeedSponsoredObamacare is hurting these people—and Congress is doing nothing about itYahoo FinanceUnder Armour ripped up Jordan Spieth's old contract before he won his first major and gave him a 10-year deal, and it's already paid off big timeBusiness InsiderKushner returns to Capitol Hill for 2nd day of interviewsBarry: Trump and his extended family have had a habit of perjuring themselves, at worst, and insulting the intelligence of at least those of us who feel the need to question their motives, at best.  For his sake, lets hope that Kushner is telling the truth.  If not, he will be the first of the Trump clan to be on his way to jail, or receive a presidential pardon- sparking a constitutional crisis.Join the Conversation1 / 543









2050 Motors Inc (ETFM.PK)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: 2050 Motors Inc (ETFM.PK)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerAuto & Truck Manufacturers












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				ETFM.PK on OTC Markets Group


				0.03USD
24 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $-0.00


					            (-0.31%)
					        






Prev Close

$0.03


Open

$0.03




Day's High

$0.03


Day's Low

$0.03




Volume

10,875


Avg. Vol

35,547




52-wk High

$0.15


52-wk Low

$0.02












					Full Description



2050 Motors, Inc., incorporated on February 27, 1990, is a development-stage company. The Company's principal activity is the importation and the marketing and selling of electric automobiles. The Company has an exclusive license to import, market and sell in the United States, Puerto Rico, the United States Territories and Peru, the e-Go lightweight carbon fiber all-electric vehicle design and electric light truck, manufactured by Jiangsu Aoxin New Energy Automobile Co., LTD (Aoxin Automobile) located in the Peoples Republic of China.Aoxin Automobile develops and manufactures a lightweight, carbon fiber e-Go EV electric car (e-Go EV). The Company focuses on importing vehicles completely fabricated and assembled in China from Aoxin Automobile. The Company has not generated any revenues.

» Full Overview of ETFM.PK







					Company Address



2050 Motors Inc
3420 Bunkerhill DrNORTH LAS VEGAS   NV   89032-7990
P: +1702.5916029







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Michael Hu

50,440




							 Bernd Schaefers

--




							 Mark Edwards

--




» More Officers & Directors





					2050 Motors Inc News




» More ETFM.PK  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerAuto & Truck Manufacturers




















ETFM Profile | 2050 MOTORS, INC. Stock - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets open in 3 hrs 58 minsS&P Futures2,471.25+2.75 (+0.11%)Dow Futures21,516.00+17.00 (+0.08%)2050 Motors, Inc. (ETFM)Other OTC - Other OTC Delayed Price. Currency in USDAdd to watchlist0.0318-0.0001 (-0.3135%)At close:  10:12AM EDTPeople also watchCGACCLSHGOGYAEXEECEZSummaryConversationsStatisticsProfileFinancialsOptionsHoldersHistorical DataAnalysts2050 Motors, Inc.3420 Bunkerhill DriveLas Vegas, NV 89032United States702-591-6029http://www.2050motors.comSector: Industry: Full Time Employees: Key ExecutivesNameTitlePayExercisedAgeMr. Michael  HuChief Exec. Officer, Pres, Chief Financial Officer and Director48kN/A63Mr. Bernd  SchaefersSr. Vice-Pres of Marketing, Sec. and DirectorN/AN/A75Mr. George  HedrickVice-Pres of North American OperationsN/AN/AN/AAmounts are as of December 31, 2016 and compensation values are for the last fiscal year ending on that date. Pay is salary, bonuses, etc. Exercised is the value of options exercised during the fiscal year. Currency in USD.Description2050 Motors, Inc., a development stage company, focuses on importing, marketing, and sale of electric automobiles primarily in the United States. Its product includes e-Go EV, a lightweight carbon fiber electric vehicle. The company was founded in 2012 and is based in Las Vegas, Nevada.Corporate Governance2050 Motors, Inc.’s ISS Governance QualityScore as of N/A is N/A. The pillar scores are Audit: N/A; Board: N/A; Shareholder Rights: N/A; Compensation: N/A.Corporate governance scores courtesy of Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS).  Scores indicate decile rank relative to index or region. A decile score of 1 indicates lower governance risk, while a 10 indicates higher governance risk.Yahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)
























2050 Motors, Inc. - ETFM - Stock Price Today - Zacks









 




























 
 

		ETFM is  0.03% today, but where's it headed in August?
 


   

 Privacy Policy

		No cost, no obligation to buy anything ever.
 


















 
Join

Sign In




Member Sign In


 Keep Me Signed In 
What does "Remember Me" do?
Forgot Password


Create a New Account







 




















 


You are being directed to ZacksTrade, a division of LBMZ Securities and licensed broker-dealer. ZacksTrade and Zacks.com are separate companies. The web link between the two companies is not a solicitation or offer to invest in a particular security or type of security. ZacksTrade does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy, any analyst opinion/rating/report or any approach to evaluating indiv idual securities.
If you wish to go to ZacksTrade, click OK. If you do not, click Cancel.
OK Cancel








Back to top








more

























 2050 Motors, Inc. (ETFM)
(Delayed Data from OTC)



$0.03 USD
0.03
10,875


                -0.00                (-0.31%)
              

Updated Jul 24, 2017 10:12 AM ET




Add to portfolio
 





Zacks Rank:



 




Style Scores:



NA Value | NA Growth | NA Momentum | NA VGM                


The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.


Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores





Industry Rank:



 Bottom 14%(228 out of 265) 
Industry: Automotive - Domestic




View All Zacks #1 Ranked Stocks




Trades from
$1

 



This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%


 Zacks Rank Education - Learn about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports



The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
        Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank
        









Quote Overview
















Stock Activity



Open
0.03


Day Low
0.03


Day High
0.03


52 Wk Low
0.02


52 Wk High
0.15


Avg. Volume
63,113


Market Cap
1.20 M


Dividend
0.00 ( 0.00%)


Beta
-2.71





Key Earnings Data



Earnings ESP 
0.00%


Most Accurate Est
NA


Current Qtr Est
NA


Current Yr Est
NA


Exp Earnings Date
8/18/17


Prior Year EPS
NA


Exp EPS Growth (3-5yr)NA


Forward PE
NA


PEG Ratio
NA










Auto-Tires-Trucks » Automotive - Domestic





Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find companies that have recently seen positive earnings estimate revision activity. The idea is that more recent information is, generally speaking, more accurate and can be a better predictor of the future, which can give investors an advantage in earnings season.
The technique has proven to be very useful for finding positive surprises. In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time, while they also saw 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
    
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings







News for ETFM

Zacks News for ETFM
Other News for ETFM


                        No data available. 
                        
                        




Pool Corporation: Don`t Jump In
03/21/17-2:15AM EST  Seeking Alpha

2050 Motors Outlook for 2017
12/09/16-8:55AM EST  GlobeNewswire

2050 Motors Secures 10 Million Dollar Equity Purchase Agreement For Auto Assembly Plant
06/29/16-8:56AM EST  GlobeNewswire

TV Interview Covers Future of Automotive Industry and 2050 Motors
06/16/16-8:56AM EST  GlobeNewswire

2050 Motors Inc. Airs Its All Electric Carbon Fiber Automobile Story
05/20/16-8:56AM EST  GlobeNewswire


More Other News for ETFM





Premium Research for ETFM





Zacks Rank


                             NA
                            


Zacks Industry Rank
 Bottom 14%(228 out of 265)


Zacks Sector Rank
 Top 6% (1  out of 16) 



Style Scores

NA Value | NA Growth | NA Momentum | NA VGM




Earnings ESP


0.00%



Research Report for ETFM

Snapshot





This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to get access to the Zacks Rank


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find companies that have recently seen positive earnings estimate revision activity. The idea is that more recent information is, generally speaking, more accurate and can be a better predictor of the future, which can give investors an advantage in earnings season.
The technique has proven to be very useful for finding positive surprises. In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time, while they also saw 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
    
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings


This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The three scores are based on the trading styles of Growth, Value, and Momentum.


Growth Score
A


Value Score
A


Momentum Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports

(  = Change in last 30 days) 
View All Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys





Premium Research: Industry Analysis



Top Peers
Symbol
Zacks Rank




2050 Motors, Inc.
ETFM
NA


Fox Factory Holding Corp.
FOXF



PACCAR Inc.
PCAR



Tesla Inc.
TSLA



Ford Motor Company
F



General Motors Company
GM



Harley-Davidson, Inc.
HOG




See all Automotive - Domestic Peers


 








Price and EPS Surprise Chart














1 Month
3 Months
YTD





Interactive Chart | Fundmental Chart



Billion Dollar Secret



Company Summary
2050 Motors, Inc. engages in selling carbon-fiber electric cars. The Company manufactures carbon-fiber parts and lithium ion batteries for automobiles distributed in the United States. 2050 Motors, Inc., formerly known as Zegarelli Group International, Inc., is based in United States.   

















 





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 








Capitol Buick GMC | San Jose, Bay Area Buick & GMC Dealer


















 










































 











 
        Saved Vehicles    


SAVED VEHICLES
You don't have any saved vehicles!
Look for this link on your favorites:
 Save
Once you've saved some vehicles, you can view them here at any time.
 












 909 Capitol Expressway Auto Mall - San Jose, CA 95136


SALES: (888) 753-3372


 Open Today! Sales: 9am-9pm 


















CarsAll Inventory
New Cars
Work Trucks
Pre-Owned
Certified Pre-Owned
Apply for Financing
Value Your Trade
SpecialsNo Brainer Deals®
Lease Specials
New Car Specials
Pre-Owned Specials
National Offers
Service Specials
Parts Specials
ServiceService Center
Schedule Service
Contact Service
Maintenance Menus
Body Shop
PartsParts Center
Order Parts
Contact Parts
Accessories
It’s a No BrainerNo Brainer Price®
No Brainer Deals®
No Brainer Guarantee®
CompanyAbout Us
Meet Our Team
Customer Testimonials
Leave Us A Review
Get Directions
CareersApply Online
#behappy  






 

Contact



 Own a Buick? Own a GMC? We're here to help.

 

















Capitol Buick GMC








 




View results 


























New Cars



 

All Models
Buick
GMC




Verano
Regal
LaCrosse
Encore
Envision


Enclave
Cascada
Canyon
Savana
Sierra 1500
Sierra 2500HD


Sierra 3500HD
Terrain
Acadia
Acadia Limited
Yukon


Yukon XL
View All




Verano
Regal
Lacrosse
Encore
Envision


Enclave
Cascada
View All Buick Vehicles




Canyon
Sierra 1500
Sierra 2500HD
Sierra 3500HD
Terrain


Acadia
Acadia Limited
Yukon
Yukon XL
Savana
View All GMC Vehicles




 

New Car Specials
Lease Specials
National Offers
Apply for Financing
Value Your Trade
 Contact


 Most Popular

Terrain
Regal
Canyon

 


 Own a Buick? Own a GMC? We're here to help.

 













Pre-Owned





Pre-Owned
Certified Pre-Owned
Pre-Owned Specials
Priced Under 10k
Value Your Trade
 Contact


Browse by Body Type:





 Cars






 Convertibles






 SUVs






 Vans and Trucks



Browse by Make:
AcuraAudiBuickCadillacChevroletChryslerDodgeFordGMCHondaHyundaiKiaMazdaMercedes-BenzNissanRAMToyotaVolkswagenView All



 Own a Buick? Own a GMC? We're here to help.

 













Service



 

Service
Parts





Service Center
Schedule Service


Service Specials
Maintenance Menus


Body Shop
Meet Our Team




MON-FRI
7:30 AM - 6:00 PM


SAT
7:30 AM - 6:00 PM


SUN
CLOSED




(888) 761-6997





 

About Us
Customer Testimonials
Leave Us A Review
Career Opportunities
Get Directions
 Contact Service


 Relax, we'll do the heavy lifting.

Spacious Waiting Areas
Starbucks® Coffee
Workstations & Wi-Fi




















No Brainer Deals



 



















WELCOME TO
CAPITOL BUICK GMC










 Search
				





 Browse
				





 Specials
				







 





TOP




MAKE YOU AND YOURRIGHT FOOT HAPPY.













Enclave





Encore





LaCrosse





Regal





Verano





Cascada





Acadia





Canyon





Savana





Sierra 1500





Sierra 2500HD





Sierra 3500HD





Terrain





Yukon





Yukon XL




BROWSE ALL
or select a model above









EVERYCAR
PRICEDUP FRONT


Featuring
No Brainer Price®





				No Brainer Price® is based on the Kelley Blue Book® Price Advisor
			

See it in Action









AWARDWINNING
PARTS&SERVICETEAM


Featuring
Certified Technicians & Parts








				Everything from tire pressure to engine overhauls.
			

Schedule
Service Center












WHYSHOULDYOU
BE HAPPY?


Since 2011
Over 100,000 happy car buyers.





				There are many reasons to be happy. Here are just a few.


Have you seen it?



 






OURCOMMITMENT
TO YOU


Featuring
Project 100®





				100% happiness to 100% of our customers - 100% of the time.
			

Watch now



 






FAMILYOWNED
ANDOPERATED


For Over
40 Years





				One Of The Bay Area's Largest Family Owned Automotive Group.
			

Our Company



 













NOBRAINERGUARANTEE.
STANDARD.


Don't worry
We've got you covered.








				Car buying confidence. Now guaranteed.
			

What's included



 





New Car
No Brainer Guarantee®












No Brainer Price®
Buy with confidence. All No Brainer Prices based on the Kelley Blue Book® Price Advisor.









24-Hour Returns
We offer 24-Hour returns! You never have to worry about buying any of our vehicles and not being 100% satisified. See dealer for details.











Kelley Blue Book® Price Advisor
Prices based on the Kelley Blue Book® Price Advisor! Updated weekly with the latest information, the Kelley Blue Book® Fair Market Range helps you buy with confidence!









Commission FreeProduct Specialists
A team of product enthusiasts dedicated to making your next car purchase fun, exciting and enjoyable!





 





Pre-Owned*
No Brainer Guarantee®












Not Happy? Bring it Back.
Rest assured with your pre-owned vehicle with our “3-Day/250-Mile Money Back Guarantee”.
Vehicle must be returned in same condition; reasonable wear and tear accepted. See dealer for details.









Limited Warranty. Unlimited Smiles.
Our “90-Day/3,000-Mile Warranty” on all of our pre-owned vehicles under 90,000 miles will give you that extra peace of mind.











124 Points of Happiness
Our factory-trained technicians perform a comprehensive “124 Point Inspection” on all pre-owned vehicles.









CARFAX? It’s a No Brainer!
A FREE CARFAX® Vehicle History Report comes with every pre-owned vehicle.






*Pre-Owned cars with less than 90,000 miles



 










IT'S
EASYMONEY.


Featuring
DGDG® Buy Center





				Get an instant offer with Kelley Blue Book® Instant Cash Offer.
			

Begin Now









COMPLETE
HAPPINESS


					At Capitol Buick GMC, we are 100% committed to every customer’s satisfaction, each and every time they work with us. That is why so many drive away happy and seek us out to satisfy any and all of their automotive needs.
				









NOWWHAT?










 

Search
Find the perfect Buick, GMC or pre-owned vehicle for you!
Don’t see what you’re looking for? Contact Us and we’ll be happy to help.









 

Directions
Get driving or public transportation directions to:
Capitol Buick GMC
909 Capitol Expressway Auto Mall, San Jose, CA 95136









 

Finance App
Applying for credit is easy. We work with over 100 banks and will do our best to find the right lender for you









 

Careers
Like smiling on the job?
Apply online today and become part of a first-class team. We’ve been named a Bay Area Top Workplace for 6 consecutive years!









 

Leave a Review
Are you a happy car buyer?
We would love to hear about your experience on our Yelp page.









 

Get Social
Connect with us and stay up to date with your favorite vehicle brands and more : )
 















×



View results 











×









×












Let us guide you to happiness.
			We are located at: 909 Capitol Expressway Auto Mall • San Jose, CA 95136		  



Get Directions








Capitol Buick GMC



Driving Directions





 





				DON’T MISS OUT ON A NO BRAINER DEAL® 






Click







×


First Name*Last Name*Email*

Zipcode**

I would like to receive email updates from DGDG or Capitol Buick GMC regarding No Brainer Deals®
Are you a robot?Referral IDBy submitting this form, I confirm that I have read and agree to DGDG.com's Privacy Policy, and consent to being contacted by one of our Product Specialists using any of the contact information I provided, via any means of communication based on the information provided, including but not limited to text and other means for which I may be charged a fee by my service provider. This consent is not required as a condition to purchase services or products.

  

















×



Dealership InfoPhone Numbers:

Main:(888) 753-3372



Sales:(888) 753-3372



Service:(888) 761-6997



Parts:(888) 718-6939

Sales Hours:Mon - Sat9:00 AM - 9:00 PMSun10:00 AM - 8:00 PMService Hours:Mon - Fri7:30 AM - 6:00 PMSat8:00 AM - 4:00 PMSunClosedParts Hours:Mon - Fri7:30 AM - 5:30 PMSat8:00 AM - 4:30 PMSunClosed 
 We Are Located At:
909 Capitol Expressway Auto Mall • San Jose, CA 95136
Get Directions Now!




Leave Us a Message

First Name*Last Name*Email*

Message*

Are you a robot?By submitting this form, I confirm that I have read and agree to DGDG.com's Privacy Policy, and consent to being contacted by one of our Product Specialists using any of the contact information I provided, via any means of communication based on the information provided, including but not limited to text and other means for which I may be charged a fee by my service provider. This consent is not required as a condition to purchase services or products.PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

  











 






×



Dealership InfoPhone Numbers:

Main:(888) 753-3372



Sales:(888) 753-3372



Service:(888) 761-6997



Parts:(888) 718-6939

Sales Hours:Mon - Sat9:00 AM - 9:00 PMSun10:00 AM - 8:00 PMService Hours:Mon - Fri7:30 AM - 6:00 PMSat8:00 AM - 4:00 PMSunClosedParts Hours:Mon - Fri7:30 AM - 5:30 PMSat8:00 AM - 4:30 PMSunClosed 
 We Are Located At:
909 Capitol Expressway Auto Mall • San Jose, CA 95136
Get Directions Now!




Contact Service

First Name*Last Name*Email*

PhoneMessage*

Are you a robot?Referral IDBy submitting this form, I confirm that I have read and agree to DGDG.com's Privacy Policy, and consent to being contacted by one of our Product Specialists using any of the contact information I provided, via any means of communication based on the information provided, including but not limited to text and other means for which I may be charged a fee by my service provider. This consent is not required as a condition to purchase services or products.NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

  











 








Driven By DGDG®



Home
New Cars
Pre-Owned
Service
No Brainer Deals®
Contact
 



















					Copyright © 2017 Capitol Buick GMC				



					Advanced Automotive Dealer Websites by Dealer Inspire



Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Sitemap
Sitemap XML
 







	Search 

Find Your Vehicle
×



View results 






 



	Saved 

Saved Vehicles
×


SAVED VEHICLES
You don't have any saved vehicles!
Look for this link on your favorites:
 Save
Once you've saved some vehicles, you can view them here at any time.
 



	Share 

Share This
×

Choose How To Share:


 



	Contact 

Contact Us
×


Dealership InfoPhone Numbers:

Main:(888) 753-3372



Sales:(888) 753-3372



Service:(888) 761-6997



Parts:(888) 718-6939

Sales Hours:Mon - Sat9:00 AM - 9:00 PMSun10:00 AM - 8:00 PMService Hours:Mon - Fri7:30 AM - 6:00 PMSat8:00 AM - 4:00 PMSunClosedParts Hours:Mon - Fri7:30 AM - 5:30 PMSat8:00 AM - 4:30 PMSunClosed 
 We Are Located At:
909 Capitol Expressway Auto Mall • San Jose, CA 95136
Get Directions Now!


Leave Us a Message

First Name*Last Name*Email*

Message*

Are you a robot?By submitting this form, I confirm that I have read and agree to DGDG.com's Privacy Policy, and consent to being contacted by one of our Product Specialists using any of the contact information I provided, via any means of communication based on the information provided, including but not limited to text and other means for which I may be charged a fee by my service provider. This consent is not required as a condition to purchase services or products.NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.

  











 







×





Close


















































































Capitol Buick GMC




909 Capitol Expressway Auto Mall
San Jose,
            CA

        Phone: (888) 753-3372
http://maps.google.com/?q=909%20Capitol%20Expressway%20Auto%20Mall%2C%2C%20San%20Jose%2C%20CA%2095136
9:00 AM - 9:00 PM10:00 AM - 8:00 PM

Parts
Phone: (888) 718-6939

7:30 AM - 5:30 PM8:00 AM - 4:30 PM 

Sales
Phone: (888) 753-3372

9:00 AM - 9:00 PM10:00 AM - 8:00 PM 

Service
Phone: (888) 761-6997

7:30 AM - 6:00 PM8:00 AM - 4:00 PM 


 37.2761071 
 -121.8731436 



	[schema type="organization" orgtype="LocalBusiness" url="www.capitolbuickgmcsanjose.com" name="Capitol Buick GMC" description="" street="909 Capitol Expressway Auto Mall" city="San Jose" state="CA" postalcode="95136" country="United States" email="leads@capitolbuick.motosnap.com" phone="(888) 753-3372" logo="https://www.capitolbuickgmcsanjose.com/wp-content/themes/DealerInspireDealerTheme/images/logo.png"]


Capitol Buick GMC

Capitol Buick GMC

leads@capitolbuick.motosnap.com 
909 Capitol Expressway Auto Mall
San Jose, CA, 
		95136
United States

(888) 753-3372
https://www.capitolbuickgmcsanjose.com/wp-content/themes/DealerInspireDealerTheme/images/logo.png

Capitol Buick GMC	37.2761071,
	-121.8731436.






