


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Growth & Income Fund (PRGIX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Growth & Income Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRGIX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/24/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$28.37
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.01
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/24/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								13.43%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$25.13
							
							-
							
								$30.47
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$1,793.18

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Growth & Income Fund among 
1222,
1222,
1081
and 
798
Large Blend
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks long-term capital growth and current income primarily through investments in stocks.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					15.40%
				
			

				
					15.40%
				
			


3 Years

				
					10.01%
				
			

				
					10.01%
				
			


5 Years

				
					14.63%
				
			

				
					14.63%
				
			


10 Years

				
					7.12%
				
			

				
					7.12%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 9.94%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							9.94%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							December 21, 1982
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.67%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.67%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund





















404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now














































JPMorgan Growth and Income Fund - A - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar



JPMorgan Growth and Income Fund(VGRIX)A CIR2R5R6  Compare Funds 

Hypothetical Tool 




OverviewPerformanceFees & MinimumsPortfolioManagementDocuments 



	As of April 3, 2017, this fund's Select share class has been renamed to I. Please see the prospectus for more details.
  




Designed ToDesigned to provide long-term capital growth and dividend income primarily through a portfolio of attractively valued U.S. stocks.ApproachInvests in large-cap value companies, emphasizing those that are leaders within their sectorsInvests in a portfolio of companies with durable franchises, strong management and the ability to grow their intrinsic value per shareEmploys bottom-up stock selection based on company fundamentals and proprietary fundamental analysis










Overview widget loading ...







Performance
Performance widget loading ...



Fees and Minimums
Fees widget loading ...


Portfolio
Portfolio widget loading ...							
							


Management
Fund Managers 












 Jonathan  Simon Portfolio Manager







 Clare  Hart Portfolio Manager

Load More 



Documents 
Fund Literature

 

Fact Sheet: Growth and Income (A)







Load More 


 
Supplemental Information

 Product Guide



Supplemental Data Sheet - Growth & Income Fund




Quarterly Certified Holdings - JPMorgan Growth and Income Fund




Sales Charge / Dealer Concession Schedule




2016 JPMorgan Funds Capital Gains Distribution







Load More 



 
Regulatory Documents

 

Summary Prospectus




Prospectus




Annual Report




Semi Annual Report




Statement of Additional Information







Load More 




Disclaimer1Please refer to the prospectus for additional information about cut-off times. Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The Fund's adviser and/or its affiliates have contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses to the extent Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses (excluding acquired fund fees and expenses, dividend and interest expenses related to short sales, interest, taxes, expenses related to litigation and potential litigation and extraordinary expenses) exceed 1.04% for A Shares, 1.54% for C Shares, 0.79% for I Shares, 1.29% for R2 Shares, 0.59% for R5 Shares and 0.54% for R6 Shares of the average daily net assets. The Fund may invest in one or more money market funds advised by the adviser or its affiliates (affiliated money market funds). The Fund's adviser has contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses in an amount sufficient to offset the fees and expenses of the affiliated money market funds incurred by the Fund because of the Fund's investment in such money market funds. This waiver is in effect through 10/31/2017 for A Shares, 10/31/2017 for C Shares, 10/31/2017 for I Shares, 10/31/2017 for R2 Shares, 10/31/2017 for R5 Shares and 10/31/2017 for R6 Shares, at which time the adviser and/or its affiliates will determine whether to renew or revise it. The difference between net and gross fees includes all applicable fee waivers and expense reimbursements. The quoted performance of the Fund includes performance of a predecessor fund/share class prior to the Fund's commencement of operations. Please refer to the current prospectus for further information.  Mutual funds have fees that reduce their performance: indexes do not. You cannot invest directly in an index. The Russell 1000 Value Index is an unmanaged index measuring the performance of those Russell 1000 companies with lower price-to-book ratios and lower forecasted growth values. The performance of the Lipper Large-Cap Value Funds Index includes expenses associated with a mutual fund, such as investment management fees. These expenses are not identical to the expenses charged by the Fund. The performance of the Lipper Large-Cap Core Funds Index includes expenses associated with a mutual fund, such as investment management fees. These expenses are not identical to the expenses charged by the Fund. Total return figures (for the fund and any index quoted) assume payment of fees and reinvestment of dividends (after the highest applicable foreign withholding tax) and distributions. Without fee waivers, fund returns would have been lower. Due to rounding, some values may not total 100%. Â©2017, American Bankers Association, CUSIP Database provided by the Standard & Poor's CUSIP Service Bureau, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. All rights reserved.The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10- year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.Rankings do not take sales loads into account.The following risks could cause the fund to lose money or perform more poorly than other investments. For more complete risk information, see the prospectus. The prices of equity securities are sensitive to a wide range of factors, from economic to company-specific news, and can fluctuate rapidly and unpredictably, causing an investment to decrease in value.Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The top 10 holdings listed reflect only the Fund's long-term investments. Short-term investments are excluded. Holdings are subject to change. The holdings listed should not be considered recommendations to purchase or sell a particular security. Each individual security is calculated as a percentage of the aggregate market value of the securities held in the Fund and does not include the use of derivative positions, where applicable. P/E ratio: the number by which earnings per share is multiplied to estimate a stock's value.  P/B ratio: the relationship between a stock's price and the book value of that stock. Sharpe ratio measures the fund's excess return compared to a risk-free investment. The higher the Sharpe ratio, the better the returns relative to the risk taken. Tracking Error: The active risk of the portfolio, which determines the annualized standard deviation of the excess returns between the portfolio and the benchmark. Alpha: The relationship between the performance of the Fund and its beta over a three-year period of time. Standard deviation/Volatility: A statistical measure of the degree to which the Fund's returns have varied from its historical average. The higher the standard deviation, the wider the range of returns from its average and the greater the historical volatility. The standard deviation is calculated over a 36-month period based on Fund's monthly returns. The standard deviation shown is based on the Fund's Class A Shares or the oldest share class, where Class A Shares are not available. R2: The percentage of a Fund's movements that result from movements in the index ranging from 0 to 100. A Fund with an R2 of 100 means that 100 percent of the Fund's movement can completely be explained by movements in the Fund's external index benchmark. EPS: Total earnings divided by the number of shares outstanding. Risk measures are calculated based upon the Funds' broad-based index as stated in the prospectus.






Fixed Income Investments and Bonds - Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 













                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Fixed Income & Bonds
                                                        

                                           

			Fixed income investments generally pay a return on a fixed schedule, though the amount of the payments can vary. Individual bonds may be the best known type of fixed income security, but the category also includes bond funds, ETFs, CDs, and money market funds.
Open an Account














Are you paying too much for bonds somewhere else?




See why it can be better to buy your bonds here

												
												
													
														In a study conducted by Corporate Insight, our bond pricing beat markup-based brokers by an average of $13 per trade online. That could add up to a cost savings of hundreds of dollars on a typical bond order.2










Largest selection of bonds and CDs offered at a single firm





Individual Bonds


Bonds make interest payments and repay the principal on a fixed schedule. Interest and principal payments are subject to the creditworthiness of the issuer.






Bond Funds


Bond mutual funds invest primarily in individual bonds. Many make periodic dividend payments based on the interest paid by the bonds held in the fund.






Fixed Income ETFs


Exchange-traded funds (ETFs) are baskets of investments that trade as a single unit throughout the day.












Certificates of Deposit (CDs)


CDs offer FDIC insurance,3 providing a guarantee of the invested principal up to certain limits.






Money Market Funds


Money market funds are managed to help preserve your principal by investing in lower-risk debt securities with shorter maturities.




Deferred Fixed Annuities4

Deferred fixed annuities offer a guaranteed5 rate of return over a set time period, with tax deferral.




Other income offerings

Fixed Income Annuities
Structured Products
Managed Accounts
Other Income-Generating Products












Compare fixed income products


 






Why Buy Bonds & CDs at Fidelity?


Extensive bond & CD inventory
Transparent, simplified pricing: $1 per bond1
Bond market news and issuer research
Professional-grade tools and trading data
Expert service

Learn more

Fidelity Webinars
Evolve your investing strategy: sign up for live educational webinar notifications.



Research, tools, and education



Research fixed income & bonds


Stay up to date with news, market data, and research on fixed income investing and the bond market.
Fixed Income Tools & Services

Create a retirement income strategy, build a bond ladder, or stay on top of market updates.
Learn About Fixed Income & Bonds

Gain a deeper understanding of fixed income and bonds in the Fidelity Learning Center.
















Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center







Find a bond








CUSIP (New & Secondary)






Name (Secondary)




Name Secondary

Select Type
Agency/GSE
CDs
Corporate
Municipal



Search on CUSIP

Go



Not a Fidelity customer or guest? Get free Guest Access to try this and our other resources







Find CDs and rates



New issues




Secondary marketLog In Required







From our experts




										
										Q3 market update 





										
										Q3 market update 





										
										Manage your cash in retirement 



View all fixed income articles














1. Minimum concessions of $19.95 if traded with a Fidelity representative. For U.S Treasury purchases traded with a Fidelity representative, a flat charge of $19.95 per trade applies. A $250 maximum applies to all trades and is reduced to a $50 maximum for bonds maturing in one year or less. Fixed income trading requires a Fidelity brokerage account with a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Rates are for U.S. Dollar denominated bonds, additional fees and minimums apply for non-Dollar bond trades. Other conditions may apply. See Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Please note that concessions may impact the total cost of the transaction and the total, or "effective," yield of your investment. The offering broker, which may be our affiliate National Financial Services LLC, may separately mark up on mark down the price of the security and may realize a trading profit or loss on the transaction.


2. Fidelity commissioned Corporate Insight to study bond pricing, available online, for self-directed retail investors from five brokers that offer corporate and municipal bonds. The study compared online bond prices for over 20,000 municipal and corporate inventory matches between September 2nd and October 6th, 2015. It compared municipal and corporate inventories offered online in quantities of at least $10,000 face or par value. The study found on average that three competitors that bundled their markups or fees into their online bond prices were asking an average of $13.97 more per bond. Corporate Insight determined the average cost differential by calculating the difference between the costs of matching corporate and municipal bond inventory at Fidelity vs. these markup-based firms in the study, then averaging the differences across all of the competitor firms. Hypothetical cost savings of $286 is based on an average size order of $22,000 face or par value bonds and average cost differential of $13 per bond.


          3. For the purposes of FDIC insurance coverage limits, all depository assets of the accountholder at the institution that issued the CD will generally be counted toward the aggregate limit (usually $250,000) for each applicable category of account. FDIC insurance does not cover market losses. All of the new issue brokered CDs Fidelity offers are FDIC insured. In some cases, CDs may be purchased on the secondary market at a price that reflects a premium to their principal value. This premium is ineligible for FDIC insurance. For details on FDIC insurance limits, see www.fdic.gov.
	
    

          4. Fixed annuities available at Fidelity are issued by third-party insurance companies, which are not affiliated with any Fidelity Investments company. These products are distributed by Fidelity Insurance Agency, Inc., and, for certain products, Fidelity Brokerage Services, Member NYSE, SIPC . Some deferred fixed annuities have a market value adjustment (MVA), which generally applies if a client surrenders the contract or withdraws funds in excess of the free withdrawal amount before the end of the guarantee period. The amount the client receives will be adjusted based on interest rate conditions at that time.


Each individual's situation is unique and therefore seeking additional guidance from a tax advisor is suggested. Although deferred fixed annuities offer tax-deferral, if you are considering one to fund a qualified retirement plan or IRA, you should do so for the annuity's features and benefits other than tax deferral. In such cases, tax deferral is not an additional benefit of the deferred fixed annuity.
	
    

          5. A contract's financial guarantees are solely the responsibility of and are subject to the claims-paying ability of the issuing insurance company.


You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. An investment in a money market fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Before investing, always read a money market fund’s prospectus for policies specific to that fund.


          In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible. Any fixed income security sold or redeemed prior to maturity may be subject to loss.
	
    

High-yield/non-investment-grade bonds involve greater price volatility and risk of default than investment-grade bonds.


          ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.
	
    

          Fidelity makes certain new issue products available without a separate transaction fee. Fidelity may receive compensation from issuers for participating in the offering as a selling group member and/or underwriter. For representative assisted treasury auction orders, a $19.95 transaction fee applies.
	
    

Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.



625672.11.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 




Bond Funds - Bond Mutual Funds at Fidelity
















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Fixed Income & Bonds Overview














                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           

			Bond funds are professionally managed portfolios that invest in individual fixed income securities.
Open an Account




















 Reasons to consider bond funds 

Potential for capital preservation, depending on the fund
Income generation
Diversification for a potential hedge against stock market volatility
Liquidity

Funds are guided by a stated objective, generally focusing on a particular sector, such as corporate or Treasury bonds; a broad category, such as investment grade or high yield securities; or a specific time horizon, such as short-, intermediate-, or long-term bonds.
How Fidelity manages bond funds










Types of bond funds



Investment grade

Invest in high credit quality securities issued by the U.S. Treasury, U.S. government agencies, and U.S. corporations, as well as bonds backed by mortgages or other assets. Learn more about types of investment grade bond funds.
Research investment grade bond funds



Municipal

Invest in bonds issued by state governments and municipalities. While they tend to offer lower yields, the income they generate is generally free from federal income taxes.* Learn more about types of municipal bond funds.
Research municipal bond funds



High yield

Invest primarily in lower credit quality securities, including convertible securities. While these can potentially provide income and total returns higher than those offered by investment grade bond funds, they do have the potential for greater volatility and risk. Learn more about types of high yield bond funds.
Research high yield bond funds



Multisector

Invest in a mix of taxable bonds, including both high yield and investment grade securities issued by the U.S. and by foreign governments, as well as domestic and foreign corporations, giving investors the ability to create a diversified fixed income portfolio through a single fund. Learn more about multisector bond funds.
Research multisector bond funds



International & global

International bond funds invest in a range of taxable bonds issued by foreign governments and corporations. Global bond funds invest in bonds from around the world, including bonds issued by U.S. government agencies and corporations. Learn more about types of international and global bond funds.
Research international and global bond funds









Compare risks associated with different types of bond funds

 




Quick searches



Fund Picks from Fidelity®






Predefined screens for mutual funds








Additional resources



Income-Producing Funds in Fidelity Fund Picks®
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity bond index funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity high yield bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity international and global bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity taxable bond funds















Questions?


800-544-5372 
800-544-5372 

Chat with a representative






From our experts




										
										An alternative for cash? 





										
										Washington watch 





										
										Inflation risks may rise 





View all bond funds articles.






Mutual fund resources



Help finding funds




Fidelity Fund News & Analysis




Fidelity fund prices & documents



















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information.  Read it carefully.


          In general the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so avoiding losses caused by price volatility by holding them until maturity is not possible.


Foreign investments involve greater risks than U.S. investments, including political and economic risks and the risk of currency fluctuations.
	
    

High-yield/non-investment-grade bonds involve greater price volatility and risk of default than investment-grade bonds.


Investments in mortgage securities are subject to the risk that principal will be repaid prior to maturity.  As a result, when interest rates decline, gains may be reduced, and when interest rates rise, losses may be greater.


          * The municipal market can be affected by adverse tax, legislative or political changes and the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities. Income exempt from federal income tax may be subject to state or local tax. If a fund investor is resident in the state of issuance of the bonds held by the fund, interest dividends may also be exempt from state and local income taxes. All or a portion of the fund’s income may be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax. Income or fund distributions attributable to capital gains are usually subject to both state and federal income taxes. Generally, tax-exempt municipal securities are not appropriate holdings for tax advantaged accounts such as IRAs and 401(k)s.
	
    


607640.3.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 




Money Market Mutual Funds - Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Fixed Income & Bonds Overview














                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           

			A money market fund is a type of fixed income mutual fund that invests in debt securities that are characterized by their short maturities and minimal credit risk.
Open an Account




















For money market funds, income can be either taxable or tax exempt, depending on the types of securities in which the fund invests. These may include short-term U.S. Treasury securities, federal agency notes, Eurodollar deposits, repurchase agreements, certificates of deposit, corporate commercial paper; or obligations of states, cities, or other types of municipal agencies.
How Fidelity Manages Money Market Funds










Types of money market funds



U.S. Treasury and government money market1

Invest in U.S. Treasury and other taxable U.S. government securities.
Two funds are available for use as the non-core or core position in a retirement or non-retirement account:
Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund (SPAXX)
Fidelity® Treasury Fund (FZFXX)
Note: minimum investment requirements do not apply to core positions.
Daily pricing/yields for all Fidelity U.S. Treasury and government money market funds



Prime (general purpose) money market2

Invest in high‐quality, U.S. dollar‐denominated, short‐term taxable money market securities from government and private issuers, including corporations.
Fidelity offers two funds for use by institutional investors:
FIMM: Prime – Class I (FIDXX)
FIMM: Prime – IL Class (FIPXX)
Note: minimum initial investment is $1 million+
Daily pricing/yields for all Fidelity Prime (general purpose) money market funds



National municipal money market3

Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes, and in some cases the alternative minimum tax.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal money market funds



State municipal money market3

Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes and may be exempt from state income taxes depending on your state of residence.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal money market funds











Additional resources




What are money market funds?

Money market mutual fund regulatory developments















Questions?


800-544-5372 
800-544-5372 

Chat with a representative






From our experts




										
										Seek more yield on cash 





										
										Rising interest rates and you 





										
										4 ways to earn more on savings 





View all money market funds articles.






Mutual fund resources



Help finding funds




Fidelity Fund News & Analysis




Fidelity fund prices & documents



















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information.  Read it carefully.


          1.
	
	
	       
					
You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to money market funds and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


Fidelity’s government and U.S. Treasury money market funds will not impose a fee upon the sale of your shares, nor temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's weekly liquid assets fall below 30% of its total assets because of market conditions or other factors.


          2.
	
	
	       You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Because the share price of the fund will fluctuate, when you sell your shares they may be worth more or less than what you originally paid for them. The Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund’s liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          3.
	
	
	       You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund’s liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          The municipal market can be affected by adverse tax, legislative or political changes and the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities. Interest rate increases can cause the price of a money market security to decrease. Municipal funds normally seek to earn income and pay dividends that are expected to be exempt from federal income tax. If a fund investor is resident in the state of issuance of the bonds held by the fund, interest dividends may also be exempt from state and local income taxes. Such interest dividends may be subject to federal and/or state alternative minimum taxes. Certain funds normally seek to invest only in municipal securities generating income exempt from both federal income taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax; however, outcomes cannot be guaranteed, and the funds may sometimes generate income subject to these taxes. Fund shareholders may also receive taxable distributions attributable to a fund's sale of municipal bonds.


Generally, tax-exempt municipal securities are not appropriate holdings for tax advantaged accounts such as IRAs and 401(k)s.
	
    

          * Other fees and expenses applicable to continued investment are described in the fund's current prospectus.
	
    


607575.11.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









 

close

core position
the core position is automatically established when an account is opened and is used for processing cash transactions and holding uninvested cash in your account. when a security is sold or a deposit is received, the proceeds are deposited into the position; when a security is bought or a payment is made, cash in the core position is used to pay for the trade


 












 




Why Fidelity - Trading













































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 

























The Fidelity Advantage


Planning & Advice


Trading


Straightforward Pricing


Insights & Tools


Security & Protection







                
                
                The Fidelity Advantage

                
                
                Planning & Advice

                
                
                Trading

                
                
                Straightforward Pricing

                
                
                Insights & Tools

                    
                    
                
                Security & Protection


Go








Trades are just $4.95
We cut the price of online U.S. equity trades to give you more value. So whether you're trading in your investment or retirement account, you'll be trading with a clear advantage.
Open an Account













 



Get the most from every trade






Great value for trades

Pay just $4.951 for online U.S. equity trades, plus $0.65 per options contract. Get margin rates as low as 4.25%.2


Powerful tools & research

Fuel your ideas with research, educational insights, and cutting edge tools like Active Trader Pro®.


Broad choice of investments

Access a range of investments including stocks, options, ETFs, mutual funds, bonds, CDs, IPOs, and precious metals.














 
Fidelity
TD Ameritrade
Schwab
E*Trade




Price for online U.S. equity and option trades
$4.95
$6.95
$4.95
$6.95


Most commission-free ETFs available for purchase online from iShares®
70
47
0
0


Displays price improvement on your trades

--
--
--


Online options (per contract rate)
$0.65
$0.75
$0.65
$0.75


In-depth research from 20+ independent providers
Yes
No
No
No


Get stock ratings from top analysts in a single score

with Equity Summary Score by Thomson Reuters StarMine

--
--
--




Table compares pricing for retail investors.















Best Online Broker
2016, 2017





Best Overall Online Broker
5-time winner





Best Online Broker
2015, 2016 & 2017


Open an account









Get the Active Trader advantage
Access our exclusive suite of sophisticated tools, services, and resources to help you unlock your full trading potential. You’ll also get access to our cutting-edge desktop trading platforms.

Find out more









Tools that offer you real insights





Stock Screener
From desktop to phones, we've made it easier for you to find investments that match your criteria or easily access predefined third-party expert screens.

Try our Stock Screener





Stock Research Dashboard
Discover and validate investment opportunities though third party expert research and data visualizations tools, including fundamental and technical data, social trends, advanced charts and more.

Learn more about stock trading





Active Trader Pro®
Spot buying opportunities with interactive charting. Create potential profit & loss scenarios that help you know when to sell. Working directly from the charts, you can buy, sell, and place alerts.

Learn more about Active Trader Pro®








Investment choices to fit your strategy 
No matter what you are saving for, whether it's retirement or any other goals, we offer you a broad range of options to fit your needs. With low rates, powerful tools, and research, we'll help provide the edge you need to trade with confidence.







Stocks




We offer domestic and international stocks, Real Estate Investment Trusts, Initial Public Offerings, and more. Only $4.95 for U.S. equity trades online.








Options




We'll help you find, analyze, and implement options trades. Pay $4.95 per trade, plus $0.65 per contract online, and get margin rates as low as 4.25%. 







Bonds & CDs




40,000 new-issue and secondary market bonds and CDs, and 60,000 total offerings. $1 per bond pricing for online trades.











ETFs 


Buy 91 commission-free ETFs online from Fidelity and iShares®. Our diverse offering includes 11 Fidelity sector ETFs, 3 Fidelity bond ETFs and 6 Fidelity factor ETFs. 






Mutual Funds 


With 70 years of experience and over 200 million investors, we offer 10,000+ Fidelity and non-Fidelity mutual funds covering companies worldwide. 






Sector Funds 


Get targeted exposure to the stocks of companies in specific segments with the largest selection of actively managed sector funds in the industry. 











Get started
Open an Account


Learn more about
Planning & Advice

Straightforward Pricing












We're here to help

Help is here 24/7. Call us, chat with an Investment Professional, or visit an Investor Center.

Check out our FAQs






Call anytime:

800-343-3548



Chat with an Investment Professional



Find an Investor Center









Find out what others are saying about us






Ratings and Reviews

See how customers rate our accounts, products, and services.


Customer Stories

Read what customers have to say about their experiences with us.


Awards and Recognition

See what independent third-party reviewers think of our products and services.

















Free commission offer applies to online purchases of Fidelity ETFs and select iShares ETFs in a Fidelity brokerage account. Fidelity accounts may require minimum balances. The sale of ETFs is subject to an activity assessment fee (from $0.01 to $0.03 per $1,000 of principal). iShares ETFs and Fidelity ETFs are subject to a short-term trading fee by Fidelity if held less than 30 days.


          1.
	
	
	       $4.95 commission applies to online U.S. equity trades in a Fidelity retail account only for Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC retail clients. Certain accounts may require a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Sell orders are subject to an activity assessment fee (from $0.01 to $0.03 per $1,000 of principal). Other conditions may apply. See Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Employee equity compensation transactions and accounts managed by advisors or intermediaries through Fidelity Clearing and Custody Solutions are subject to different commission schedules.



Minimum concessions of $19.95 apply if traded with a Fidelity representative. For U.S. Treasury purchases traded with a Fidelity representative, a flat charge of $19.95 per trade applies. A $250 maximum applies to all trades, reduced to a $50 maximum for bonds maturing in one year or less. Fixed income trading requires a Fidelity brokerage account with a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Rates are for U.S. dollar–denominated bonds; additional fees and minimums apply for non-dollar bond trades. Other conditions may apply; see Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Please note that concessions may affect the total cost of the transaction and the total, or "effective," yield of your investment. The offering broker, which may be our affiliate National Financial Services LLC, may separately mark up or mark down the price of the security and may realize a trading profit or loss on the transaction.



          ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.
	
    

Options trading entails significant risk and is not appropriate for all investors. Certain complex options strategies carry additional risk. Before trading options, please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options . Supporting documentation for any claims, if applicable, will be furnished upon request.


          Commission comparison based on published website commission schedules for retail accounts, as of 03/13/2017, for E*Trade, Schwab and TD Ameritrade for online U.S. equity trades. For E*Trade: $6.95 per trade for 0 to 29 trades per quarter and $4.95 per trade for 30 or more trades per quarter. For TD Ameritrade: $6.95 per market or limit order trade for an unlimited amount of shares. For Schwab: $4.95 for up to 999,999 shares per trade, though orders of 10,000 or more shares or greater than $500,000 may be eligible for special pricing. Employee equity compensation transactions and accounts managed by advisors or intermediaries through Fidelity Clearing and Custody Solutions are subject to different commission schedules. Commissions are subject to change without notice. See each provider’s website for any additional information and restrictions.
	
    

          2. 4.25% rate available for debit balances over $1,000,000. Fidelity's current Base Margin Rate, effective since 6/16/2017, is 7.325%.
	
    

Barron's, March 20, 2017 and March 19, 2016 Online Broker Surveys. 2017: Fidelity was evaluated against 15 others and earned the top overall score of 35.6 out of a possible 40. The firm was also named best online broker for Long-Term Investing (shared with 2 others), Best for Novices (shared with 1 other), and Best for Investor Education (shared with 2 others). Fidelity was also ranked 1st in the following categories: Trading Experience & Technology (shared with 2 others), Mobile (shared with 1 other), Research Amenities, and Portfolio Analysis and Reports (shared with 2 others). 2016: Fidelity was evaluated against 15 others and earned the top overall score of 34.9 out of a possible 40.0. Fidelity was also named Best Online Broker for Long-Term Investing (shared with one other), Best for Novices (shared with one other), and Best for In-Person Service (shared with four others), and was ranked first in the following categories: trading technology; range of offerings (tied with one other firm); and customer service, education, and security. Overall ranking for both years based on unweighted ratings in the following categories: trading experience & technology; usability; mobile; range of offerings; research amenities; portfolio analysis and reports; customer service, education, and security; and costs.
	
    

Kiplinger’s magazine, August 2016. Online Broker Survey. Fidelity was ranked No. 1 overall out of seven online brokers. Results based on ratings in the following categories: Commissions and Fees, Breadth of Investment Choices, Tools, Research, Ease of Use, Mobile, and Advisory.


Investor's Business Daily® (IBD), January 2015, 2016 and 2017: Best Online Brokers Special Report. January 2015: Fidelity ranked in the top five in 9 out of 11 categories. Fidelity was named first in Research Tools, Investment Research, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, and Educational Resources. January 2016: Fidelity ranked in the top five in 10 out of 12 categories. Fidelity was named first in Trade Reliability, Research Tools, Investment Research, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, and Educational Resources. January 2017: Fidelity ranked in the top two in all 13 categories. Fidelity was named first in Research Tools, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, Investment Research, Educational Resources, and Planning Tools. Results in 2017 were based on having the highest Customer Experience Index within the categories composing the survey, as scored by more than 4,752 respondents in the survey conducted by Investor’s Business Daily’s polling partner, TechnoMetrica Market Intelligence. © Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved.
	
    

          Dynatrace 2016 Digital Experience Report: Best of the Web provides a comparative performance assessment for the largest companies across six major industries: banking, brokerage, insurance, media, retail, and travel. The report evaluates each company’s digital experience delivery throughout 2015. When Dynatrace used a trade quote to assess transaction performance and speed, Fidelity emerged as the clear leader across all industries. Fidelity beat the competition for brokerage website and mobile load time, availability, and consistency.
	
    

          Fidelity is 28.77 percent lower than TD Ameritrade’s $6.95 per market or limit order trade for an unlimited amount of shares and eTrade’s commission of $6.95 per trade for 0 to 29 trades per quarter.
	
    

          Advice refers to investment management services offered within our professionally managed accounts
	
    

This information is provided by Social Market Analytics, an unaffiliated third-party vendor that uses its own proprietary methodology to analyze data from public social media sites to provide information about specific stocks, and Fidelity has not validated the integrity of this data.


The Fidelity ETF Screener is a research tool provided to help self-directed investors evaluate these types of securities. The criteria and inputs entered are at the sole discretion of the user, and all screens or strategies with preselected criteria (including expert ones) are solely for the convenience of the user. Expert Screeners are provided by independent companies not affiliated with Fidelity. Information supplied or obtained from these Screeners is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell securities, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy or approach to screening or evaluating stocks, preferred securities, exchange-traded products, or closed-end funds. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use. Determine which securities are right for you based on your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation, and other individual factors, and reevaluate them on a periodic basis.


News, commentary, and research reports are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content. Fidelity makes no guarantees that the information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use.


          In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible. Any fixed income security sold or redeemed prior to maturity may be subject to loss.
	
    

There is an Options Regulatory Fee from $0.04 to $0.06 per contract, which applies to both option buy and sell transactions. The fee is subject to change.


Stock markets are volatile and can fluctuate significantly in response to company, industry, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments. Investing in stock involves risks, including the loss of principal.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


System availability and response times may be subject to market conditions.


Before investing in any mutual fund, consider the investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.



773792.20.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close





Retirement IRAs

Open a Rollover IRA






Open a Roth IRA










Open a Traditional IRA














Investing & Savings

Open a Brokerage Account






Open a Cash Management Account










Open Both Accounts

Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.








See All Accounts


















 

 









































Mutual Funds | American Funds

























       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  





























Mutual Funds










Our managed equity and fixed-income mutual funds are designed with a long-term focus. 










Mutual Funds
 

Since 1931, we’ve helped investors pursue long-term investment success.
We offer investment options to help investors meet their financial needs.
Our investment process combines individual accountability with teamwork. 


Learn about The Capital Advantage℠. 
            


















  








Investment Spectrum
Our funds offer a spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types.
Note: The mutual funds in American Funds Portfolio SeriesSM, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio SeriesSM and American Funds College Target Date Series® are not included in this chart.









Growth


Seeks to increase capital long term through growth-oriented companies.
 
 









EuroPacific Growth Fund®
The New Economy Fund®
New Perspective Fund®
AMCAP Fund®
The Growth Fund of America®
SMALLCAP World Fund®
New World Fund® 














Growth-and-Income




Seeks growth of capital and current income through dividend payers.  

 
 




Capital World Growth and Income Fund®
International Growth and Income Fund℠
American Mutual Fund®
Fundamental Investors®
The Investment Company of America®
Washington Mutual Investors Fund℠ 
American Funds Developing World Growth and Income Fund℠







Equity-Income


Seeks income and growth through a mix of dividend-paying stocks and bonds.
 
 





Capital Income Builder®
The Income Fund of America®





Balanced



Seeks long-term growth of capital, conservation of principal and current income through a mix of securities.                              



American Funds Global Balanced Fund℠ 
American Balanced Fund®









Taxable Bond


Seeks current income through various fixed-income securities.  

 
 





American High-Income Trust® 
American Funds Corporate Bond Fund℠
American Funds Emerging Markets Bond Fund℠
American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund℠
American Funds Strategic Bond Fund℠



Short-Term Bond Fund of America®
Intermediate Bond Fund of America®
U.S. Government Securities Fund®
American Funds Mortgage Fund®
The Bond Fund of America®
Capital World Bond Fund®





Tax-Exempt Bond


Seeks tax-exempt interest through municipal bonds.  
 
  




American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®
American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®
American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®
Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Fund of California®







Money Market


Seeks stability through highly liquid, short-term securities.  
 

 





American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund℠














Other Investment Options




 Portfolio Series 
 Target Date Retirement Series 
 College Target Date Series 
 










Other Resources




 Share Classes & Expenses 
 Compare Funds  
 Investment Calculator 
 


















  























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 













































Closex
 















































































































American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia                                                ®


















TAX-EXEMPT BOND FUNDS



The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia

				®  (TFVAX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2





 
                                PRINT
                            












SUMMARY
RETURNS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
RESOURCES

























Closed Fund: The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia Fund Class A was closed on June 17, 2016, and its assets were merged into The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America. Visit  The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America Fund Class A page for fund information.
        









High & Low Prices
		            







For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for TFVAX through --.
            

 TFVAX




 







Description




						Fund Objective
					

The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income exempt from regular federal and Virginia state income taxes. Its secondary objective is preservation of capital.					










Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/14/1986



 


						CUSIP
						
					
							02630C 20 6

						Fund Number
						
					
							25












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS















Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2016
			

















2007-2016
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2016








CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




01/29/16
02/01/16
$0.040286
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


02/29/16
03/01/16
$0.0390877
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.93


03/31/16
04/01/16
$0.0405419
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


04/29/16
05/02/16
$0.0407637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.01


05/31/16
06/01/16
$0.0409211
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.00


06/15/16
06/16/16
$0.0215362
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.11






2016 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.22313652


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.22313652




				 as of 6/17/16
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016




















Resources






            About Our Funds
        













Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
		



This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Thursday, August 14, 1986) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1986), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index
Lipper Virginia Municipal Debt Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the -32768.00% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Barclays Municipal Virginia Index did not exist prior to June 30, 1993. Therefore, results are measured from June 30, 1993, and are based on the corresponding value of the hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund on that date.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal: Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index is a market-value-weighted index that includes only investment-grade tax-exempt bonds that are issued from Virginia.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income




				Standard Deviation as of  (updated monthly). Annualized return as of  (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for TFVAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.



































































































































































American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia                                                ®


















TAX-EXEMPT BOND FUNDS



The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia

				®  (TFVAX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2





 
                                PRINT
                            












SUMMARY
RETURNS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
RESOURCES

























Closed Fund: The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia Fund Class A was closed on June 17, 2016, and its assets were merged into The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America. Visit  The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America Fund Class A page for fund information.
        









High & Low Prices
		            







For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for TFVAX through --.
            

 TFVAX




 







Description




						Fund Objective
					

The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income exempt from regular federal and Virginia state income taxes. Its secondary objective is preservation of capital.					










Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/14/1986



 


						CUSIP
						
					
							02630C 20 6

						Fund Number
						
					
							25












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS















Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2016
			

















2007-2016
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2016








CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




01/29/16
02/01/16
$0.040286
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


02/29/16
03/01/16
$0.0390877
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.93


03/31/16
04/01/16
$0.0405419
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


04/29/16
05/02/16
$0.0407637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.01


05/31/16
06/01/16
$0.0409211
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.00


06/15/16
06/16/16
$0.0215362
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.11






2016 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.22313652


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.22313652




				 as of 6/17/16
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016




















Resources






            About Our Funds
        













Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
		



This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Thursday, August 14, 1986) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1986), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index
Lipper Virginia Municipal Debt Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the -32768.00% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Barclays Municipal Virginia Index did not exist prior to June 30, 1993. Therefore, results are measured from June 30, 1993, and are based on the corresponding value of the hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund on that date.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal: Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index is a market-value-weighted index that includes only investment-grade tax-exempt bonds that are issued from Virginia.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income




				Standard Deviation as of  (updated monthly). Annualized return as of  (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for TFVAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.



































































































































































American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia                                                ®


















TAX-EXEMPT BOND FUNDS



The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia

				®  (TFVAX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2





 
                                PRINT
                            












SUMMARY
RETURNS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
RESOURCES

























Closed Fund: The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia Fund Class A was closed on June 17, 2016, and its assets were merged into The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America. Visit  The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America Fund Class A page for fund information.
        









High & Low Prices
		            







For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for TFVAX through --.
            

 TFVAX




 







Description




						Fund Objective
					

The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income exempt from regular federal and Virginia state income taxes. Its secondary objective is preservation of capital.					










Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/14/1986



 


						CUSIP
						
					
							02630C 20 6

						Fund Number
						
					
							25












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS















Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2016
			

















2007-2016
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2016








CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




01/29/16
02/01/16
$0.040286
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


02/29/16
03/01/16
$0.0390877
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.93


03/31/16
04/01/16
$0.0405419
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


04/29/16
05/02/16
$0.0407637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.01


05/31/16
06/01/16
$0.0409211
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.00


06/15/16
06/16/16
$0.0215362
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.11






2016 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.22313652


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.22313652




				 as of 6/17/16
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016




















Resources






            About Our Funds
        













Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
		



This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Thursday, August 14, 1986) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1986), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index
Lipper Virginia Municipal Debt Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the -32768.00% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Barclays Municipal Virginia Index did not exist prior to June 30, 1993. Therefore, results are measured from June 30, 1993, and are based on the corresponding value of the hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund on that date.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal: Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index is a market-value-weighted index that includes only investment-grade tax-exempt bonds that are issued from Virginia.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income




				Standard Deviation as of  (updated monthly). Annualized return as of  (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for TFVAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.



































































































































































American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia                                                ®


















TAX-EXEMPT BOND FUNDS



The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia

				®  (TFVAX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2





 
                                PRINT
                            












SUMMARY
RETURNS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
RESOURCES

























Closed Fund: The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia Fund Class A was closed on June 17, 2016, and its assets were merged into The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America. Visit  The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America Fund Class A page for fund information.
        









High & Low Prices
		            







For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for TFVAX through --.
            

 TFVAX




 







Description




						Fund Objective
					

The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income exempt from regular federal and Virginia state income taxes. Its secondary objective is preservation of capital.					










Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/14/1986



 


						CUSIP
						
					
							02630C 20 6

						Fund Number
						
					
							25












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS















Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2016
			

















2007-2016
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2016








CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




01/29/16
02/01/16
$0.040286
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


02/29/16
03/01/16
$0.0390877
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.93


03/31/16
04/01/16
$0.0405419
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


04/29/16
05/02/16
$0.0407637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.01


05/31/16
06/01/16
$0.0409211
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.00


06/15/16
06/16/16
$0.0215362
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.11






2016 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.22313652


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.22313652




				 as of 6/17/16
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016




















Resources






            About Our Funds
        













Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
		



This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Thursday, August 14, 1986) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1986), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index
Lipper Virginia Municipal Debt Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the -32768.00% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Barclays Municipal Virginia Index did not exist prior to June 30, 1993. Therefore, results are measured from June 30, 1993, and are based on the corresponding value of the hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund on that date.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal: Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index is a market-value-weighted index that includes only investment-grade tax-exempt bonds that are issued from Virginia.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income




				Standard Deviation as of  (updated monthly). Annualized return as of  (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for TFVAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.




















































































Mutual Funds: Growth & Income Fund | AB




































































  









  







KEEPING YOU AHEAD OF TOMORROW®








 




 



  












 
AB Relative Value Fund 
								 


									(Formerly Growth & Income Fund)
								








Daily Price
as of










share


Email


Twitter


Facebook


Google+


LinkedIn










 




overview


performance


peer comparison


holdings


characteristics


distribution




 

 

RISKS TO CONSIDER

Market Risk: The market values of the portfolio’s holdings rise and fall from day to day, so investments may lose value.
Foreign (Non-US) Risk: Non-US securities may be more volatile because of political, regulatory, market and economic uncertainties associated with such securities. Fluctuations in currency exchange rates may negatively affect the value of the investment or reduce returns. These risks are magnified in emerging or developing markets.
Sector/Industry Risk: Investing a substantial amount of assets in fewer economic sectors may be more volatile than more diversified strategies. Economic or market conditions affecting a particular sector could have a major impact on the portfolio’s value.
Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the Fund/Portfolio carefully before investing. For copies of our prospectus or summary prospectus, which contain this and other information, click here or contact your AB representative. Please read the prospectus and/or summary prospectus carefully before investing. 

AllianceBernstein Investments, Inc. (ABI) is the distributor of the AB family of mutual funds. ABI is a member of  FINRA  and is an affiliate of AllianceBernstein L.P., the manager of the funds.
AB mutual funds may be offered only to persons in the United States and by way of a prospectus. This website should not be considered a solicitation or offering of any investment products or services to investors residing outside of the United States. 
The [A/B] logo is a registered service mark of AllianceBernstein and AllianceBernstein® is a registered service mark used by permission of the owner, AllianceBernstein L.P.
Investment Products Offered: 
Are Not FDIC Insured | May Lose Value | Are Not Bank Guaranteed
Check the background of AllianceBernstein Investments, Inc. on FINRA’s BrokerCheck
 
















{{help_item.header}}
{{help_item.snippet}}




{{help_item.header}}
{{help_item.snippet}}






{{help_item.header}}
{{help_item.snippet}} 


























AB Growth and Income Fund, Inc. - AB Relative Value Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 8:13 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of AB Growth and Income Fund, Inc. - AB Relative Value Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
AB Growth and Income Fund, Inc. - AB Relative Value Fund is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by AllianceBernstein L.P. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in the value stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. It employs fundamental analysis by focusing on factors such as financial, company's ability to perform in the future, including earnings growth, prospective cash flows, dividend growth and growth in book value, intrinsic economic values, and their current stock prices to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the perfo...
AB Growth and Income Fund, Inc. - AB Relative Value Fund is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by AllianceBernstein L.P. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in the value stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. It employs fundamental analysis by focusing on factors such as financial, company's ability to perform in the future, including earnings growth, prospective cash flows, dividend growth and growth in book value, intrinsic economic values, and their current stock prices to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Russell 1000 Value Index. It conducts in-house research to create its portfolio. The fund was formerly known as AB Growth and Income Fund, Inc. - AB Growth and Income Fund. AB Growth and Income Fund, Inc. - AB Relative Value Fund was formed on July 1, 1932 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


1345 Avenue of the AmericasNew York, NY 10105United StatesFounded in 1932



Phone: 212 486 5800

Fax: 212-969-2293

www.alliancebernstein.com/abcom/Product_Center/3_Vehicle/MF/Equity/Core/Growth_and_Income.htm?sharec







Key Executives for AB Growth and Income Fund, Inc. - AB Relative Value Fund




Mr. Robert M. Keith


      	Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
      


Age: 56
        







Mr. Joseph J. Mantineo


      	Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Funds
      


Age: 58
        







Mr. Philip L. Kirstein


      	Senior Vice President and Independent Compliance Officer
      


Age: 71
        







Ms. Emilie D. Wrapp


      	Secretary
      


Age: 61
        







Mr. Stephen Woetzel


      	Controller
      


Age: 45
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact AB Growth and Income Fund, Inc. - AB Relative Value Fund, please visit www.alliancebernstein.com/abcom/Product_Center/3_Vehicle/MF/Equity/Core/Growth_and_Income.htm?sharec.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























AB Variable Products Series Fund, Inc. - AB VPS Growth and Income Portfolio: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 8:13 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of AB Variable Products Series Fund, Inc. - AB VPS Growth and Income Portfolio



Snapshot People




Company Overview
AB Variable Products Series Fund, Inc. - AB VPS Growth and Income Portfolio is an open-ended variable annuity equity mutual fund launched and managed by AllianceBernstein L.P. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in the value stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. It employs fundamental analysis with focus on factors such as fundamental and financial factors that bear on the company's ability to perform in the future, including earnings growth, prospective cash flows, dividend growth and growth in book value to create its portfolio. The fund benc...
AB Variable Products Series Fund, Inc. - AB VPS Growth and Income Portfolio is an open-ended variable annuity equity mutual fund launched and managed by AllianceBernstein L.P. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in the value stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. It employs fundamental analysis with focus on factors such as fundamental and financial factors that bear on the company's ability to perform in the future, including earnings growth, prospective cash flows, dividend growth and growth in book value to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Russell 1000 Value Index. It conducts in-house research to create its portfolio. The fund was formerly known as AllianceBernstein Variable Products Series Fund, Inc. - AllianceBernstein Growth and Income Portfolio. AB Variable Products Series Fund, Inc. - AB VPS Growth and Income Portfolio was formed on January 14, 1991 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


1345 Avenue of the AmericasNew York, NY 10105United StatesFounded in 1991



Phone: 212 486 5800

Fax: 212-969-2293

www.abglobal.com/abcom/product_center/3_vehicle/mf/vps/equity/VPS_Growth_and_Income.htm?t=overview







Key Executives for AB Variable Products Series Fund, Inc. - AB VPS Growth and Income Portfolio




Mr. W. Douglas Beck CFA


      	President
      


Age: 50
        







Mr. Joseph J. Mantineo


      	Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Funds
      


Age: 58
        







Mr. Paul C. Rissman Ph.D.


      	Senior Vice President
      


Age: 60
        







Mr. Mark Frederick Kemper


      	Vice President and Secretary
      


Age: 59
        







Mr. Brian David Singer CPA, CFA


      	Vice President
      


Age: 57
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact AB Variable Products Series Fund, Inc. - AB VPS Growth and Income Portfolio, please visit www.abglobal.com/abcom/product_center/3_vehicle/mf/vps/equity/VPS_Growth_and_Income.htm?t=overview.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























AB Relative Value Fund Class A (CABDX) Fund Performance and Returns








































Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 












AB Relative Value Fund Class A
 CABDX


Fund Family DataAdd to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PagePDF ReportData DefinitionData QuestionQuoteChartFund AnalysisPerformanceRatings & RiskManagementStewardshipPortfolioExpenseTaxPurchaseFilingsTotal ReturnsInvestor Returns










Collapsed View
Expanded View



Compare







Enter Tickers




Add








Add Benchmark


Morningstar Indices


U.S. Market TR



					Value
				



							U.S. Value TR
						



							Small Value TR
						



							Mid Value TR
						



							Large Value TR
						





					Core
				



							U.S. Core TR
						



							Small Core TR
						



							Mid Core TR
						



							Large Core TR
						





					Growth
				



							U.S. Growth TR
						



							Small Growth TR
						


Mid Growth TR


Large Growth TR





					U.S. Small Cap TR
				



					U.S. Mid Cap TR
				


U.S. Large Cap TR


Dividend Leaders TR


Wide Moat Focus 20 TR



					Information Sup. Sector TR
				


Manufacturing Sup. Sector TR


Service Sup. Sector TR





			US Indices
		



					DJ Industrial Avg. TR
				



					S&P 500 TR
				



					S&P MidCap 400 TR
				



					NASDAQ Composite TR
				



					Russell 2000 TR
				





			Canada
		



					S&P/TSX Composite TR
				



					S&P/TSX 60 PR
				



					S&P/TSX Venture Composite PR
				





			Europe
		


DJ Stoxx 50 TR EUR



					Euronext BEL 20 PR (BEL)
				



					Euronext Paris CAC 40 TR (FRA)
				



					FTSE 100 TR (GBR)
				



					FTSE 250 TR (GBR)
				



					FSE DAX TR (DEU)
				





			Asia
		



					Nikkei 225 PR (JPN)
				



					Shanghai SE Composite PR (CHN)
				



					CSI 300 CNY
				



					Hang Seng HSI PR HKD
				


S&P/ASX 200 TR





			South Africa
		



					FTSE/JSE All Share Capped TR ZAR
				



					FTSE/JSE Top 40 SWIX TR ZAR
				



					FTSE/JSE All Share SWIX TR ZAR
				



					FTSE/JSE Top 40 NR ZAR
				


FTSE/JSE All Africa Ex South Africa ZAR



					FTSE/JSE All Share TR ZAR
				



					FTSE/JSE SA Listed Property TR ZAR
				



					FTSE/JSE Small Cap TR ZAR
				


FTSE/JSE Financials&Indl TR ZAR


FTSE/JSE SA Industrials TR ZAR



					FTSE/JSE SA Resources TR ZAR
				





			Primary Prospectus Benchmark
		



					Russell 1000 Value TR USD
				





			Secondary Prospectus Benchmark
		



					N/A
				





			Analyst Assigned Benchmark
		



					Russell 1000 Value TR USD
				



 

Add Morningstar Category

Allocation--15% to 30% Equity
Allocation--30% to 50% Equity
Allocation--50% to 70% Equity
Allocation--70% to 85% Equity
Allocation--85%+ Equity
Bank Loan
Bear Market
China Region
Commodities Agriculture
Commodities Broad Basket
Commodities Energy
Commodities Industrial Metals
Commodities Precious Metals
Communications
Consumer Cyclical
Consumer Defensive
Convertibles
Corporate Bond
Diversified Emerging Mkts
Diversified Pacific/Asia
Emerging Markets Bond
Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond
Energy Limited Partnership
Equity Energy
Equity Precious Metals
Europe Stock
Financial
Foreign Large Blend
Foreign Large Growth
Foreign Large Value
Foreign Small/Mid Blend
Foreign Small/Mid Growth
Foreign Small/Mid Value
Global Real Estate
Health
High Yield Bond
High Yield Muni
India Equity
Industrials
Inflation-Protected Bond
Infrastructure
Intermediate Government
Intermediate-Term Bond
Japan Stock
Large Blend
Large Growth
Large Value
Latin America Stock
Leveraged Net Long
Long Government
Long-Short Credit
Long-Short Equity
Long-Term Bond
Managed Futures
Market Neutral
Mid-Cap Blend
Mid-Cap Growth
Mid-Cap Value
Miscellaneous Region
Miscellaneous Sector
Money Market - Tax-Free
Money Market - Taxable
Multialternative
Multicurrency
Multisector Bond
Muni California Intermediate
Muni California Long
Muni Florida
Muni Massachusetts
Muni Minnesota
Muni National Interm
Muni National Long
Muni National Short
Muni New Jersey
Muni New York Intermediate
Muni New York Long
Muni Ohio
Muni Pennsylvania
Muni Single State Interm
Muni Single State Long
Muni Single State Short
Natural Resources
Nontraditional Bond
Option Writing
Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stk
Preferred Stock
Real Estate
Short Government
Short-Term Bond
Single Currency
Small Blend
Small Growth
Small Value
Stable Value
Static Allocation--15% to 30% Equity
Static Allocation--30% to 50% Equity
Static Allocation--50% to 70% Equity
Static Allocation--70% to 85% Equity
Static Allocation--85%+ Equity
Static Intermediate Bond
Static Large Blend
Static Large Growth
Static Large Value
Static Mid-Cap Equity
Static Non US Equity
Static Short-Term Bond
Static Small-Cap Equity
Static US Government
Tactical Allocation
Target-Date 2000-2010
Target-Date 2015
Target-Date 2020
Target-Date 2025
Target-Date 2030
Target-Date 2035
Target-Date 2040
Target-Date 2045
Target-Date 2050
Target-Date 2055
Target-Date 2060+
Target-Date Retirement
Technology
Trading--Inverse Commodities
Trading--Inverse Debt
Trading--Inverse Equity
Trading--Leveraged Commodities
Trading--Leveraged Debt
Trading--Leveraged Equity
Trading--Miscellaneous
Ultrashort Bond
Utilities
Volatility
World Allocation
World Bond
World Large Stock
World Small/Mid Stock
 



Clear All

									Recent Securities & Benchmarks (max. active = 5)








Customize Interactive Chart
Growth of 10,000



 
 















							Trailing Total Returns
 CABDX



							Daily

							Monthly

							Quarterly



















Quarterly & Monthly Total Returns
 CABDX



							Quarterly

							Monthly










										S&P 500 index data: S&P 500 Copyright © 2017Currency is displayed in USD.
Italics indicate Extended Performance. Extended performance is an estimate based on the performance of the fund's oldest share class, adjusted for fees.
        			




							Trailing Investor Returns
 CABDX



							Monthly

							Quarterly






						Currency is displayed in USD.


 

  We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.












 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 










 







CABDX AB Relative Value A Fund CABDX Quote Price News

































Menu






Menu





Welcome!









Membership

About Morningstar >
Logout
Login
Subscribe
Register
Premium



Site Search



Search Symbols









Search The Site













































































Coming Soon: See a Preview of Our New Fund Quote Page















































Products & Performance | AB























































  









  







KEEPING YOU AHEAD OF TOMORROW®








 




 



  













				 
			


					Products & Performance
				



share


Email


Twitter


Facebook


Google+


LinkedIn



















								Mutual Fund
							




								Closed-end Fund
							


Managed Accounts


Variable Products Series









All
All


US Equity
US Equity


International/Global Equity

									International/Global
									Equity
								


Fixed Income
Fixed Income


Alternatives
Alternatives


Multi-Asset
Multi-Asset


Money Market
Money Market








All
All


US Equity
US Equity


International/Global Equity

									International/Global
									Equity
								


Fixed Income
Fixed Income







All
All



Equity
Equity


Fixed Income
Fixed Income


Multi-Asset
Multi-Asset





						 
					












Include Fund Details



									 
								








 


Daily Pricing & Yields


Month-End Performance



									Quarter-End Performance
								



									Morningstar Ratings
								


Lipper Rankings 



							 
						












											Morningstar Rankings 
as of 




1+ Ratings
2+ Ratings
3+ Ratings
4+ Rating
5+ Rating












											Lipper Rankings 
as of 









The performance shown represents past performance and does not guarantee future results. Current performance may be lower or higher than the performance information shown. The investment return and principal value of an investment in the Portfolio will fluctuate, so that shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Performance assumes reinvestment of distributions and does not account for taxes.
Performance for AB Sustainable Global Thematic Fund reflects a 4.33% increase in NAV on June 8, 2016 for all share classes as a result of the Fund recording a receivable on its books and records in connection with the distribution by the Alliance Fair Fund.   

Performance for AB Large Cap Growth Fund reflects a 0.38% increase in NAV on June 8, 2016 for all share classes as a result of the Fund recording a receivable on its books and records in connection with the distribution by the Alliance Fair Fund.   

Performance for AB Growth and Income Fund reflects a 0.18% increase in NAV on June 8, 2016 for all share classes as a result of the Fund recording a receivable on its books and records in connection with the distribution by the Alliance Fair Fund.   

Performance for AB Discovery Growth Fund reflects a 0.13% increase in NAV on June 8, 2016 for all share classes as a result of the Fund recording a receivable on its books and records in connection with the distribution by the Alliance Fair Fund.   

Performance for AB Growth Fund reflects a 0.22% increase in NAV on June 8, 2016 for all share classes as a result of the Fund recording a receivable on its books and records in connection with the distribution by the Alliance Fair Fund.   

Net Expense Ratio reflects the Adviser’s contractual waiver of a portion of its advisory fee and/or reimbursement of a portion of the Fund’s operating expenses.  This waiver and/or reimbursement extends through a particular date as specified in the Fund’s current prospectus, and may be further extended or terminated by the Adviser as set forth in the prospectus.  Absent waivers and/or reimbursements, performance would have been lower.


Performance for Classes R, K, I, Z and Advisor shares prior to the share class’ inception date is simulated based on the historical performance of the Class A shares, adjusted for typical estimated expenses. Please note the inception dates for the Funds. As of January 31, 2009, Class B shares are no longer available for purchase by new investors. For additional information, see the Fund’s current prospectus.

If applicable, please keep in mind that high, double-digit returns are highly unusual and cannot be sustained. Investors should also be aware that these returns were primarily achieved during favorable market conditions.
Fund returns are annualized for periods longer than one year. The NAV does not take into account any sales charges that may apply when shares are purchased or redeemed; if sales charges were reflected, the Fund’s quoted performance would be lower. Class A annualized returns with sales charge reflect the deduction of the maximum sales charge: 3.00% for municipal fixed income funds; 4.25% for all other funds. Prior to October 1, 2009 the maximum front-end sales charge for Class A shares of the municipal fixed income funds was 4.25%. If the Class A annualized returns for the municipal income funds reflected the deduction of the former maximum sales charge, their returns would be lower. Class B shares of Equity Funds and the Unconstrained Bond Fund are subject to a contingent deferred sales charge equal to 4% in year 1, 3% in year 2, 2% in year 3, and 1% in year 4 (or, for Fixed Income Funds, except Unconstrained Bond, 3% in year 1, 2% in year 2 and 1% in year 3). Class C shares of all Funds are subject to a 1-year, 1% contingent deferred sales charge. Returns for Advisor Class, Class R, Class K, Class Z, Class I and Class 2 are at NAV and carry no front-end or contingent deferred sales charges. Returns for Class R shares are without the imposition of a sales charge that would apply if shares were purchased outside of a group retirement plan.



The net asset value (NAV) price is the value of one share of the Portfolio as of the date listed. The NAV does not take into account any initial sales charges that may apply when shares are purchased or redemption charges when shares are sold; if these sales charges were reflected, the Portfolio's quoted performance would be lower. The NAV change is the change in value of one share of the Portfolio from the prior day's value.

Distribution yield is calculated on a 30-day rolling basis by annualizing the average of the dividends distributed over the most recent 30 day period, and dividing that figure by the current NAV. For the AB Bond Inflation Strategy Fund and the AB Municipal Bond Inflation Strategy Fund, distribution yield is calculated by annualizing the most recent monthly dividend distribution and dividing that figure by the current NAV. The distribution yield calculation does not include long-term or short-term capital gains distributions.
A Word About Risk: Because each Fund pursues its own unique investment objectives, each Fund has its own set of risks which are fully discussed in its prospectus. In order to achieve their investment objectives, some Funds may at times use certain types of investment derivatives, such as options, futures, forwards and swaps. These instruments involve risks different from, and in certain cases, greater than, the risks presented by more traditional investments. For Funds that can invest in foreign securities, which may include emerging markets securities, risks may be magnified due to changes in foreign exchange rates and the possibility of substantial volatility due to political and economic uncertainties in foreign countries. Portfolios that hold a smaller number of securities may be more volatile than more diversified portfolios. 
Funds that invest in small-cap and mid-cap stocks are often more volatile than large-cap stocks—smaller companies generally face higher risks due to their limited product lines, markets and financial resources. Funds that invest in real estate are subject to a variety of factors affecting the real estate market, such as economic conditions, mortgage rates and availability, which can cause the value of such investments to decline. REITs may have additional risks due to limited diversification and the impact of tax law changes.
Funds that invest in fixed income securities are subject to decreasing bond prices as interest rates rise and increasing bond prices as interest rates fall. The values of mortgage related securities and asset-backed securities are particularly sensitive to changes in interest rates due to prepayment risk. In addition, a bond’s credit rating reflects the issuer’s ability to make timely payments of interest or principal—the lower the rating, the higher the risk of default. If the issuer’s financial strength deteriorates, the issuer’s rating may be lowered and the bond’s value may decline. Funds that invest in debt securities issued by state or local governments may be subject to special political, legal, economic and market factors that can have a significant effect on the portfolio’s yield or value.
Lipper rankings are based on total returns at net asset value, without the imposition of a sales charge which would reduce total return figures.

Lipper averages represent the average returns of funds contained in the Lipper universe. Funds in the Lipper averages generally have similar investment objectives to the Funds, although some may have different investment policies. Investors can’t invest directly in indices or averages, and their returns don’t represent the performance of any AllianceBernstein mutual fund.
Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the Fund/Portfolio carefully before investing. For copies of our prospectus or summary prospectus, which contain this and other information, click here or contact your AB representative. Please read the prospectus and/or summary prospectus carefully before investing. 

AllianceBernstein Investments, Inc. (ABI) is the distributor of the AB family of mutual funds. ABI is a member of  FINRA  and is an affiliate of AllianceBernstein L.P., the manager of the funds.
AB mutual funds may be offered only to persons in the United States and by way of a prospectus. This website should not be considered a solicitation or offering of any investment products or services to investors residing outside of the United States. 


The annualized asset-based fees for each of the Education Strategies portfolios is based on each portfolio’s total estimated operating expenses plus a weighted average of the expense ratios of the mutual funds in which it invests. Each Education Strategies portfolio’s actual expenses may be higher or lower depending on its actual operating expenses, its allocation percentages among various mutual funds (for the Age-Based and Fixed Allocation portfolios), and the actual expenses of the underlying mutual funds, each of which is likely to change over time.

Portfolio returns are annualized for periods longer than one year.  The NAV does not take into account any initial sales charges that may apply when shares are purchased or redemption charges when shares are sold; if these sales charges were reflected, the Portfolio’s quoted performance would be lower.

If applicable, please keep in mind that high, double-digit returns are highly unusual and cannot be sustained. Investors should also be aware that these returns were primarily achieved during favorable market conditions.

Sales Charges: 1y, 3y, 5y, 10y and Since Inception returns include fees, expenses and reinvested distributions and payment of the maximum initial sales charge or contingent redemption charge. The maximum initial sales charge applicable to Alternative A (Class A) shares is 4.25%. The redemption charge applicable to Alternative B (Class B) shares varies according to the number of years from the time a contribution was made until its withdrawal as follows: year one, 4%; year two, 3%; year three, 2%; year four, 1%; year five or later, 0%. The redemption charge applicable to Alternative C (Class C) shares is 1% for the first year after a contribution is made. The maximum initial sales charge applicable to Alternative RZ (Class RZ) shares is 4.00%.

The performance for Class RI shares prior to 8/27/10, the share class’s inception date, reflects Class R share performance, adjusted for differences in total annual asset-based fees. The inception date for Class R shares is referenced in the table above.
If you are invested in an Age-Based Portfolio, please refer to the performance of the portfolio that corresponds with the beneficiary’s date of birth.

Special note: The share class designation for accounts established prior to February 8, 2002 as well as certain accounts established after February 8, 2002 has changed. These “old” A, B and C share classes have been renamed AX, BX and CX, respectively. Please refer to your most recent account statement or contact CollegeBoundfund at (888) 324-5057 to determine which class of shares you own.
Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of CollegeBoundfund carefully before investing. For a copy of the Program Description, which contains this and other information, click here, or call your financial representative or AB at (888) 324-5057. Please read the Program Description carefully before investing.

If you are not a Rhode Island resident or if you have taxable income in another state, please note that depending on the laws of your or your beneficiary’s home state, favorable state tax treatment or other benefits offered by such a home state for investing in 529 college savings plans may be available only for investments in the home state’s 529 plan. Any state-based benefit offered with respect to this plan should be one of many appropriately weighted factors to be considered before making an investment decision. Please consult your financial, tax or other adviser to learn more about how state-based benefits (including any limitations) would apply to your specific circumstances. You may also wish to contact your home state or another state’s 529 plan to learn more about its features, benefits and limitations before investing. Statements in this material concerning taxation are not offered as individual tax advice.

The investments in CollegeBoundfund are not guaranteed by the State of Rhode Island, the office of the General Treasurer of Rhode Island, the Rhode Island State Investment Commission (which oversees the investments of the assets of CollegeBoundfund), the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) or any instrumentality thereof. CollegeBoundfund is managed by AllianceBernstein L.P. and distributed by AllianceBernstein Investments, Inc., member FINRA.
Investors should consider many factors before deciding which 529 plan is most appropriate for their situation. Some of these include: the Plan’s investment options and the historical investment performance of these options, the Plan’s flexibility and features, the reputation and expertise of the Plan’s investment manager, Plan contribution limits and the federal and state tax benefits associated with an investment in the Plan. Some states, for example, offer favorable tax treatment and other benefits to their residents only if they invest in the state’s own qualified tuition program. Investors should consult with their financial and tax advisor before investing in any 529 plan or contact their state tax division for more information. 
AB mutual funds may be offered only to persons in the United States and by way of a prospectus. This website should not be considered a solicitation or offering of any investment products or services to investors residing outside of the United States. 


Net Expense Ratio reflects the Adviser’s contractual waiver of a portion of its advisory fee and/or reimbursement of a portion of the Fund’s operating expenses. This waiver and/or reimbursement extends through a particular date as specified in the Fund’s most recent Annual or Semi-Annual Shareholder Report. Absent waivers and/or reimbursements, performance would have been lower.

The Market Price is the price at which a Fund’s shares are traded on an exchange. Because a closed-end exchange-traded fund’s shares trade in the stock market based on investor demand, the fund may trade at a price higher or lower than its NAV. An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of the entire principal amount that you invest. Your investment in a Fund's shares represents an indirect investment in the securities owned by the Fund, substantially all of which are traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter markets. The value of these securities, like other market investments, may move up or down, sometimes unpredictably. Your exchange-traded shares at any point in time may be worth less than your original investment, even after taking into account the reinvestment of Fund dividends and distributions.


A Word About Risk: Because each Fund pursues its own unique investment objectives, each Fund has its own set of risks. Fixed income Funds invest principally in bonds and other fixed income securities, in order to achieve their investment objectives, the Funds may at times use certain types of investment derivatives, such as options, futures, forwards and swaps. These instruments involve risks different from, and in certain cases, greater than, the risks presented by investments that are more traditional. Funds may at times use financial leverage for investment purposes. Leverage tries to enhance investment returns by borrowing money or using other leverage tools—magnify both gains and losses, resulting in greater volatility. The Funds may use Auction Rate Preferred Stocks as well as TOBs, which result in leverage and therefore higher risk. For Funds that can invest in foreign securities, which may include emerging markets securities, risks may be magnified due to changes in foreign exchange rates and the possibility of substantial volatility due to political and economic uncertainties in foreign countries.




AllianceBernstein Investments, Inc. (ABI) is the distributor of the AB family of mutual funds. ABI is a member of  FINRA  and is an affiliate of AllianceBernstein L.P., the manager of the funds.



Net Expense Ratio reflects the Adviser’s contractual waiver of a portion of its advisory fee and/or reimbursement of a portion of the Fund’s operating expenses.  This waiver and/or reimbursement extends through a particular date as specified in the Fund’s current prospectus, and may be further extended or terminated by the Adviser as set forth in the prospectus.  Absent waivers and/or reimbursements, performance would have been lower.

If applicable, please keep in mind that high, double-digit returns are highly unusual and cannot be sustained. Investors should also be aware that these returns were primarily achieved during favorable market conditions.
IMPORTANT: The investment portfolios within AllianceBernstein Variable Products Series Fund, Inc. are not available for direct investment. These portfolios serve as the funding vehicles for variable life insurance and annuity contracts issued by insurance companies and other financial institutions. Please contact your financial advisor directly for more information.

Please consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. You can obtain variable life insurance and annuity contracts information (non-AllianceBernstein products), including our underlying portfolio prospectuses, which contains this and other information by contacting your Financial Advisor. Please read the prospectus carefully before you invest.

AllianceBernstein Investments, Inc. (ABI) is the distributor of the AB family of mutual funds. ABI is a member of FINRA and is an affiliate of AllianceBernstein L.P., the manager of the funds.
AB mutual funds may be offered only to persons in the United States and by way of a prospectus. This website should not be considered a solicitation or offering of any investment products or services to investors residing outside of the United States. 




 














SUBSCRIBE TO CONTEXT / THE AB BLOG










Sign Up 















Facebook


Twitter


LinkedIn


Connect with AB





















{{help_item.header}}
{{help_item.snippet}}




{{help_item.header}}
{{help_item.snippet}}






{{help_item.header}}
{{help_item.snippet}} 




















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Growth & Income Fund (PRGIX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Growth & Income Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRGIX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/24/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$28.37
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.01
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/24/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								13.43%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$25.13
							
							-
							
								$30.47
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$1,793.18

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Growth & Income Fund among 
1222,
1222,
1081
and 
798
Large Blend
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks long-term capital growth and current income primarily through investments in stocks.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					15.40%
				
			

				
					15.40%
				
			


3 Years

				
					10.01%
				
			

				
					10.01%
				
			


5 Years

				
					14.63%
				
			

				
					14.63%
				
			


10 Years

				
					7.12%
				
			

				
					7.12%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 9.94%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							9.94%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							December 21, 1982
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.67%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.67%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                





















JPMorgan Growth and Income Fund - A - J.P. Morgan Asset Management






For the best experience on this page, please enable JavaScript in your browser.
Need to know how to enable it? Go here.









CLOSE



My Collections


My ProfileContact Us



Skip to main content













Input search bar



JPMorgan Growth and Income Fund(VGRIX)A CIR2R5R6  Compare Funds 

Hypothetical Tool 




OverviewPerformanceFees & MinimumsPortfolioManagementDocuments 



	As of April 3, 2017, this fund's Select share class has been renamed to I. Please see the prospectus for more details.
  




Designed ToDesigned to provide long-term capital growth and dividend income primarily through a portfolio of attractively valued U.S. stocks.ApproachInvests in large-cap value companies, emphasizing those that are leaders within their sectorsInvests in a portfolio of companies with durable franchises, strong management and the ability to grow their intrinsic value per shareEmploys bottom-up stock selection based on company fundamentals and proprietary fundamental analysis










Overview widget loading ...







Performance
Performance widget loading ...



Fees and Minimums
Fees widget loading ...


Portfolio
Portfolio widget loading ...							
							


Management
Fund Managers 












 Jonathan  Simon Portfolio Manager







 Clare  Hart Portfolio Manager

Load More 



Documents 
Fund Literature

 

Fact Sheet: Growth and Income (A)







Load More 


 
Supplemental Information

 Product Guide



Supplemental Data Sheet - Growth & Income Fund




Quarterly Certified Holdings - JPMorgan Growth and Income Fund




Sales Charge / Dealer Concession Schedule




2016 JPMorgan Funds Capital Gains Distribution







Load More 



 
Regulatory Documents

 

Summary Prospectus




Prospectus




Annual Report




Semi Annual Report




Statement of Additional Information







Load More 




Disclaimer1Please refer to the prospectus for additional information about cut-off times. Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The Fund's adviser and/or its affiliates have contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses to the extent Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses (excluding acquired fund fees and expenses, dividend and interest expenses related to short sales, interest, taxes, expenses related to litigation and potential litigation and extraordinary expenses) exceed 1.04% for A Shares, 1.54% for C Shares, 0.79% for I Shares, 1.29% for R2 Shares, 0.59% for R5 Shares and 0.54% for R6 Shares of the average daily net assets. The Fund may invest in one or more money market funds advised by the adviser or its affiliates (affiliated money market funds). The Fund's adviser has contractually agreed to waive fees and/or reimburse expenses in an amount sufficient to offset the fees and expenses of the affiliated money market funds incurred by the Fund because of the Fund's investment in such money market funds. This waiver is in effect through 10/31/2017 for A Shares, 10/31/2017 for C Shares, 10/31/2017 for I Shares, 10/31/2017 for R2 Shares, 10/31/2017 for R5 Shares and 10/31/2017 for R6 Shares, at which time the adviser and/or its affiliates will determine whether to renew or revise it. The difference between net and gross fees includes all applicable fee waivers and expense reimbursements. The quoted performance of the Fund includes performance of a predecessor fund/share class prior to the Fund's commencement of operations. Please refer to the current prospectus for further information.  Mutual funds have fees that reduce their performance: indexes do not. You cannot invest directly in an index. The Russell 1000 Value Index is an unmanaged index measuring the performance of those Russell 1000 companies with lower price-to-book ratios and lower forecasted growth values. The performance of the Lipper Large-Cap Value Funds Index includes expenses associated with a mutual fund, such as investment management fees. These expenses are not identical to the expenses charged by the Fund. The performance of the Lipper Large-Cap Core Funds Index includes expenses associated with a mutual fund, such as investment management fees. These expenses are not identical to the expenses charged by the Fund. Total return figures (for the fund and any index quoted) assume payment of fees and reinvestment of dividends (after the highest applicable foreign withholding tax) and distributions. Without fee waivers, fund returns would have been lower. Due to rounding, some values may not total 100%. Â©2017, American Bankers Association, CUSIP Database provided by the Standard & Poor's CUSIP Service Bureau, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. All rights reserved.The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10- year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.Rankings do not take sales loads into account.The following risks could cause the fund to lose money or perform more poorly than other investments. For more complete risk information, see the prospectus. The prices of equity securities are sensitive to a wide range of factors, from economic to company-specific news, and can fluctuate rapidly and unpredictably, causing an investment to decrease in value.Total return assumes reinvestment of income. The top 10 holdings listed reflect only the Fund's long-term investments. Short-term investments are excluded. Holdings are subject to change. The holdings listed should not be considered recommendations to purchase or sell a particular security. Each individual security is calculated as a percentage of the aggregate market value of the securities held in the Fund and does not include the use of derivative positions, where applicable. P/E ratio: the number by which earnings per share is multiplied to estimate a stock's value.  P/B ratio: the relationship between a stock's price and the book value of that stock. Sharpe ratio measures the fund's excess return compared to a risk-free investment. The higher the Sharpe ratio, the better the returns relative to the risk taken. Tracking Error: The active risk of the portfolio, which determines the annualized standard deviation of the excess returns between the portfolio and the benchmark. Alpha: The relationship between the performance of the Fund and its beta over a three-year period of time. Standard deviation/Volatility: A statistical measure of the degree to which the Fund's returns have varied from its historical average. The higher the standard deviation, the wider the range of returns from its average and the greater the historical volatility. The standard deviation is calculated over a 36-month period based on Fund's monthly returns. The standard deviation shown is based on the Fund's Class A Shares or the oldest share class, where Class A Shares are not available. R2: The percentage of a Fund's movements that result from movements in the index ranging from 0 to 100. A Fund with an R2 of 100 means that 100 percent of the Fund's movement can completely be explained by movements in the Fund's external index benchmark. EPS: Total earnings divided by the number of shares outstanding. Risk measures are calculated based upon the Funds' broad-based index as stated in the prospectus.






Fixed Income Investments and Bonds - Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 













                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Fixed Income & Bonds
                                                        

                                           

			Fixed income investments generally pay a return on a fixed schedule, though the amount of the payments can vary. Individual bonds may be the best known type of fixed income security, but the category also includes bond funds, ETFs, CDs, and money market funds.
Open an Account














Are you paying too much for bonds somewhere else?




See why it can be better to buy your bonds here

												
												
													
														In a study conducted by Corporate Insight, our bond pricing beat markup-based brokers by an average of $13 per trade online. That could add up to a cost savings of hundreds of dollars on a typical bond order.2










Largest selection of bonds and CDs offered at a single firm





Individual Bonds


Bonds make interest payments and repay the principal on a fixed schedule. Interest and principal payments are subject to the creditworthiness of the issuer.






Bond Funds


Bond mutual funds invest primarily in individual bonds. Many make periodic dividend payments based on the interest paid by the bonds held in the fund.






Fixed Income ETFs


Exchange-traded funds (ETFs) are baskets of investments that trade as a single unit throughout the day.












Certificates of Deposit (CDs)


CDs offer FDIC insurance,3 providing a guarantee of the invested principal up to certain limits.






Money Market Funds


Money market funds are managed to help preserve your principal by investing in lower-risk debt securities with shorter maturities.




Deferred Fixed Annuities4

Deferred fixed annuities offer a guaranteed5 rate of return over a set time period, with tax deferral.




Other income offerings

Fixed Income Annuities
Structured Products
Managed Accounts
Other Income-Generating Products












Compare fixed income products


 






Why Buy Bonds & CDs at Fidelity?


Extensive bond & CD inventory
Transparent, simplified pricing: $1 per bond1
Bond market news and issuer research
Professional-grade tools and trading data
Expert service

Learn more

Fidelity Webinars
Evolve your investing strategy: sign up for live educational webinar notifications.



Research, tools, and education



Research fixed income & bonds


Stay up to date with news, market data, and research on fixed income investing and the bond market.
Fixed Income Tools & Services

Create a retirement income strategy, build a bond ladder, or stay on top of market updates.
Learn About Fixed Income & Bonds

Gain a deeper understanding of fixed income and bonds in the Fidelity Learning Center.
















Questions?


800-343-3548
800-343-3548

Chat with a representative


Find an Investor Center







Find a bond








CUSIP (New & Secondary)






Name (Secondary)




Name Secondary

Select Type
Agency/GSE
CDs
Corporate
Municipal



Search on CUSIP

Go



Not a Fidelity customer or guest? Get free Guest Access to try this and our other resources







Find CDs and rates



New issues




Secondary marketLog In Required







From our experts




										
										Q3 market update 





										
										Q3 market update 





										
										Manage your cash in retirement 



View all fixed income articles














1. Minimum concessions of $19.95 if traded with a Fidelity representative. For U.S Treasury purchases traded with a Fidelity representative, a flat charge of $19.95 per trade applies. A $250 maximum applies to all trades and is reduced to a $50 maximum for bonds maturing in one year or less. Fixed income trading requires a Fidelity brokerage account with a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Rates are for U.S. Dollar denominated bonds, additional fees and minimums apply for non-Dollar bond trades. Other conditions may apply. See Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Please note that concessions may impact the total cost of the transaction and the total, or "effective," yield of your investment. The offering broker, which may be our affiliate National Financial Services LLC, may separately mark up on mark down the price of the security and may realize a trading profit or loss on the transaction.


2. Fidelity commissioned Corporate Insight to study bond pricing, available online, for self-directed retail investors from five brokers that offer corporate and municipal bonds. The study compared online bond prices for over 20,000 municipal and corporate inventory matches between September 2nd and October 6th, 2015. It compared municipal and corporate inventories offered online in quantities of at least $10,000 face or par value. The study found on average that three competitors that bundled their markups or fees into their online bond prices were asking an average of $13.97 more per bond. Corporate Insight determined the average cost differential by calculating the difference between the costs of matching corporate and municipal bond inventory at Fidelity vs. these markup-based firms in the study, then averaging the differences across all of the competitor firms. Hypothetical cost savings of $286 is based on an average size order of $22,000 face or par value bonds and average cost differential of $13 per bond.


          3. For the purposes of FDIC insurance coverage limits, all depository assets of the accountholder at the institution that issued the CD will generally be counted toward the aggregate limit (usually $250,000) for each applicable category of account. FDIC insurance does not cover market losses. All of the new issue brokered CDs Fidelity offers are FDIC insured. In some cases, CDs may be purchased on the secondary market at a price that reflects a premium to their principal value. This premium is ineligible for FDIC insurance. For details on FDIC insurance limits, see www.fdic.gov.
	
    

          4. Fixed annuities available at Fidelity are issued by third-party insurance companies, which are not affiliated with any Fidelity Investments company. These products are distributed by Fidelity Insurance Agency, Inc., and, for certain products, Fidelity Brokerage Services, Member NYSE, SIPC . Some deferred fixed annuities have a market value adjustment (MVA), which generally applies if a client surrenders the contract or withdraws funds in excess of the free withdrawal amount before the end of the guarantee period. The amount the client receives will be adjusted based on interest rate conditions at that time.


Each individual's situation is unique and therefore seeking additional guidance from a tax advisor is suggested. Although deferred fixed annuities offer tax-deferral, if you are considering one to fund a qualified retirement plan or IRA, you should do so for the annuity's features and benefits other than tax deferral. In such cases, tax deferral is not an additional benefit of the deferred fixed annuity.
	
    

          5. A contract's financial guarantees are solely the responsibility of and are subject to the claims-paying ability of the issuing insurance company.


You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. An investment in a money market fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Before investing, always read a money market fund’s prospectus for policies specific to that fund.


          In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible. Any fixed income security sold or redeemed prior to maturity may be subject to loss.
	
    

High-yield/non-investment-grade bonds involve greater price volatility and risk of default than investment-grade bonds.


          ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.
	
    

          Fidelity makes certain new issue products available without a separate transaction fee. Fidelity may receive compensation from issuers for participating in the offering as a selling group member and/or underwriter. For representative assisted treasury auction orders, a $19.95 transaction fee applies.
	
    

Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.



625672.11.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 




Bond Funds - Bond Mutual Funds at Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Fixed Income & Bonds Overview














                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Bond Funds
                                                        

                                           

			Bond funds are professionally managed portfolios that invest in individual fixed income securities.
Open an Account




















 Reasons to consider bond funds 

Potential for capital preservation, depending on the fund
Income generation
Diversification for a potential hedge against stock market volatility
Liquidity

Funds are guided by a stated objective, generally focusing on a particular sector, such as corporate or Treasury bonds; a broad category, such as investment grade or high yield securities; or a specific time horizon, such as short-, intermediate-, or long-term bonds.
How Fidelity manages bond funds










Types of bond funds



Investment grade

Invest in high credit quality securities issued by the U.S. Treasury, U.S. government agencies, and U.S. corporations, as well as bonds backed by mortgages or other assets. Learn more about types of investment grade bond funds.
Research investment grade bond funds



Municipal

Invest in bonds issued by state governments and municipalities. While they tend to offer lower yields, the income they generate is generally free from federal income taxes.* Learn more about types of municipal bond funds.
Research municipal bond funds



High yield

Invest primarily in lower credit quality securities, including convertible securities. While these can potentially provide income and total returns higher than those offered by investment grade bond funds, they do have the potential for greater volatility and risk. Learn more about types of high yield bond funds.
Research high yield bond funds



Multisector

Invest in a mix of taxable bonds, including both high yield and investment grade securities issued by the U.S. and by foreign governments, as well as domestic and foreign corporations, giving investors the ability to create a diversified fixed income portfolio through a single fund. Learn more about multisector bond funds.
Research multisector bond funds



International & global

International bond funds invest in a range of taxable bonds issued by foreign governments and corporations. Global bond funds invest in bonds from around the world, including bonds issued by U.S. government agencies and corporations. Learn more about types of international and global bond funds.
Research international and global bond funds









Compare risks associated with different types of bond funds

 




Quick searches



Fund Picks from Fidelity®






Predefined screens for mutual funds








Additional resources



Income-Producing Funds in Fidelity Fund Picks®
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity bond index funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity high yield bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity international and global bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal bond funds
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity taxable bond funds















Questions?


800-544-5372 
800-544-5372 

Chat with a representative






From our experts




										
										An alternative for cash? 





										
										Washington watch 





										
										Inflation risks may rise 





View all bond funds articles.






Mutual fund resources



Help finding funds




Fidelity Fund News & Analysis




Fidelity fund prices & documents



















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information.  Read it carefully.


          In general the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so avoiding losses caused by price volatility by holding them until maturity is not possible.


Foreign investments involve greater risks than U.S. investments, including political and economic risks and the risk of currency fluctuations.
	
    

High-yield/non-investment-grade bonds involve greater price volatility and risk of default than investment-grade bonds.


Investments in mortgage securities are subject to the risk that principal will be repaid prior to maturity.  As a result, when interest rates decline, gains may be reduced, and when interest rates rise, losses may be greater.


          * The municipal market can be affected by adverse tax, legislative or political changes and the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities. Income exempt from federal income tax may be subject to state or local tax. If a fund investor is resident in the state of issuance of the bonds held by the fund, interest dividends may also be exempt from state and local income taxes. All or a portion of the fund’s income may be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax. Income or fund distributions attributable to capital gains are usually subject to both state and federal income taxes. Generally, tax-exempt municipal securities are not appropriate holdings for tax advantaged accounts such as IRAs and 401(k)s.
	
    


607640.3.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.

















 




Money Market Mutual Funds - Fidelity















































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+




Default text size A


Larger text size A


Largest text size A
 














Fixed Income & Bonds Overview














                                                        
                                                       
                                                           Money Market Funds
                                                        

                                           

			A money market fund is a type of fixed income mutual fund that invests in debt securities that are characterized by their short maturities and minimal credit risk.
Open an Account




















For money market funds, income can be either taxable or tax exempt, depending on the types of securities in which the fund invests. These may include short-term U.S. Treasury securities, federal agency notes, Eurodollar deposits, repurchase agreements, certificates of deposit, corporate commercial paper; or obligations of states, cities, or other types of municipal agencies.
How Fidelity Manages Money Market Funds










Types of money market funds



U.S. Treasury and government money market1

Invest in U.S. Treasury and other taxable U.S. government securities.
Two funds are available for use as the non-core or core position in a retirement or non-retirement account:
Fidelity® Government Money Market Fund (SPAXX)
Fidelity® Treasury Fund (FZFXX)
Note: minimum investment requirements do not apply to core positions.
Daily pricing/yields for all Fidelity U.S. Treasury and government money market funds



Prime (general purpose) money market2

Invest in high‐quality, U.S. dollar‐denominated, short‐term taxable money market securities from government and private issuers, including corporations.
Fidelity offers two funds for use by institutional investors:
FIMM: Prime – Class I (FIDXX)
FIMM: Prime – IL Class (FIPXX)
Note: minimum initial investment is $1 million+
Daily pricing/yields for all Fidelity Prime (general purpose) money market funds



National municipal money market3

Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes, and in some cases the alternative minimum tax.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity national municipal money market funds



State municipal money market3

Invest in high-quality, short-term municipal money market securities that are typically exempt from federal income taxes and may be exempt from state income taxes depending on your state of residence.
Daily pricing/yields for Fidelity state municipal money market funds











Additional resources




What are money market funds?

Money market mutual fund regulatory developments















Questions?


800-544-5372 
800-544-5372 

Chat with a representative






From our experts




										
										Seek more yield on cash 





										
										Rising interest rates and you 





										
										4 ways to earn more on savings 





View all money market funds articles.






Mutual fund resources



Help finding funds




Fidelity Fund News & Analysis




Fidelity fund prices & documents



















Before investing, consider the funds' investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information.  Read it carefully.


          1.
	
	
	       
					
You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to money market funds and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


Fidelity’s government and U.S. Treasury money market funds will not impose a fee upon the sale of your shares, nor temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the fund's weekly liquid assets fall below 30% of its total assets because of market conditions or other factors.


          2.
	
	
	       You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Because the share price of the fund will fluctuate, when you sell your shares they may be worth more or less than what you originally paid for them. The Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund’s liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          3.
	
	
	       You could lose money by investing in a money market fund. Although the fund seeks to preserve the value of your investment at $1.00 per share, it cannot guarantee it will do so. The Fund may impose a fee upon the sale of your shares or may temporarily suspend your ability to sell shares if the Fund’s liquidity falls below required minimums because of market conditions or other factors. An investment in the fund is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Fidelity Investments and its affiliates, the fund’s sponsor, have no legal obligation to provide financial support to the fund, and you should not expect that the sponsor will provide financial support to the fund at any time.


          The municipal market can be affected by adverse tax, legislative or political changes and the financial condition of the issuers of municipal securities. Interest rate increases can cause the price of a money market security to decrease. Municipal funds normally seek to earn income and pay dividends that are expected to be exempt from federal income tax. If a fund investor is resident in the state of issuance of the bonds held by the fund, interest dividends may also be exempt from state and local income taxes. Such interest dividends may be subject to federal and/or state alternative minimum taxes. Certain funds normally seek to invest only in municipal securities generating income exempt from both federal income taxes and the federal alternative minimum tax; however, outcomes cannot be guaranteed, and the funds may sometimes generate income subject to these taxes. Fund shareholders may also receive taxable distributions attributable to a fund's sale of municipal bonds.


Generally, tax-exempt municipal securities are not appropriate holdings for tax advantaged accounts such as IRAs and 401(k)s.
	
    

          * Other fees and expenses applicable to continued investment are described in the fund's current prospectus.
	
    


607575.11.0










Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









 

close

core position
the core position is automatically established when an account is opened and is used for processing cash transactions and holding uninvested cash in your account. when a security is sold or a deposit is received, the proceeds are deposited into the position; when a security is bought or a payment is made, cash in the core position is used to pay for the trade


 












 




Why Fidelity - Trading













































Print
 Email


Email








Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas)


Please enter a valid email address


Your email address

Please enter a valid email address


Message (Optional)








Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know. It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email. All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf. The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: "




Email




Your email has been sent.


Share


Share





Mutual Funds and Mutual Fund Investing - Fidelity Investments
Clicking a link will open a new window.

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Google+



 

























The Fidelity Advantage


Planning & Advice


Trading


Straightforward Pricing


Insights & Tools


Security & Protection







                
                
                The Fidelity Advantage

                
                
                Planning & Advice

                
                
                Trading

                
                
                Straightforward Pricing

                
                
                Insights & Tools

                    
                    
                
                Security & Protection


Go








Trades are just $4.95
We cut the price of online U.S. equity trades to give you more value. So whether you're trading in your investment or retirement account, you'll be trading with a clear advantage.
Open an Account













 



Get the most from every trade






Great value for trades

Pay just $4.951 for online U.S. equity trades, plus $0.65 per options contract. Get margin rates as low as 4.25%.2


Powerful tools & research

Fuel your ideas with research, educational insights, and cutting edge tools like Active Trader Pro®.


Broad choice of investments

Access a range of investments including stocks, options, ETFs, mutual funds, bonds, CDs, IPOs, and precious metals.














 
Fidelity
TD Ameritrade
Schwab
E*Trade




Price for online U.S. equity and option trades
$4.95
$6.95
$4.95
$6.95


Most commission-free ETFs available for purchase online from iShares®
70
47
0
0


Displays price improvement on your trades

--
--
--


Online options (per contract rate)
$0.65
$0.75
$0.65
$0.75


In-depth research from 20+ independent providers
Yes
No
No
No


Get stock ratings from top analysts in a single score

with Equity Summary Score by Thomson Reuters StarMine

--
--
--




Table compares pricing for retail investors.















Best Online Broker
2016, 2017





Best Overall Online Broker
5-time winner





Best Online Broker
2015, 2016 & 2017


Open an account









Get the Active Trader advantage
Access our exclusive suite of sophisticated tools, services, and resources to help you unlock your full trading potential. You’ll also get access to our cutting-edge desktop trading platforms.

Find out more









Tools that offer you real insights





Stock Screener
From desktop to phones, we've made it easier for you to find investments that match your criteria or easily access predefined third-party expert screens.

Try our Stock Screener





Stock Research Dashboard
Discover and validate investment opportunities though third party expert research and data visualizations tools, including fundamental and technical data, social trends, advanced charts and more.

Learn more about stock trading





Active Trader Pro®
Spot buying opportunities with interactive charting. Create potential profit & loss scenarios that help you know when to sell. Working directly from the charts, you can buy, sell, and place alerts.

Learn more about Active Trader Pro®








Investment choices to fit your strategy 
No matter what you are saving for, whether it's retirement or any other goals, we offer you a broad range of options to fit your needs. With low rates, powerful tools, and research, we'll help provide the edge you need to trade with confidence.







Stocks




We offer domestic and international stocks, Real Estate Investment Trusts, Initial Public Offerings, and more. Only $4.95 for U.S. equity trades online.








Options




We'll help you find, analyze, and implement options trades. Pay $4.95 per trade, plus $0.65 per contract online, and get margin rates as low as 4.25%. 







Bonds & CDs




40,000 new-issue and secondary market bonds and CDs, and 60,000 total offerings. $1 per bond pricing for online trades.











ETFs 


Buy 91 commission-free ETFs online from Fidelity and iShares®. Our diverse offering includes 11 Fidelity sector ETFs, 3 Fidelity bond ETFs and 6 Fidelity factor ETFs. 






Mutual Funds 


With 70 years of experience and over 200 million investors, we offer 10,000+ Fidelity and non-Fidelity mutual funds covering companies worldwide. 






Sector Funds 


Get targeted exposure to the stocks of companies in specific segments with the largest selection of actively managed sector funds in the industry. 











Get started
Open an Account


Learn more about
Planning & Advice

Straightforward Pricing












We're here to help

Help is here 24/7. Call us, chat with an Investment Professional, or visit an Investor Center.

Check out our FAQs






Call anytime:

800-343-3548



Chat with an Investment Professional



Find an Investor Center









Find out what others are saying about us






Ratings and Reviews

See how customers rate our accounts, products, and services.


Customer Stories

Read what customers have to say about their experiences with us.


Awards and Recognition

See what independent third-party reviewers think of our products and services.

















Free commission offer applies to online purchases of Fidelity ETFs and select iShares ETFs in a Fidelity brokerage account. Fidelity accounts may require minimum balances. The sale of ETFs is subject to an activity assessment fee (from $0.01 to $0.03 per $1,000 of principal). iShares ETFs and Fidelity ETFs are subject to a short-term trading fee by Fidelity if held less than 30 days.


          1.
	
	
	       $4.95 commission applies to online U.S. equity trades in a Fidelity retail account only for Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC retail clients. Certain accounts may require a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Sell orders are subject to an activity assessment fee (from $0.01 to $0.03 per $1,000 of principal). Other conditions may apply. See Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Employee equity compensation transactions and accounts managed by advisors or intermediaries through Fidelity Clearing and Custody Solutions are subject to different commission schedules.



Minimum concessions of $19.95 apply if traded with a Fidelity representative. For U.S. Treasury purchases traded with a Fidelity representative, a flat charge of $19.95 per trade applies. A $250 maximum applies to all trades, reduced to a $50 maximum for bonds maturing in one year or less. Fixed income trading requires a Fidelity brokerage account with a minimum opening balance of $2,500. Rates are for U.S. dollar–denominated bonds; additional fees and minimums apply for non-dollar bond trades. Other conditions may apply; see Fidelity.com/commissions for details. Please note that concessions may affect the total cost of the transaction and the total, or "effective," yield of your investment. The offering broker, which may be our affiliate National Financial Services LLC, may separately mark up or mark down the price of the security and may realize a trading profit or loss on the transaction.



          ETFs are subject to market fluctuation and the risks of their underlying investments. ETFs are subject to management fees and other expenses. Unlike mutual funds, ETF shares are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than their NAV, and are not individually redeemed from the fund.
	
    

Options trading entails significant risk and is not appropriate for all investors. Certain complex options strategies carry additional risk. Before trading options, please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options . Supporting documentation for any claims, if applicable, will be furnished upon request.


          Commission comparison based on published website commission schedules for retail accounts, as of 03/13/2017, for E*Trade, Schwab and TD Ameritrade for online U.S. equity trades. For E*Trade: $6.95 per trade for 0 to 29 trades per quarter and $4.95 per trade for 30 or more trades per quarter. For TD Ameritrade: $6.95 per market or limit order trade for an unlimited amount of shares. For Schwab: $4.95 for up to 999,999 shares per trade, though orders of 10,000 or more shares or greater than $500,000 may be eligible for special pricing. Employee equity compensation transactions and accounts managed by advisors or intermediaries through Fidelity Clearing and Custody Solutions are subject to different commission schedules. Commissions are subject to change without notice. See each provider’s website for any additional information and restrictions.
	
    

          2. 4.25% rate available for debit balances over $1,000,000. Fidelity's current Base Margin Rate, effective since 6/16/2017, is 7.325%.
	
    

Barron's, March 20, 2017 and March 19, 2016 Online Broker Surveys. 2017: Fidelity was evaluated against 15 others and earned the top overall score of 35.6 out of a possible 40. The firm was also named best online broker for Long-Term Investing (shared with 2 others), Best for Novices (shared with 1 other), and Best for Investor Education (shared with 2 others). Fidelity was also ranked 1st in the following categories: Trading Experience & Technology (shared with 2 others), Mobile (shared with 1 other), Research Amenities, and Portfolio Analysis and Reports (shared with 2 others). 2016: Fidelity was evaluated against 15 others and earned the top overall score of 34.9 out of a possible 40.0. Fidelity was also named Best Online Broker for Long-Term Investing (shared with one other), Best for Novices (shared with one other), and Best for In-Person Service (shared with four others), and was ranked first in the following categories: trading technology; range of offerings (tied with one other firm); and customer service, education, and security. Overall ranking for both years based on unweighted ratings in the following categories: trading experience & technology; usability; mobile; range of offerings; research amenities; portfolio analysis and reports; customer service, education, and security; and costs.
	
    

Kiplinger’s magazine, August 2016. Online Broker Survey. Fidelity was ranked No. 1 overall out of seven online brokers. Results based on ratings in the following categories: Commissions and Fees, Breadth of Investment Choices, Tools, Research, Ease of Use, Mobile, and Advisory.


Investor's Business Daily® (IBD), January 2015, 2016 and 2017: Best Online Brokers Special Report. January 2015: Fidelity ranked in the top five in 9 out of 11 categories. Fidelity was named first in Research Tools, Investment Research, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, and Educational Resources. January 2016: Fidelity ranked in the top five in 10 out of 12 categories. Fidelity was named first in Trade Reliability, Research Tools, Investment Research, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, and Educational Resources. January 2017: Fidelity ranked in the top two in all 13 categories. Fidelity was named first in Research Tools, Portfolio Analysis and Reports, Investment Research, Educational Resources, and Planning Tools. Results in 2017 were based on having the highest Customer Experience Index within the categories composing the survey, as scored by more than 4,752 respondents in the survey conducted by Investor’s Business Daily’s polling partner, TechnoMetrica Market Intelligence. © Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved.
	
    

          Dynatrace 2016 Digital Experience Report: Best of the Web provides a comparative performance assessment for the largest companies across six major industries: banking, brokerage, insurance, media, retail, and travel. The report evaluates each company’s digital experience delivery throughout 2015. When Dynatrace used a trade quote to assess transaction performance and speed, Fidelity emerged as the clear leader across all industries. Fidelity beat the competition for brokerage website and mobile load time, availability, and consistency.
	
    

          Fidelity is 28.77 percent lower than TD Ameritrade’s $6.95 per market or limit order trade for an unlimited amount of shares and eTrade’s commission of $6.95 per trade for 0 to 29 trades per quarter.
	
    

          Advice refers to investment management services offered within our professionally managed accounts
	
    

This information is provided by Social Market Analytics, an unaffiliated third-party vendor that uses its own proprietary methodology to analyze data from public social media sites to provide information about specific stocks, and Fidelity has not validated the integrity of this data.


The Fidelity ETF Screener is a research tool provided to help self-directed investors evaluate these types of securities. The criteria and inputs entered are at the sole discretion of the user, and all screens or strategies with preselected criteria (including expert ones) are solely for the convenience of the user. Expert Screeners are provided by independent companies not affiliated with Fidelity. Information supplied or obtained from these Screeners is for informational purposes only and should not be considered investment advice or guidance, an offer of or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell securities, or a recommendation or endorsement by Fidelity of any security or investment strategy. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy or approach to screening or evaluating stocks, preferred securities, exchange-traded products, or closed-end funds. Fidelity makes no guarantees that information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use. Determine which securities are right for you based on your investment objectives, risk tolerance, financial situation, and other individual factors, and reevaluate them on a periodic basis.


News, commentary, and research reports are from third-party sources unaffiliated with Fidelity. Fidelity does not endorse or adopt their content. Fidelity makes no guarantees that the information supplied is accurate, complete, or timely, and does not provide any warranties regarding results obtained from its use.


          In general, the bond market is volatile, and fixed income securities carry interest rate risk. (As interest rates rise, bond prices usually fall, and vice versa. This effect is usually more pronounced for longer-term securities.) Fixed income securities also carry inflation risk, liquidity risk, call risk, and credit and default risks for both issuers and counterparties. Unlike individual bonds, most bond funds do not have a maturity date, so holding them until maturity to avoid losses caused by price volatility is not possible. Any fixed income security sold or redeemed prior to maturity may be subject to loss.
	
    

There is an Options Regulatory Fee from $0.04 to $0.06 per contract, which applies to both option buy and sell transactions. The fee is subject to change.


Stock markets are volatile and can fluctuate significantly in response to company, industry, political, regulatory, market, or economic developments. Investing in stock involves risks, including the loss of principal.


Because of their narrow focus, sector investments tend to be more volatile than investments that diversify across many sectors and companies.


System availability and response times may be subject to market conditions.


Before investing in any mutual fund, consider the investment objectives, risks, charges, and expenses. Contact Fidelity for a prospectus or, if available, a summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.



773792.20.0











Mutual Funds


ETFs


Fixed Income


Bonds


CDs


Options

Active Trader Pro



Stocks


Online Trading


Annuities


Life Insurance & Long Term Care

Small Business Retirement Plans



IRAs


Retirement Products


Retirement Planning


529 Plans

FINRA's BrokerCheck
Guest Access






Stay Connected 




			                Locate an Investor Center by ZIP Code
					








							 
							   Please enter a valid ZIP code
							
						  












Facebook





Twitter





LinkedIn





Google+





YouTube





Fidelity Mobile®













Careers


News Releases


About Fidelity


International






Copyright 1998-2017 FMR LLC. All Rights Reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map

Accessibility

This is for persons in the U.S. only.









close





Retirement IRAs

Open a Rollover IRA






Open a Roth IRA










Open a Traditional IRA














Investing & Savings

Open a Brokerage Account






Open a Cash Management Account










Open Both Accounts

Open both a brokerage and cash management account to easily transfer and protect your funds.








See All Accounts


















 




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











International Growth Fund (OIGYX) | OppenheimerFunds





































OppenheimerFunds.com

×





















Spoof Access

















Investor Admin


Advisor Admin




×






OppenheimerFunds.com




United States


Financial Advisor







Select Your Role


Individual Investor


Financial Advisor


Private Client Group


Registered Investment Advisor


Institutional Investor


OFI Retirement Plan Sponsors


Non-U.S. Resident Advisor



CHANGE LOCATION:



United States






Change Your Location




Ireland





Luxembourg





United Kingdom





United States






CHANGE ROLE





×









Oppenheimer Funds




























International Equity



International Growth Fund


1





The Strategy typically invests in a mix of foreign growth stocks.





CLASS A: OIGAX                CUSIP: 68380L100


CLASS B: IGRWX                CUSIP: 68380L209


CLASS C: OIGCX                CUSIP: 68380L308


CLASS I: OIGIX                CUSIP: 68380L605


CLASS R: OIGNX                CUSIP: 68380L506


CLASS Y: OIGYX                CUSIP: 68380L407













Print




Morningstar Overall Rating








Rated 4 stars by Morningstar among
324 funds in the Foreign Large Growth
Category for the 3-, 5-, and 10- year periods ended 6/30/17,
based on risk-adjusted performance.















CHALLENGE PERCEPTIONS.


Expand



Close











CHALLENGE PERCEPTIONS.
Investors assume the middle class is shrinking. But Africa is a strong market for beverage producers and Asian consumers are helping luxury brands thrive.


THE REALITY
Investments that focus on rising mass affluence will benefit as half the world’s population becomes middle class by 2025.

Learn more about Challenge the Index

















Interested in Buying This Fund?

×













Find a consultant near you to get started








1st Discount Brokerage Inc
1st Global Capital Corp
A G Quintal Investment Company Inc
A P Securities Inc
A&A Securities LLC
Abacus Investments Inc
Abd Retirement Services Inc
ACA/Prudent Investors Planning Corp
Accelerated Capital Group
Access Financial Group Inc
Access Investments Inc
ACE Diversified Capital Inc
ACU Financial Services
ADP Broker-Dealer Inc
ADP Inc
Advanced Advisor Group LLC
Advanced Strategies Broker Dealer LLC
Advisors Clearing Network Inc
Advisory Group Equity Services
Aegis Capital Corp
Aegis Investments Inc
AIG Life Insurance Co
Akar Capital Management Inc
Alamo Capital
Alerus Financial NA
Alexander Capital LP
Alexander Investment Services Co
Allegheny Investments Ltd
Allegiance Capital LLC
Allegis Investment Services LLC
Allen & Company of Florida Inc
Allen C Ewing & Co
Allen Mooney & Barnes Brokerage Svcs LLC
Alliance Advisory & Securities Inc
Alliant Securities Inc
Allianz Life Ins Co of North America
Allianz Life Insurance Co of Ny
Allstate Financial Services LLC
Allstate Life Insurance Co
Allstate Life Insurance Co of N
Alpine Bank & Trust Co
Amalgamated Bank of Chicago
America Northcoast Securities Inc
American Capital Partners LLC
American Century Investment Services Inc
American Enterprise Investment Services
American Equity Investment Corp
American Financial Assoc Inc
American Financial Securities Inc
American Funds & Trusts Inc
American General Annuity Insurance
American Heritage Securities Inc
American Independent Securities Grp LLC
American Investors Co
American Investors Group Inc
American Municipal Securities Inc
American Portfolios Financial Srvcs Inc
American Trust Investment Services Inc
American Wealth Management Inc
Ameriprise Financial Services Inc
Ameritas Investment Corp
Ameritas Life Insurance Corp
Ameritas Variable Life Insurance Company
Andrew Garrett Inc
Annuity Investors Life Insuranc
Anovest Financial Services Inc
Apex Clearing Corporation
Arete Wealth Management LLC
Arive Capital Markets
Arkadios Capital
Arlington Securities Inc
Arque Capital Ltd
Arvest Wealth Management
Ascensus Financial Services LLC
Ascensus Trust Company
Ashton Young Inc
Asia Pacific Financial Mgmt Group Inc
AssetMark Trust Company FBO AssetMark Inc
Associated Investment Svcs Inc
Atlantic Securities Inc
Ausdal Financial Partners Inc
Avalon Investment & Sec Group
Aventura Securities LLC
Avisen Securities Inc
Avondale Partners LLC
AXA Advisors LLC
B B Graham & Company Inc
B C Ziegler and Company
Baird Patrick & Co Inc
Ballew Investments Inc
BancorpSouth Trust Department
BancWest Investment Services Inc
Bank & Trust Company
Bank Fund Equities Inc
Bank of Ann Arbor
Bankers & Investors Co
Bankers Life Securities Inc
Bankoh Investment Services Inc
Barclays Capital Inc
Barrett & Company The Wilcox Bldg
Bates Securities Inc
BB&T Institutional Services
BB&T Investment Services Inc
BB&T Securities, LLC
BBVA Securities Inc
BCG Securities Inc
Beaconsfield Financial Services Inc
Bel Air Securities LLC
Benefit Trust Company
Benjamin F Edwards & Co Inc
Benjamin Securities Inc
Bernard Herold & Co Inc
Berthel Fisher & Co Financial Svcs Inc
BestVest Investments Ltd
BFT Financial Group LLC
Bill Few Securities Inc
Bill Parker Agency
Biondo Asset Management LLC
Black Oak Securities Inc
Blakeslee and Blakeslee Inc
Bley Investments Group Inc
BMO Harris Bank NA
BMO Harris Financial Advisors Inc
BNP Paribas New York Branch
BNP Paribas Securities Corp
BNY Mellon Capital Markets LLC
BNY Mellon Investment Servicing Trust Co
BNY Mellon N A
Bodell Overcash Anderson & Co Inc
Boenning & Scattergood Inc
Bok Financial Securities Inc
Bolton Global Capital
Bolton Securities Corporation
Boston Financial Data Svcs
BPU Investment Mgmt Inc
Brandon Investments Inc
Brazos Securities Inc
Brighton Securities Corp
Bristol Financial Services Inc
Broker Dealer Financial Service Corp
BrokerageSelect
Brokers International Fncl Services LLC
Bronfman E L Rothschild Capital LLC
Brooklight Place Securities Inc
Brown Brothers Harriman & Co
Brown Lisle/Cummings Inc
Bryan Funding Inc
BTS Securities Corp
Buck Kwasha Securities LLC
Buckman Buckman & Reid Inc
Buckram Securities Ltd
Buell Securities Corp
Burke Lawton Brewer & Burke LLC
Buttonwood Partners Inc
C A Botzum & Co
C R Davis & Company
Cabot Lodge Securities LLC
Cadaret Grant & Co Inc
Caldwell Securities Inc
Caldwell Trust Company
Callaway Financial Services Inc
Calton & Associates Inc
Cambridge Investment Research Inc
Camden Financial Services
Cantella & Co Inc
Cantone Research Inc
Cape Securities Inc
Capfinancial Securities LLC
Capital City Securities LLC
Capital Directions Inc
Capital Financial Services Inc
Capital Investment Brokerage In
Capital Investment Group Inc
Capital Management Securities Inc
Capital One Investing LLC
Capital Portfolio Management Inc
Capital Research Brokerage Services LLC
Capital Synergy Partners
Capitol Securities Management Inc
Cardinal Investments Inc
Carl M Hennig Inc
Carolinas Investment Consulting LLC
Carter Terry & Company Inc
Cary Street Partners LLC
Cascade Financial Management Inc
Cascade Investment Group Inc
CBIZ Financial Solutions Inc
Celadon Financial Group LLC
Centaurus Financial Inc
Centennial Securities Company Inc
Center Street Securities Inc
Ceros Financial Services Inc
Cetera Advisor Networks LLC
Cetera Advisors LLC
Cetera Financial Specialists LLC
Cetera Investment Services LLC
CFD Investments Inc
CFS Securities Inc
Chapin Davis
Charles Schwab & Co Inc
Charles Schwab Bank DBA Charles Schwab Tr
Chauner Securities Inc
Chelsea Financial Services
Church Gregory Adams Securities Corp
CIBC
CIG Securities Inc
Citi Direct
Citibank NA
Citigroup Global Markets Inc
Citizens Securities Inc
City National Bank
Clark Nobil & Co
Clary Investment & Ins Planning Corp
Classic LLC
Client One Securities LLC
Clinger & Co Inc
CMFG Life Insurance Company
CNA Investor Services Inc
CNS Securities LLC
Coastal Equities Inc
Coburn & Meredith Inc
Coldstream Securities Inc
Cole Taylor Bank
Colonial Securities Inc
Colorado Financial Service Corporation
Columbus Life Insurance Co
Comerica Bank
Comerica Securities
Comerica Securities Inc
Commerce Bank
Commerce Brokerage Services Inc
Commonwealth Annuity & Life Insurance Co
Commonwealth Financial Network
Community Bank NA
Communityamerica Fncl Solutions LLC
Compass Bank
Compass Securities Corporation
Comprehensive Asset Mgmt & Servicing Inc
Concorde Investment Services LLC
Conners & Co Inc
Conover Securities Corporation
Consolidated Financial Inv
Continental Investors Services Inc
Coombe Financial Services Inc
Cooper Malone McClain Inc
Coordinated Capital Securities Inc
CoreCap Investments Inc
Corinthian Partners LLC
Cornerstone Financial Services Inc
Correll Co Investment Services Corp
Cosse International Securities Inc
Coughlin & Company Inc
Country Club Financial Services Inc
Creative Investor Services Inc
Cresap Inc
Crescent Securities Group Inc
Crestone Securities LLC
Crews & Associates Inc
CRI Securities LLC
Crown Capital Securities LP
CSSC Brokerage Services Inc
CUNA Brokerage Services Inc
Curbstone Financial Management Corp
Curren & Company
CUSO Financial Services LP
Cutter & Company Inc
CW Securities LLC
D A Davidson & Co
D B McKenna & Co Inc
D H Hill Securities LLLP
D L Baker & Co Incorporated
D M Kelly & Company
Dabbah Securities Corp
Darwood Associates Incorporated
Davenport & Company LLC
David A Noyes & Company
David Lerner Associates Inc
DaVinci Capital Management Inc
Dawson James Securities Inc
Delaware Life Ins Co of Ny Annuity Se2
Delaware Life Insurance Company
Delaware Life Insurance Company of Ny
Dempsey Lord Smith LLC
DesPain Financial Corporation
Detalus Securities LLC
Deutsch Am Distributors Inc
Deutsche Bank Securities Inc
Devenir LLC
DFPG Investments Inc
Diamant Investment Corporation
Dinosaur Financial Group LLC
Diversified Resources LLC
Diversified Securities Incorporated
DMG Securities Inc
Dominion Investor Services Inc
Donegal Securities Inc
Dorn & Co Inc
Dorsey & Company Inc
Dougherty & Company LLC
DR Inc
Dst Market Services LLC
Duncan-Williams Inc
E E Powell & Company Inc
E*TRADE Clearing LLC
E-W Investments Inc
Eastern Point Securities Inc
Economy Securities Incorporated
Edward Jones
Ef Legacy Securities LLC
EK Riley Investments LLC
Empire Asset Management Co
Employee Benefits Investment Group Inc
Envoy Securities LLC
Equable Securities Corporation
EquiFinancial LLC
Equitable Life Assurance Scty of The US
Equity Services Inc
Essex Financial
Essex Securities LLC
Euro Pacific Capital Inc
Excel Securities & Associates Inc
Fairport Capital Inc
Family Investors Company
Family Management Securities LLC
Farmers Financial Solutions LLC
FAS Corp
FB Equity Sales Corporation of Michigan
Fbl Marketing Services LLC
FBT Investments Inc
FCG Advisors LLC
Federated Securities Inc
Feldman Ingardona & Co
Feldstein Financial Group LLC
Feltl & Company
Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC
Fidelity Investments Institutional Opera
Fiduciary Trust Company International
Fieldpoint Private Sec LLC
Fifth Third Securities Inc
FIMCO Securities Group Inc
Financial America Securities In
Financial Planning Consultants Inc
Financial Security Management Inc
Financial Services International Corp
Financial Telesis Inc
Financial West Group
Fintrust Brokerage Services LLC
First Allied Securities Inc
First American Trust FSB
First Asset Financial Inc
First Bankers' Banc Securities Inc
First Canterbury Securities Inc
First Capital Equities Ltd
First Citizens Investor Services Inc
First Command Financial Planning Inc
First Financial Equity Corporation
First Financial Sec of America Inc
First Georgetown Securities Inc
First Heartland Capital Inc
First Honolulu Securities Inc
First Kentucky Securities Corporation
First Liberties Financial
First Manhattan Co
First Midwest Bank
First National Bank of Brookfield
First National Bank of Omaha
First Natl Bank of Long Island
First Republic Securities Company LLC
First Research Financial
First Southeast Investor Services Inc
First State Financial Management Inc
First Tennessee Brokerage Inc
First Western Advisors
First Western Securities Inc
First-Citizens Bank & Trust Co
Fis Brokerage & Securities Services LLC
FMN Capital Corporation
FMSbonds Inc
FNBB Capital Markets LLC
Folger Nolan Fleming Douglas Inc
Folio Investments Inc
Fordham Financial Management In
Forest Securities Inc
Foresters Equity Services Inc
Foresters Financial Services Inc
Forethought Life Insurance Co
Fortune Financial Services Inc
Fortune Securities Inc
Founders Financial Securities LLC
Frederick & Company Inc
Freedom Investors Corp
Front Street Capital
Frost Bank
Frost Brokerage Services Inc
FSB Premier Wealth Management Inc
FSC Securities Corporation
Fund Investors Inc
G - W Brokerage Group Inc
G A Repple & Company
G L S & Associates Inc
G W Sherwold Associates Inc
Gage-Wiley & Co Inc
Galt Financial Group Inc
Garden State Securities Inc
Gardner Financial Services Inc
Gary Hoch Agency Inc
Gateway Financial Agency Corp
Geneos Wealth Management Inc
General Securities Corp
Genworth Life and Annuity Insurance Co
Genworth Life Insurance Co of New York
George K Baum & Company
George McKelvey Co Inc
Gerson Horowitz Green Securities Corp
Gerwin Group Inc
GF Investment Services LLC
Gill Capital Partners LLC
Girard Securities Inc
Gladowsky Capital Management Corp
Glen Eagle Wealth LLC
Glenbrook Life & Annuity Co
Glendale Securities Inc
Global Brokerage Services Inc
Globalink Securities Inc
GLP Investment Services LLC
Gold Coast Securities Inc
Goldman Sachs & Co LLC
Goldman Sachs Execution & Clearing LP
Googins Advisors Inc
Gould Ambroson & Associates Ltd
Gradient Securities LLC
Gramercy Securities Inc
Grant Williams LP
Great American Investors Inc
Great Nation Investment Corporation
Great West Financial Rps LLC
Great West Life & Annuity Insurance Co
Greenberg Financial Group
Greenbrier Diversified Inc
Greentree Investment Services Inc
Gregory J Schwartz & Co Inc
Griffinest Asia Securities LLC
Grodsky Associates Inc
Gw & Wade Asset Management Company LLC
GWFS Equities Inc
GWN Securities Inc
H Beck Inc
H C Denison Co
H D Vest Investment Securities Inc
Halliday Financial LLC
Hamilton Cavanaugh Investment Brkrs Inc
Hancock Investment Services Inc
Hand Benefits & Trust Co
Hand Securities Inc
Hanson McClain Securities
Hantz Financial Services Inc
Harbor Financial Services LLC
Harbor Investment Advisory LLC
Harbour Investments Inc
Harger and Company Inc
Harold Dance Investments
Hartford Life & Annuity Insurance Co
Hartford Life Insurance Co
Hartford Life Insurance Company
Hartford Securities Distribution Co Inc
Harvest Financial Corporation
Hazard & Siegel Inc
Hazlett Burt & Watson Inc
HBW Securities LLC
Healthcare Community Sec Corp
Hefren-Tillotson Inc
Heim, Young & Associates Inc
Henley & Company LLC
Hennion & Walsh Inc
Herbert J Sims & Co Inc
Heritage Financial Systems Inc
Herndon Plant Oakley Ltd
Hewitt Financial Services LLC
Highlander Capital Group Inc
Hightower Securities LLC
Hilltop Securities Inc
Hilltop Securities Independent Ntwrk Inc
Holloway & Associates Inc
Holly Street Securities
Horace Mann Investors Inc
Horan Securities Inc
Horizon Financial Investment Corporation
Hornor Townsend & Kent Inc
HSBC Bank USA NA
HSBC Securities USA Inc
Hub International Investment Svcs Inc
Huckin Financial Group Inc
Hudson Heritage Capital Management Inc
Hunter Associates LLC
Huntleigh Securities Corporatio
IBN Financial Services Inc
ICMA-RC Services LLC
IDB Capital Corp
Ifs Securities Inc
ILG Securities Corporation
IMS Securities Inc
Independence Capital Co Inc
Independent Financial Group LLC
Infinex Investments Inc
Infinity Financial Services
Ingalls & Snyder LLC
Innovation Partners LLC
Insight Securities Inc
Institutional Cash Distributors LLC
Institutional Securities Corporation
Integral Financial LLC
Integrated Financial Planning
Integrated Trading and Investments Inc
Integrity Brokerage Services Inc
Intercarolina Financial Service Inc
Intercontinental Asset Mngt Group Ltd
International Assets Advisory LLC
International Money Management Group Inc
International Research Securities Inc
Intervest International Equities Corp
Inverness Securities LLC
INVEST Financial Corporation
Investacorp Inc
Investment Architects Inc
Investment Centers of America Inc
Investment Network Inc
Investment Planners Inc
Investment Professionals Inc
Investment Security Corporation
Investments For You Inc
Investors Brokerage of Texas Lt
J A Glynn Investments LLC
J H Darbie & Co Inc
J J & M Geldzahler
J K Financial Services Inc
J K R & Company Inc
J P Morgan Chase Bank NA
J P Morgan Securities LLC
J W Korth & Company
Jack V Butterfield Investment Company
Jackson National Life Ins Co
Jacques Financial LLC
James I Black & Company
James T Borello & Co
Janney Montgomery Scott LLC
Jd Clark
JDL Securities Corporation
Jefferies LLC
Jefferson National Life Ins Co
Jefferson National Life Insurance Co
JJB Hilliard Wl Lyons LLC
John Hancock Life Insurance Co
John Hancock Life Insurance Co of Ny
John Hancock Life Insurance Co USA For 12b1 Payments Only
John Hancock Trust Company LLC
Johnson Securities Inc
JRL Capital Corporation
JRM Securities
Judge & Associates Inc
Jw Cole Financial Inc
K W Chambers & Co
Kalos Capital Inc
KCD Financial Inc
KCG Securities LLC
Keel Point Capital LLC
Kenneth Jerome & Co Inc
Kensington Capital Corp
Kercheville & Company Inc
Kestra Investment Services LLC
Kevin Hart Kornfield & Company Inc
Key Bank
Key Bank NA
Key Investment Services LLC
Kingsbury Capital Inc
KJM Securities Inc
KMS Financial Services Inc
Koehler Financial LLC
Kovack Securities Inc
Kovitz Securities LLC
Kuykendall & Schneider Inc
KW Securities Corporation
L B Fisher & Company
L M Kohn & Company
L O Thomas & Co Inc
LaBrunerie Financial Services Inc
Ladenburg Thalmann & Co Inc
Landaas & Company
Landolt Securities Inc
Lantern Investments Inc
Lara May & Associates LLC
Larimer Capital Corporation
Larson Financial Securities LLC
Lasalle St Securities LLC
Lebenthal & Co LLC
Leerink Partners LLC
Legacy Asset Securities Inc
Leigh Baldwin & Co LLC
Lenox Financial Services Inc
Lesko Securities Inc
Leumi Investment Services Inc
Lewis Financial Group Lc
Liberty Group LLC
Liberty Partners Financial Services LLC
Lieblong & Associates Inc
LifeMark Securities Corp
Lincoln Benefit Life Co
Lincoln Douglas Investments LLC
Lincoln Financial Advisors Corp
Lincoln Financial Securities Corp
Lincoln Investment Planning LLC
Lincoln Life & Annuity Company of NY
Lincoln National Life Insurance Company
Lion Street Financial LLC
Lockton Financial Advisors LLC
Lombard Securities Incorporated
Long Island Financial Group Inc
Loria Financial Group LLC
Loring Ward Securities Inc
Lowell & Company Inc
LPL Financial LLC
Lucia Securities LLC
Lucien Stirling & Gray Financial Corp
M E Allison & Co Inc
M Griffith Investment Services Inc
M H Leblang Inc
M Holdings Securities Inc
M S Howells & Co
M Zucker Inc
M&T Bank
M&T Securities Inc
Mack Investment Securities Inc
Madison Avenue Securities Inc
Mafg Ria Services Inc
Maitland Securities Inc
Maplewood Investment Advisors Inc
Marsco Investment Corporation
Mason Securities Inc
Mass Mutual Life Insurance Co
Matrix Trust Company
Maxim Group LLC
May Capital Group LLC
MBSC Securities Corporation
McClurg Capital Corporation
McCourtney-Breckenridge & Company
McDermott Investment Services LLC
McDonald Partners LLC
McDuffie/Morris Financial Group Inc
McLaughlin Ryder Investments Inc
McNally Financial Services Corporation
Means Wealth Management
Members Life Insurance Company
Mercantil Investment Services Inc
Mercap Securities LLC
Mercer Hr Services LLC
Mercer Trust Company
Mercury Securities LLC
Meridien Financial Group Inc
Merrill Lynch Pierce Fenner & Smith Inc
Mesirow Financial Inc
MetLife Investors Ins Co
MHA Financial Corp
Michigan Securities Inc
Mid Atlantic Capital Corporatio
Mid-Atlantic Securities Inc
Middlegate Securities Ltd
Midland National Life Ins Co Separate Account C
Midwestern Securities Trading Co LLC
Milestone Investments Inc
Ministry Partners Securities LLC
Minnesota Life Insurance Co
Mma Securities LLC
MMC Securities LLC
MML Distributors LLC
MML Distributors/Pe
MML Distributors/Smf-Pl
MML Investors Services LLC
MMRS Group Annuity
MMRS Registered Product
Moloney Securities Co Inc
Monarch Capital Group LLC
Monere Investments Inc
Money Concepts Capital Corp
Money Management Advisory Inc
Montage Securities LLC
Mony Life Insurance Company
Mony Life of America
Moors & Cabot Inc
Morgan Stanley Wealth Mgmt
Morris Group Inc
Mountain River Securities
MSCS Financial Services Div of Bbpo LLC
Multiple Financial Services Inc
Muriel Siebert & Co Inc
Mutual Funds Associates Inc
Mutual of America
Mutual of Omaha Investor Services Inc
Mutual Securities Inc
Mutual Trust Co of America Securities
MV Securities Group Inc
MWA Financial Services Inc
N I S Financial Services Inc
National Financial Services LLC
National Life Insurance Co
National Planning Corporation
National Securities Corporation
Nations Financial Group Inc
Nationwide Investment Svcs Corp
Nationwide Planning Associates Inc
Nationwide Securities LLC
Natl Pension & Group Consultants Inc
Navy Federal Brokerage Services LLC
NBC Securities Inc
NE Private Client Advisors Ltd
Nelson Ivest Brokerage Services Inc
Nestlerode & Loy Inc
Network 1 Financial Securities Inc
New York Life Insurance Co
Newbridge Securities Corp
Next Financial Group Inc
NGC Financial LLC
NI Advisors
Niagara INTL Capital Ltd
Nicol Investors Corporation
North Ridge Securities Corp
North South Capital LLC
Northeast Securities Inc
Northern Capital Securities Corporation
Northern Lights Distributors LLC
Northern Trust Securities Inc
Northland Securities Inc
Northwest Investment Advisors Inc
Northwestern Mutual Investment Svcs LLC
NPB Financial Group LLC
Ntb Financial Corporation
NYLIFE Securities LLC
O Toole Insurance & Securities
Oak Tree Securities Inc
Oberweis Securities Inc
OFG Financial Services Inc
Ohanesian / Lecours Inc
Old National Bank
Omega Securities Inc
Omni Financial Securities Inc
OneAmerica Securities Inc
Oppenheimer & Co Inc
OppenheimerFunds Distributor Inc
optionsXpress Inc
Oscar Gruss & Son Incorporated
Oshima & Associates
Pacific Financial Associates In
Pacific Investment Securities Corp
Pacific Life & Annuity Company
Pacific Life Insurance Co
Packerland Brokerage Services Inc
Painter Smith and Amberg Inc
Palmieri Angnardo & Co Inc
Paradigm Equities Inc
Pariter Securities LLC
Park Avenue Securities LLC
Parkland Securities LLC
Parsonex Securities Inc
Paulson Investment Company LLC
Peachtree Capital Corporation
Peak Brokerage Services LLC
Penates Group Inc
Penrod Financial Group
Pension Dynamics Securities Corporation
People's Securities Inc
Percival Financial Partners Ltd
Perryman Securities Inc
Pershing Advisor Solutions LLC
Pershing LLC
Peter Elish Investments Securities
Petersen Investments Inc
Pflueger & Baerwald Inc
PFS Investments Inc
Phillips & Company Securities Inc
PHL Variable Insurance Co
Phoenix Life Insurance Company
Pinnacle Investments LLC
Pioneer Bank & Trust
Piper Jaffray & Co
PlanMember Securities Corporation
Planned Financial Programs Inc
Planned Investment Co Inc
Planners Financial Services Inc
PNC Bank NA
PNC Investments LLC
Polar Investment Counsel Inc
Popular Securities LLC
Port Securities Inc
Portfolio Advisors Alliance LLC
Portfolio Resources Group Inc
Portsmouth Financial Services
Presidential Bank FSB
Presidential Brokerage Inc
Primary Capital LLC
Primex Prime Electronic Execution Inc
Principal Securities Inc
Principled Advisors Inc
Private Client Services LLC
Private Portfolio of San Diego Inc
PRO Broker-Dealer Financial Planning Inc
ProEquities Inc
Prospera Financial Services Inc
Protective Life Insurance Company
Provident Mutual Life and Insurance Company of America
Pruco Life Arizona
Pruco Life Insurance Co of New Jersey
Pruco Securities LLC
Prudential Ins Co/Hartford Vl
Prudential Investment Mngt Srvc LLC
Prudential Investment Mngt Svcs LLC
PTS Brokerage LLC
Puplava Securities Inc
Purshe Kaplan Sterling Investments
Putnam Fiduciary Trust Company
PWA Securities Inc
PWMCO LLC
Pyramid Funds Corporation
Qualified Benefits Consultants Inc
Quayle & Co Securities
Queens Road Securities LLC
Quest Capital Strategies Inc
Questar Capital Corporation
Quincy Cass Associates Incorporated
R F Lafferty & Co Inc
R M Stark & Co Inc
R Seelaus & Co Inc
Raphael Aryeh and Associates
Raymond James & Associates Inc
Raymond James Financial Service Inc
RBC Capital Markets LLC
RBS Citizens NA
RD Capital Group Inc
RDM Investment Services LLC
Regal Securities Inc
Regional Investment Services Inc
Regions Bank
Register Financial Associates Inc
Regulus Advisors LLC
Reliance Trust Company
Repex & Co Inc
Revere Securities LLC
RFS Partners
Rhodes Securties Inc
Richard D Schubert Inc
Richards, Merrill & Peterson Inc
Richfield Orion International Inc
Riedl First Securities Company of Kansas
RIM Securities LLC
RiverSource Life Insurance Co
RiverSource Life Insurance Co of Ny
RJJ Pasadena Securities Inc
RNR Securities LLC
Robert W Baird & Co Inc
Robinson & Robinson Inc
Rogan & Associates Inc
Romano Brothers and Company
Roosevelt & Cross Incorporated
Ross Sinclaire & Associates LLC
Rothschild Investment Corporation
Royal Alliance Associates Inc
Rushville State Bank
Ryan Financial Inc
S G Long & Company
SA Stone Wealth Management Inc
Safeguard Securities Inc
Safra Securities LLC
Sage Rutty & Co Inc
SagePoint Financial Inc
SAMCO Capital Markets Inc
Sammons Financial Network
Samuel A Ramirez & Co Inc
Sanders Morris Harris LLC
Sandlapper Securities LLC
Santander Securities LLC
Saperston Asset Management Inc
Saturna Trust Company
Saxony Securities Inc
SCF Securities Inc
SCH Enterprises Inc
Schlitt Investor Services Inc
Scott T Taylor Ltd
Scottrade Inc
Sddco Brokerage Advisors LLC
Seaport Securities Corp
Secure Planning Inc
SECUREVEST Financial Group
Securian Financial Services Inc
Securities America Inc
Securities Equity Group
Securities Management & Research Inc
Securities Research Inc
Securities Service Network Inc
Security Benefit Life Insurance Co
Security Distributors
SEI Private Trust Company
Senate Securities
Sentinel Securities Inc
SFA Financial LLC
SG Americas Securities LLC
Shareholders Service Group Inc
Sigma Financial Corporation
Signal Securities Inc
Signator Investors Inc
Signature Securities Group Corporation
SII Investments Inc
Silber Bennett Financial Inc
Silicon Valley Securities Inc
Silver Oak Securities Inc
Simmons First Investment Group Inc
Simmons First National Bank
Sisk Investment Services Inc
SKA Securities Inc
Slavic Investment Corporation
Smith Brown & Groover Inc
Smith Moore & Co
SNC Capital Management Corp
Snowden Account Services LLC
Sorrento Pacific Financial LLC
Sorsby Financial Corp
Southeast Investments NC Inc
Spencer-Winston Securities Corp
Spire Securities LLC
St Bernard Financial Services Inc
St Germain Securities Inc
Stacey Braun Financial Services Inc
Standard Insurance Company
Standard Investment Chartered Inc
Stannard Financial Services LLC
State Farm Mutual Funds
State Street Bank & Trust Co
Stephen A Kohn & Associates Ltd
Stephens
Sterling Monroe Securities LLC
Stern Brothers & Co
Sterne Agee & Leach Inc
Sterne Agee Clearing Inc
Stifel Nicolaus & Company Inc
Stock Traders
StockCross Financial Services Inc
Stoever Glass & Company Inc
Strategic Point Securities LLC
Summit Brokerage Services Inc
Summit Equities Inc
Sun's Brothers Securities Inc
Sunbelt Securities Inc
SunStreet Securities LLC
SunTrust Bank
SunTrust Investment Svcs Inc
Superior Financial Services Inc
Supreme Alliance LLC
Swartwood Hesse Inc
SWBC Investment Services LLC
Sweney Cartwright & Company
Sycamore Financial Group
Symphonic Securities LLC
Syndicated Capital Inc
Synovus Securities Inc
T R Winston & Company LLC
T Rowe Price Investment Services Inc
T Rowe Price Retirement Svcs Inc
T S Phillips Investments Inc
Tandem Securities Inc
Taylor Capital Management Inc
Taylor Securities Inc
TCAdvisors Network Inc
Tcfg Wealth Management LLC
TD Ameritrade Clearing Inc
TD Ameritrade Trust Company
TD Private Client Wealth LLC
Teckmeyer Financial Services LLC
TFS Securities Inc
The Bank of New York Mellon
The Capital Group Securities In
The Garbacz Group Inc
The Glenmede Trust Co NA
The GMS Group LLC
The Guardian Insurance & Annuity Co Inc
The Huntington Investment Company
The Investment Center Inc
The Jeffrey Matthews Financial Group LLC
The Lawrence D Vitez Corporatio
The Leaders Group Inc
The Logan Group Securities
The Northern Trust Company
The O N Equity Sales Company
The Oak Ridge Financial Svcs Group Inc
The Strategic Financial Alliance Inc
The Tavenner Company
The Union Central Life Insuranc Co
The Vanguard Group
The Windmill Group Inc
The Winning Edge Financial Grou
Thomas P Reynolds Securities Ltd
Thornhill Securities Inc
Thoroughbred Financial Services LLC
Thrasher & Chambers Inc
Thrivent Investment Management Inc
Thurston Springer Miller Herd& Titak Inc
TIAA-CREF Individual & Inst Services LLC
TIAA-CREF Individual & Instl Svcs LLC
Tigress Financial Partners LLC
TimeCapital Securities Corporation
Titan Securities
Titleist Asset Management Ltd
TLS Financial Services Inc
Tocqueville Securities LP
Trade Manage Capital Inc
Trade-PMR Inc
Traderfield Securities Inc
TradingBlock
TransAm Securities Inc
Transamerica Advisors Life Ins Co of Ny
Transamerica Advisors Life Insurance Co
Transamerica Financial Advisors Inc
Transamerica Life Insurance Co
Transamerican Financial Life Insur Co
Trevor Cole Reid & Monroe Inc
Trg Advisors Inc
Triad Advisors Inc
Trident Partners Ltd
Trinity Wealth Securities LLC
Trubee Collins & Co Inc
TrueNorth Inc
Trust Company of America
TrustCore Investments Inc
TrustFirst Inc
Trustmont Financial Group Inc
UBS Financial Services Inc
UBS Securities LLC
Uhlmann Price Securities LLC
UMB Bank NA
UMB Financial Services Inc
Umpqua Investments Inc
Unified Financial Securities LLC
Union Bank NA
Union Capital Company
UnionBanc Investment Services
United Brokerage Services Inc
United Planners Financial Svcs of America Ltd Partner
Univest Investments Inc
Univest Securities LLC
US Bancorp Investments Inc
US Bank NA
US Discount Brokerage Inc
US Investors Inc
US Sterling Securities Inc
USA Financial Securities Corporation
USAA Investment Management Company
USCA Securities LLC
USI Securities Inc
VALIC Financial Advisors Inc
VALIC Retirement Services Co
Valkyrie Equities Corporation
Valley National Investments Inc
ValMark Securities Inc
Valor Financial Securities LLC
Vanderbilt Securities LLC
Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company
Vanguard Marketing Corp
Variable Investment Advisors Inc
Vaughan and Company Securities Inc
VBC Securities LLC
Veritas Independent Partners LLC
Verity Investments Inc
VESTECH Securities Inc
Vestor Capital Securities LLC
ViewTrade Securities Inc
Vision Brokerage Services LLC
Vision Financial Markets LLC
Visun Securities Corporation
Vorpahl Wing Securities
Voya Financial Advisors Inc
Voya Financial Partners LLC
W H Colson Securities Inc
Waddell & Reed Inc
Wall Street Access
Washington Securities Corporation
Waveland Capital Partners LLC
Wayne Hummer Investments LLC
WBB Securities LLC
Wealth Management Resources Inc
Wedbush Securities Inc
Weitzel Financial Services Inc
Wellington Shields & Co LLC
Wells Fargo Advisors
Wells Fargo Bank
Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota NA
Wells Fargo Bank Na/Wachovia
Wells Fargo Clearing Svcs LLC
Wells Nelson & Associates LLC
WesBanco Securities Inc
Wescom Financial Services
Westchester Capital Planning In
Westco Investment Corp
Western Equity Group Inc
Western Financial Corporation
Western Growers Financial Services Inc
Western International Securities Inc
Western Strategic Advisors LLC
Westfield Investment Group Inc
Westminster Financial Securities Inc
Weston Securities Corporation
WestPark Capital Inc
Westport Resources Investment Svcs Inc
WFG Investments Inc
Wheelhouse Securities Corp
White Mountain Capital LLC
Whitehall-Parker Securities Inc
Wilbanks Securities Inc
Wiley Bros-Aintree Capital LLC
William Blair
William C Burnside & Company Inc
Wilmington Capital Securities LLC
Wilmington Trust Company
Wilmington Trust Rtmt & Instl Svcs Co
Wilson Parker Connally Stephenson Inc
Wilson-Davis & Co Inc
Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc
Wolf A Popper Inc
Wood Arthur W Company Inc
Woodbury Financial Services Inc
Woodlands Securities Corporatio
Woodmen Financial Services Inc
Woodstock Financial Group Inc
World Capital Brokerage Inc
World Choice Securities Inc
World Equity Group Inc
World Trend Financial Planning Svcs Ltd
Worth Financial Group Inc
Wright Investors Srvc Distributors Inc
Wulff Hansen & Co
Wunderlich Securities Inc
WWK Investments Inc
WySTAR Global Retirement Solutions
Zeus Securities Inc
Zions Direct Inc
ZIV Investment Company
Zurich American Life Insurance Company

Enter your firm name





Enter a valid 5 digit zip code







* All fields required and intended for Financial Advisor use only













Change Region











©
2017
OppenheimerFunds Distributor, Inc. All rights reserved.



Shares of Oppenheimer funds are not deposits or obligations of any bank, are not guaranteed by any bank, are not insured by the FDIC or any other agency, and involve investment risks, including the possible loss of the principal amount invested.


Investing involves risks including possible loss of principal.


Before investing in any of the Oppenheimer funds, investors should carefully consider a fund's
investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. Fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses
contain this and other information about the funds, and may be obtained by asking your financial
advisor, visiting oppenheimerfunds.com, or calling 1.800.525.7040.
Read prospectuses and summary prospectuses 
carefully before investing.








Oppenheimer Funds are distributed by



OppenheimerFunds Distributor, Inc.

225 Liberty Street, New York NY 10281-1008












Performance


Insights





Documents







Product Positioning



Fact Sheet



Fund Commentary



SAI



Annual Report



Semi-Annual Report



Prospectus



Summary Prospectus



Sales Charge & Commission Guide



Go to literature center







Morningstar Tools







Compare Funds



Hypothetical Tool







Buy














Cumulative Total Returns


as of 6/30/17



Since Inception 9/7/05

126%

















Performance & Distributions









Fund Performance Chart

×



International Equity



International Growth Fund


1






 Y 

Share Class






Morningstar Compare
Standardized Performance






×


Average Annual Total Returns
as of 6/30/17






1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr

Since

Inception






Without Sales Charge

16.25%
2.13%
9.53%
3.93%
7.13%



With Sales Charge

16.25%
2.13%
9.53%
3.93%
7.13%






Gross Expense Ratio:

 
0.89%
Net Expense Ratio:

2


3


 
0.89%





The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investments in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the originals cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price and reinvested distributions.  Class Y shares are not subject to a sales charge.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.












YTD




1M




3M




1Y




3Y




5Y




10Y




Inception










Cumulative Returns



A

















Compare to Indices


4



























International Growth Fund










VALUE of $10,000.00

























Calendar Year Returns %

(w/o sales charge)





Data as of 7/24/17

















































 
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016

YTD



B









International Growth Fund
–
30.18
12.93
-41.22
38.44
15.35
-7.32
22.10
25.46
-6.99
3.44
-2.06

17.42




MSCI AC World ex USA


4




16.62


26.65


16.65


-45.53


41.45


11.15


-13.71


16.83


15.29


-3.87


-5.66


4.50

—










The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investments in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the originals cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price and reinvested distributions.  Class Y shares are not subject to a sales charge.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.










Average Annual Total Returns



A








as of 6/30/17


as of 6/30/17








Month End



Quarter End







Sales Charge




A










YTD (as of 7/24/17)



B





17.42%


1 Year
16.25%


3 Year
2.13%


5 Year
9.53%


10 Year
3.93%


Since Inception
7.13%





YTD (as of 7/24/17)



B





17.42%


1 Year
16.25%


3 Year
2.13%


5 Year
9.53%


10 Year
3.93%


Since Inception
7.13%





YTD (as of 7/24/17)



B





17.42%


1 Year
16.25%


3 Year
2.13%


5 Year
9.53%


10 Year
3.93%


Since Inception
7.13%





YTD (as of 7/24/17)



B





17.42%


1 Year
16.25%


3 Year
2.13%


5 Year
9.53%


10 Year
3.93%


Since Inception
7.13%







Gross Expense Ratio





0.89%





NAV



C







as of 7/24/17


$40.72







The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investments in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the originals cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price and reinvested distributions.  Class Y shares are not subject to a sales charge.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.








Summary View


Detailed View










Top Issuers


5



06/30/17










Infineon Technologies AG

2.3%








SAP SE

1.9%








Nippon Telegraph & Telephone

1.8%








Valeo SA

1.8%








Carnival Corp.

1.6%








Hero MotoCorp Ltd.

1.5%








Continental AG

1.5%








Keyence Corp.

1.5%








Lonza Group AG

1.5%








Temenos Group AG

1.5%










Nidec Corp.

1.4%








Atlas Copco AB 

1.4%








CCL Industries, Inc.

1.4%








Grifols SA

1.4%








SEB S.A.

1.4%








Aalberts Industries NV

1.3%








Dollarama, Inc. 

1.3%








Heineken NV

1.3%








LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuit...

1.2%








Atos Origin S.A.

1.2%











×









2.3%


Infineon Technologies AG



Engaged in designing, developing, manufacturing, and marketing semiconductors and its related products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Germany




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.9%


SAP SE



Provides e-business software solutions
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Germany




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Software




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.8%


Nippon Telegraph & Telephone



Operates as a holding company which interests in wired and wireless telecommunication services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Japan




EQUITY SECTOR


Telecommunication Services




INDUSTRY


Diversified Telecommunication Services




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.8%


Valeo SA



Engages in the designing, production and marketing of automotive equipment
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


France




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Auto Components




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.6%


Carnival Corp.



Operates luxury cruises ships
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Hotels Restaurants & Leisure




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Hero MotoCorp Ltd.



Operates as a two wheeler manufacturing company
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


India




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Automobiles




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Continental AG



Manufactures motor vehicle accessories and rubber products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Germany




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Auto Components




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Keyence Corp.



Manufactures and sells sensors and measuring instruments
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Japan




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Lonza Group AG



Engages in the supply of pharmaceutical, healthcare, and life science products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Switzerland




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Temenos Group AG



Provides banking software systems to retail, corporate, universal, private, Islamic, microfinance and community banks, wealth managers, and financial institutions
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Switzerland




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Software




MARKET CAP


Mid











×









1.4%


Nidec Corp.



Manufactures small-scale spindle motors for hard disk drives and other electronic devices
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Japan




EQUITY SECTOR


Industrials




INDUSTRY


Electrical Equipment




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.4%


Atlas Copco AB 



Provides industrial productivity solutions
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Sweden




EQUITY SECTOR


Industrials




INDUSTRY


Machinery




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.4%


CCL Industries, Inc.



Provides packaging and labeling services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Canada




EQUITY SECTOR


Materials




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.4%


Grifols SA



Manufactures plasma-derived biological medicines
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Spain




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




INDUSTRY


Biotechnology




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.4%


SEB S.A.



Engages in the manufacturing of small domestic equipment and cookware
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


France




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.3%


Aalberts Industries NV



Engages in the development of industrial products and systems
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Netherlands




EQUITY SECTOR


Industrials




INDUSTRY


Machinery




MARKET CAP


Mid











×









1.3%


Dollarama, Inc. 



Offers a broad range of consumer products and general merchandise for everyday use
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Canada




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.3%


Heineken NV



Produces and distributes beer and non-alcoholic beverages
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Netherlands




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Staples




INDUSTRY


Beverages




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.2%


LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton



Operates as a holding company with interests in manufacturing beverages and other luxury goods
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


France




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Textiles Apparel & Luxury Goods




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.2%


Atos Origin S.A.



Provides information technology and consulting services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


France




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


IT Services




MARKET CAP


Large
















Holdings Breakdown



as of 06/30/17







Reset








Country 5



Region 5



Sector 5



Industry 5



Asset Allocation 5



Market Cap 6












18.9%France








17.1%United Kingdom


No Issuer Equity  in  United Kingdom






10.6%Germany








10.3%Switzerland








8.3%Japan








5.8%Netherlands








5.1%Spain








4.7%Canada








4.5%Denmark


No Issuer Equity  in  Denmark






2.8%Australia


No Issuer Equity  in  Australia






2.2%India








2.2%Sweden








1.6%United States








1.0%Finland


No Issuer Equity  in  Finland






0.9%Thailand


No Issuer Equity  in  Thailand






0.7%South Africa


No Issuer Equity  in  South Africa






0.7%Belgium


No Issuer Equity  in  Belgium









Developed Markets 5



Emerging Markets 5












76.2%Europe


No Issuer Equity  in  Europe






11.1%Asia Pacific


No Issuer Equity  in  Asia Pacific






6.3%Americas


No Issuer Equity  in  Americas








3.1%Asia Pacific


No Issuer Equity  in  Asia Pacific






0.7%Africa


No Issuer Equity  in  Africa











22.4%Consumer Discretionary








18.9%Industrials








16.2%Information Technology








13.4%Health Care








11.2%Consumer Staples








5.3%Telecommunication Services








4.8%Materials








3.7%Financials


No Issuer Equity  in  Financials






1.5%Energy


No Issuer Equity  in  Energy










5.1%Textiles Apparel & Luxury Goods








5.0%Software








4.8%Health Care Equipment & Supplies


No Issuer Equity  in  Health Care Equipment & Supplies






4.3%Auto Components








4.3%Diversified Telecommunication Services








4.3%Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment








4.1%Trading Companies & Distributors


No Issuer Equity  in  Trading Companies & Distributors






3.7%Electrical Equipment








3.7%Pharmaceuticals


No Issuer Equity  in  Pharmaceuticals






3.6%Machinery








3.4%Automobiles








3.2%Beverages








3.1%Hotels Restaurants & Leisure








2.9%Commercial Services & Supplies


No Issuer Equity  in  Commercial Services & Supplies






2.7%Food Products


No Issuer Equity  in  Food Products






2.7%Biotechnology








2.6%Chemicals


No Issuer Equity  in  Chemicals






2.5%Food & Staples Retailing


No Issuer Equity  in  Food & Staples Retailing






2.5%IT Services








2.4%Media


No Issuer Equity  in  Media










97.4%












78.3%Large








18.4%Mid








0.6%Small


No Issuer Equity  in  Small




















Morningstar










as of 6/30/17






(based on risk adjusted performance)






Overall Rating








Number of Funds
324


Category
Foreign Large Growth








Risk Measurements










as of 06/30/17








Alpha
1.42%


Beta
0.91



R-Squared



83.79



Sharpe Ratio



0.21



Standard Deviation



12.40%



Sortino Ratio




0.09



Information Ratio




0.26







Equity Style



D

















Total Assets

(all classes)






as of 6/30/17


$25.8 BN














Morningstar Analyst Rating


7






as of 6/28/2017












Portfolio Statistics










as of 6/30/17








Avg Market Cap (weighted)
32.6 BN


Median Market Cap (weighted)
16.1 BN


P/E (next 12 months)
18.19


P/E Operating (LTM)
22.83


Price/Book Value (LTM)
3.38



Turnover Ratio



9.00%





Investment Minimums





Initial



$1,000





Dividends

($ per share)




E









Est Frequency
Annual


Last Pay Date
12/14/16


Per Share ($)
0.4648


12-Month Distribution ($)
0.4648






Distribution Sources










Net Income
100.00%


Net Profit from Sale
0.00%


Other Capital Sources
0.00%











Top Issuers


5



06/30/17











Infineon Techno...

2.3%








SAP SE

1.9%








Nippon Telegrap...

1.8%








Valeo SA

1.8%








Carnival Corp.

1.6%








Hero MotoCorp L...

1.5%








Continental AG

1.5%








Keyence Corp.

1.5%








Lonza Group AG

1.5%








Temenos Group A...

1.5%









Next







Nidec Corp.

1.4%








Atlas Copco AB ...

1.4%








CCL Industries,...

1.4%








Grifols SA

1.4%








SEB S.A.

1.4%








Aalberts Indust...

1.3%








Dollarama, Inc....

1.3%








Heineken NV

1.3%








LVMH Moet Henne...

1.2%








Atos Origin S.A...

1.2%









Previous






Holdings Breakdown



as of 6/30/17






Reset




Country
Developed Markets
Emerging Markets
Sector
Industry
Asset Allocation
Market Cap








18.9%France








17.1%United Kingdom


No Issuer Equity  in  United Kingdom






10.6%Germany








10.3%Switzerland








8.3%Japan








5.8%Netherlands








5.1%Spain








4.7%Canada








4.5%Denmark


No Issuer Equity  in  Denmark






2.8%Australia


No Issuer Equity  in  Australia






2.2%India








2.2%Sweden








1.6%United States








1.0%Finland


No Issuer Equity  in  Finland






0.9%Thailand


No Issuer Equity  in  Thailand






0.7%South Africa


No Issuer Equity  in  South Africa






0.7%Belgium


No Issuer Equity  in  Belgium










76.2%Europe


No Issuer Equity  in  Europe






11.1%Asia Pacific


No Issuer Equity  in  Asia Pacific






6.3%Americas


No Issuer Equity  in  Americas








3.1%Asia Pacific


No Issuer Equity  in  Asia Pacific






0.7%Africa


No Issuer Equity  in  Africa










22.4%Consumer Discretionary








18.9%Industrials








16.2%Information Technology








13.4%Health Care








11.2%Consumer Staples








5.3%Telecommunication Services








4.8%Materials








3.7%Financials


No Issuer Equity  in  Financials






1.5%Energy


No Issuer Equity  in  Energy










5.1%Textiles Apparel & Luxury Goods








5.0%Software








4.8%Health Care Equipment & Supplies


No Issuer Equity  in  Health Care Equipment & Supplies






4.3%Auto Components








4.3%Diversified Telecommunication Services








4.3%Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment








4.1%Trading Companies & Distributors


No Issuer Equity  in  Trading Companies & Distributors






3.7%Electrical Equipment








3.7%Pharmaceuticals


No Issuer Equity  in  Pharmaceuticals






3.6%Machinery








3.4%Automobiles








3.2%Beverages








3.1%Hotels Restaurants & Leisure








2.9%Commercial Services & Supplies


No Issuer Equity  in  Commercial Services & Supplies






2.7%Food Products


No Issuer Equity  in  Food Products






2.7%Biotechnology








2.6%Chemicals


No Issuer Equity  in  Chemicals






2.5%Food & Staples Retailing


No Issuer Equity  in  Food & Staples Retailing






2.5%IT Services








2.4%Media


No Issuer Equity  in  Media










97.4%












78.3%Large








18.4%Mid








0.6%Small


No Issuer Equity  in  Small














×









2.3%


Infineon Technologies AG



Engaged in designing, developing, manufacturing, and marketing semiconductors and its related products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Germany




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.9%


SAP SE



Provides e-business software solutions
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Germany




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Software




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.8%


Nippon Telegraph & Telephone



Operates as a holding company which interests in wired and wireless telecommunication services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Japan




EQUITY SECTOR


Telecommunication Services




INDUSTRY


Diversified Telecommunication Services




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.8%


Valeo SA



Engages in the designing, production and marketing of automotive equipment
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


France




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Auto Components




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.6%


Carnival Corp.



Operates luxury cruises ships
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


United States




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Hotels Restaurants & Leisure




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Hero MotoCorp Ltd.



Operates as a two wheeler manufacturing company
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


India




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Automobiles




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Continental AG



Manufactures motor vehicle accessories and rubber products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Germany




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Auto Components




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Keyence Corp.



Manufactures and sells sensors and measuring instruments
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Japan




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Lonza Group AG



Engages in the supply of pharmaceutical, healthcare, and life science products
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Switzerland




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.5%


Temenos Group AG



Provides banking software systems to retail, corporate, universal, private, Islamic, microfinance and community banks, wealth managers, and financial institutions
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Switzerland




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


Software




MARKET CAP


Mid











×









1.4%


Nidec Corp.



Manufactures small-scale spindle motors for hard disk drives and other electronic devices
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Japan




EQUITY SECTOR


Industrials




INDUSTRY


Electrical Equipment




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.4%


Atlas Copco AB 



Provides industrial productivity solutions
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Sweden




EQUITY SECTOR


Industrials




INDUSTRY


Machinery




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.4%


CCL Industries, Inc.



Provides packaging and labeling services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Canada




EQUITY SECTOR


Materials




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.4%


Grifols SA



Manufactures plasma-derived biological medicines
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Spain




EQUITY SECTOR


Health Care




INDUSTRY


Biotechnology




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.4%


SEB S.A.



Engages in the manufacturing of small domestic equipment and cookware
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


France




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.3%


Aalberts Industries NV



Engages in the development of industrial products and systems
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Netherlands




EQUITY SECTOR


Industrials




INDUSTRY


Machinery




MARKET CAP


Mid











×









1.3%


Dollarama, Inc. 



Offers a broad range of consumer products and general merchandise for everyday use
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Canada




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.3%


Heineken NV



Produces and distributes beer and non-alcoholic beverages
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


Netherlands




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Staples




INDUSTRY


Beverages




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.2%


LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton



Operates as a holding company with interests in manufacturing beverages and other luxury goods
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


France




EQUITY SECTOR


Consumer Discretionary




INDUSTRY


Textiles Apparel & Luxury Goods




MARKET CAP


Large











×









1.2%


Atos Origin S.A.



Provides information technology and consulting services
Source: FactSet











ASSET ALLOCATION


Equity




COUNTRY


France




EQUITY SECTOR


Information Technology




INDUSTRY


IT Services




MARKET CAP


Large





















Management















George R. Evans, CFA





Managed Fund since
3/96
















Robert Dunphy, CFA





Managed Fund since
3/12










Investment Approach

The portfolio managers invest in well-established foreign businesses that appear likely to grow at a faster pace than world GDP and may benefit from four distinctive global themes that we call MANTRA®: Mass Affluence, New Technology, Restructuring and Aging. Within this framework, the portfolio managers rely on fundamental analysis to search for various types of quality growth companies with sustainable competitive advantages and above industry revenue growth.



Risk Management

Our team limits exposure to individual companies, industries and sectors, seeking to limit volatility through company quality and diversification.


Risk Management Overview



We conduct rigorous fundamental research to identify individual companies with asymmetrical risk/return opportunities.


Risk Management Overview



At the portfolio level, our experienced investment personnel closely monitor the strategy's positioning, and the active risk resulting from our security selection process and sector allocations. We evaluate factor and style exposure, as well as the ownership and liquidity profile of each security in the portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Our team proactively manages risk by constructing diversified portfolios across sectors, industry groups and securities. We manage, monitor and limit sector weights relative to specified benchmarks and security position sizes within each portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Our team closely monitors position size and sector weights; we have limits on active security weights against the benchmark for each strategy we manage.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is managed at the portfolio, strategy and security levels to identify diversified sources of alpha. We mainly focus on currency, interest rates and credit. Positions are sized and monitored according to established limits.


Risk Management Overview



We focus primarily on senior loans in an effort to maintain product integrity and limit duration risk.


Risk Management Overview



The team manages risk at both a strategy and individual security level to help ensure that, when combined, they act as the ballast in an investor’s overall portfolio.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is managed at the portfolio, strategy and security levels to identify diversified sources of alpha. We seek to identify primary and secondary risks of each investment. Diversification of sectors can potentially reduce volatility.


Risk Management Overview



The team manages risk by administering duration limits, limiting portfolio weighted average maturity and conducting thorough credit analysis on individual securities.


Risk Management Overview



The Rochester team has created diverse portfolios designed to mitigate the types of risks that municipal bond investors may encounter.


Risk Management Overview



The Commodities team manages risk on multiple levels, including individual commodity sector levels and overall fund level.


Risk Management Overview



The Real Estate team monitors and manages risk at the security, sector and strategy levels.


Risk Management Overview



The Global Multi-Asset Group monitors and manages risk on an ongoing basis, both at the asset class and portfolio levels.


Risk Management Overview



We emphasize capital preservation by avoiding companies that may cut distributions. We seek to build diversified portfolios comprised of energy and energy related companies with attractive risk-adjusted total return potential.


Risk Management Overview



The Alternative Strategies team evaluates risk on multiple levels, applying numerous risk analysis methods on an ongoing basis in addition to assessing risk impacts of a position prior to making investment decisions.


Risk Management Overview



Risk is monitored by quantitative risk system and managed at many levels – stock, sector, country, and style factors. We seek to diversify the portfolio across the global listed infrastructure market and adhere to an established risk framework, including constraints imposed by position limits versus a benchmark.


Risk Management Overview



We monitor and manage both security and sector weights to the underlying index to ensure that the portfolio is properly tracking its benchmark. Also, partnering with well-known index providers ensures that we hold only high quality securities that pass very stringent profitability and liquidity screens.


Risk Management Overview




Risk Management


Global Equity Risk Management
We construct diversified portfolios with a bottom-up approach to stock selection, regardless of index orientation. Individual position sizes reflect our confidence in a stock’s risk/reward profile and our understanding of industry dynamics. Sector, industry and country weightings are residuals of our bottom-up stock selection process. Portfolio Managers continuously monitor all holdings to assess any developments that may affect investment theses. An independent Risk Management team also monitors the portfolios, including active security, industry and sector weights, projected volatility and tracking error, exposure to unintended factor bets, and liquidity risk.
Enterprise Risk Management
Risk Management is an independent control function at OppenheimerFunds responsible for multiple areas of risk including investment risk, counterparty risk, enterprise risk and performance attribution.  The team is headed by the firm’s Chief Risk Officer, who reports directly to the CEO.  This structure ensures that the entire Risk Management team is independent from the investment process, allowing us to avoid conflicts of interest and providing a valuable second set of eyes on both investment and enterprise-wide risks.
Core Responsibilities of Risk Management Team

Performs comprehensive portfolio reviews with all investment teams
Monitors individual security holdings across the entire firm
Works with investment teams to set specific maximums for the active weights of securities and sectors, as well as for predicted tracking error and other risk metrics
Independently monitors specified team risk metrics

The aim of our Risk Management team is to enable the portfolio managers to make informed decisions on the risk/reward tradeoffs at play in their respective portfolios.
We believe that risk management is not only a responsibility of the firm, but a critical component of our success.

Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes and political and economic uncertainties.


×











Related Resources





Tools




📊
Historical Prices

Access fund performance across a time period of your choosing.






Fund Documents



(0)











Product Positioning













Fact Sheet













Fund Commentary













SAI













Annual Report













Semi-Annual Report













Prospectus













Summary Prospectus













Sales Charge & Commission Guide









Go to literature center









Insights












International Equity
The Latest on Oppenheimer International Growth Fund

July 18, 2017




George R. Evans
Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager




Robert Dunphy
Portfolio Manager



Quarterly performance and portfolio positioning for Oppenheimer International Growth Fund.











International Equity
International Equities: Poised to Climb?

June 01, 2017



A new cycle of international equities outperforming U.S. stocks may have already begun.











International Equity
10 Reasons to Consider Investing in International Equities

June 01, 2017



Learn how your clients can benefit over the long term by investing internationally.











International Equity
An Innovative Approach to Investing in Developing Markets

May 23, 2017




George R. Evans
Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager



George Evans, CIO Equities, explains why the traditional approach to developing markets is outdated.











GrowthSpotting
An Investment Perspective on the French Election

April 21, 2017




George R. Evans
Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager




Alice Fricke
Senior Client Portfolio Manager



The election's long-term impact on French portfolio holdings should be limited.











International Equity
The Reality of Investing in a Misunderstood Europe

April 13, 2017




George R. Evans
Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager



Europe's innovative companies and brand leaders make for a long-term opportunity.











International Equity
Q&A: The Road Ahead for International Equities

March 30, 2017




George R. Evans
Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager



Equities CIO George Evans answers questions on the outlook for international equities.











GrowthSpotting
GrowthSpotting: Profitable Long-Term Trends






George R. Evans
Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager



George Evans explains how we cut through market noise to explore profitable, long-term trends.












Markets & Economy
Mid-Year 2017 Outlook






Krishna Memani
Chief Investment Officer, Portfolio Manager 



As the U.S. Ages Gracefully, a Resurgence Abroad.












International Equity
Our Approach to International Growth Investing






George R. Evans
Chief Investment Officer, Equities, Portfolio Manager



George Evans explains the themes that help him select international growth stocks.











Loading...



×











1. 
Special Risks: Foreign investments may be volatile and involve additional expenses and special risks, including currency fluctuations, foreign taxes, regulatory and geopolitical risks. Emerging and developing market investments may be especially volatile. Eurozone investments may be subject to volatility and liquidity issues.  Investments in securities of growth companies may be volatile.  Mid-sized company stock is typically more volatile than that of larger company stock.  It may take a substantial period of time to realize a gain on an investment in a mid-sized company, if any gain is realized at all. Diversification does not guarantee profit or protect against loss.




2. 
The net expense ratio (where applicable) also takes into account contractual fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements without which performance would have been less.  These undertakings may not be amended or withdrawn for one year from the date of the current prospectus, unless approved by the Board.


3. 
For Share Classes with less than a one-year track record, expense ratios are estimated based on the Manager's projections of those expenses for the coming fiscal year.


4. 
Access index definitions.


5. 
Holdings are subject to change, and are dollar weighted based on total net assets. Negative weightings may result from the use of leverage. Leverage involves the use of various financial instruments or borrowed capital in an attempt to increase investment return. Leverage risks include potential for higher volatility, greater decline of the fund's net asset value and fluctuations of dividends and distributions paid by the fund.


6. 
Holdings are subject to change, are dollar-weighted based on assets, and may not reflect the use of leverage in the Fund. Market Cap breakdown is calculated using Morningstar's methodology and those capitalization standards may not align with those in the Fund’s prospectus.


7. 
The Morningstar Analyst Rating is not a credit or risk rating but a subjective evaluation performed by the analysts of Morningstar, Inc. (Mstar). Mstar evaluates funds based on five key pillars (process, performance, people, parent and price). Mstar's analysts use this evaluation to identify funds they believe are more likely to outperform over the long term on a risk-adjusted basis. Analysts consider quantitative and qualitative factors and the weightings of each pillar may vary. The Analyst Rating reflects overall assessment and is overseen by Morningstar's Analyst Rating Committee. The analyst rating scale is five-tiered, with three positive ratings (Gold, Silver, Bronze), a Neutral rating and a Negative rating, with Gold being the highest rating and Negative being the lowest rating. The Mstar Analyst Ratings should not be used as the sole basis in evaluating a mutual fund and are based on Mstar's current expectations about future events. Mstar does not represent ratings as a guarantee.  Analyst Ratings involve unknown risks and uncertainties which may cause Mstar's expectations not to occur or to differ significantly.


A. 
The performance data quoted represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results.  The investment return and principal value of an investments in the Fund will fluctuate so that an investor's shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than the originals cost.  Current performance and expense ratios may be lower or higher than the data quoted.  Fund returns include changes in share price and reinvested distributions.  Class Y shares are not subject to a sales charge.  Returns do not consider capital gains or income taxes on an individual's investment.
↩


B. 
"Year to Date" returns are cumulative, not annualized, and do not reflect sales charges (if sales charges are applicable to the Fund).  These returns would be lower if sales charges were taken into consideration.  Short-term returns may not be indicative of longer-term performance, which should also be considered when making investment decisions.
↩


C. 
Daily net asset value and dollar change of the fund is as of the previous business day's closing. Fund net asset values are updated at approximately 7:00pm ET daily.
↩


D. 
OppenheimerFunds' equity style box is based on the portfolio's overall targeted capitalization range and relative valuation as determined by OFI.
↩


E. 
There is no guarantee of the payment of any dividend or other distributions at any level.
↩













You are leaving www.oppenheimerfunds.com and being redirected to a new site.


OppenheimerFunds, Inc. is not responsible for the content of any such site, and does not endorse or approve of that content.

Continue


×



Enlarged Image Modal


×









Loading...


Tiny Button
Small Button
Large Button
Default Button
Secondary Button
Framed Button
Framed Button ( Small Caps )




















Solutions for growing assets | Columbia Threadneedle Investments














Welcome to our website for Financial Advisors. To visit our site for Individual Investors, please use the arrow below to change your selection.








Contact Us
Help








                    Financial Professionals 


Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home








 Toggle navigation
   









Menu




Home


Products





Products
Mutual Funds
529 Plans
Closed-End Funds
Variable Products
Managed Accounts
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)








Discover products designed to achieve your clients’ goals.
Watch Video







Perspectives





Perspectives
Our Blog
Market Outlook
Contributors







Learn how our culture of innovation fosters thought leaders and new ideas.
Watch Video







Resources





Resources
Fiduciary Insights
Forms & Applications
Investor Goals
Learning Center
Literature
RIA Resource Center
Tax Center






Find resources designed to help you succeed.
Watch Video







About Us





About Us
Leadership
Our Philosophy
Press Center







Meet the people behind the work and get to know Columbia Threadneedle.
Watch Video























Contact Us
Help





Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home












 



Resources
Investor Goals 
Grow Assets












Grow Assets






















Looking for investment options to help maximize your clients’ asset growth? Learn about asset growth solutions from Columbia Threadneedle Investments.

When investors think about financial goals, they’re often related to milestones — buying a home; paying for a wedding; retiring with confidence. Each is personal and each has a timeline — giving growth products a competitive edge. Our proprietary research, breakthrough investment ideas and disciplined selection process help uncover opportunities to accelerate asset growth, so your clients reach their financial goals.
Solutions for Growing Assets




Columbia Select Large Cap Growth Fund
Morningstar Category: Large Growth

Fund Strategy and Benefits
Quarterly Fund Story

Strategy
This fund targets innovative companies gaining market share in industries that represent a larger segment of the economy.
Benefits

Selects companies with the potential to provide considerably higher returns than the overall market
Conducts extensive research to unearth high-growth companies
Designed to uncover companies with future growth prospects that will propel the fund’s performance
Seeks competitive performance using a patient, long-term approach





Columbia Overseas Value Fund
Morningstar Category: Foreign Large Value

Fund Strategy and Benefits
Quarterly Fact Sheet

Strategy
This fund invests primarily in foreign stocks trading below our assessment of fair value, with good business fundamentals, shareholder-friendly managements and sound prospects for growth.
Benefits

Provides increased geographic diversification with international stocks
Focused on companies, not headlines, thanks to extensive research capabilities
Offers long-term growth potential





































 Award-Winning Investor Newsletter






Recognized by industry peers as best-in-class for mutual fund marketing and communications,1 our Investor Newsletter features timely economic trends, investment strategies and solutions, and more.
Read the current issue



1The Mutual Fund Education Alliance STAR Awards competition recognizes excellence in mutual fund marketing and communications. Materials were evaluated on educational value, message comprehension, effective design and stated objectives. The Columbia Threadneedle Investor Newsletter won best Retail Electronic Newsletter in the Large Plus Asset Level category in 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2016.
 












































                                    Contact Us
                                













Mutual Funds Marketing Support and Literature
                                RequestsMonday - Thursday, 8
                        a.m. - 7 p.m. ET; Friday 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET


                                Financial Institutions
                            

                                800.718.9009
                            



                                Broker/Dealers
                            

                                800.215.5005
                            



                                Registered Investment Advisors
                            

                                866.444.5435
                            



                                Independent Advisors
                            

                                800.446.4008
                            



                                Dealer Services Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET
                            

                                800.322.2847
                            





                                Service inquiries
                            






                                Product inquiries
                            






                                Sales/Prospecting questions
                            




Shareholder Account ServicesMonday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET



                                Shareholder Services
                            

                                800.345.6611
                            



                                Transaction Department
                            

                                800.422.3737
                            



More Contact Options

Help


















 








About Us | PGIMInvestments



















About Us
www.pgim.com


en


LHja2TX81iR4OsAgxZZ7LJF

Asset Management


Skip to main content















 PGIM.com


 PGIM Businesses






 Financial Professional Login


 Customer Login


 Careers


 Contact













Menu



Close






PGIM Home







About Us
 About Us


 Products


 Insights


 Overview


 Fixed Income


 Income Investing




 Resources






Close














{}








Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRJVO5







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 






































We help investors participate in global market opportunities
At PGIM Investments, we consider it a great privilege and responsibility to help investors participate in opportunities across global markets while meeting their toughest investment challenges. We’re part of PGIM, the 9th-largest investment manager globally1 with more than $1 trillion in assets under management.2



















































 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB0S0







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























		
			PGIM Investments At a Glance
		
	
Through our diversified fund line up and consistent outperformance, PGIM Investments ranks among the top five fastest organically growing U.S. mutual fund firms.3












 


Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB0U4







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 










































80% of z-class funds outperformed their Morningstar category median over the 10-year period ended March 31, 2017.4






























90% of our fixed income funds outperformed their Morningstar category median over their 10-year period.5






























We offer a diversified suite of actively managed funds across a broad spectrum of asset classes and investment styles.























 


Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBGO3







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























		
			Bringing You the Investment Managers of Prudential
		
	
We are part of PGIM, the global investment management business of Prudential Financial, a company that individuals and businesses have trusted with their financial future for over 140 years.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBGQ5







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 








































PGIM is the 9th largest asset manager in the world1


Manages assets for 142 of the top 300 Global Pension Funds6


Manages assets for 18 of the largest 25 public U.S. Pension Plans7 




























More than $1 trillion in assets under management2


Manages assets for 23 of the largest 25 corporate U.S. Pension Plans7


Global presence with offices in 16 countries2

























 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBG71







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























		
			Focused on Delivering Long-term Results
		
	












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB846







AdvisorFundTrackerTable



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 













    Our Top Performing Funds
      





Morningstar Overall Ratings for Class Z shares as of {{fundDate}}


Fund Name
OVERALL RATING
3-YEAR
5-YEAR
10-YEAR




{{fund.fundName}}opens in a new window ({{fund.code}})
               Rating: ({{fund.category}})


{{fund.overallRating}} star fund rating 


{{fund.overallFunds}} Funds
 -



{{fund.3yearRating}} star fund rating 


 {{fund.3yearFunds}} Funds
 -



{{fund.5yearRating}} star fund rating 


 {{fund.5yearFunds}} Funds
 -



{{fund.10yearRating}} star fund rating 


 {{fund.10yearFunds}} Funds
 -











 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRB845







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























Meet the Managers Behind our Star Performing Funds

Our asset managers are committed to a long-term approach to investing. That’s because they also manage money for major corporations and pension funds around the world who measure investment success over decades, not quarters. It means individual investors benefit from the same focus, expertise, innovation, and attention to risk demanded by today’s most sophisticated investors. PGIM assets under management data as of 3/31/2017.












 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVH4L7







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 


































One of the largest and most experienced fixed-income managers in the industry.
 




Assets
$653.6 Billion


Established
1928












Global leader in public and private real estate investments with deep knowledge of local and regional markets.




Assets
$65.9 Billion


Established
1970












Leading fundamental equity manager featuring growth, value, blend, global and specialty strategies.




Assets
$164.3 Billion


Established
1969












Leader in developing innovative equity and asset allocation strategies to help meet a broad range of investment objectives.




Assets
$120.5 Billion


Established
1975
















Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVHCT7







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























					
					
						Recent Awards & Recognition
					
				












	
		LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Utility Fund (Class Z)


















LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Utility Fund (Class Z)







#1 Utility Fund (Class Z)
Prudential Jennison Utility Fund is recognized as a 2017 Lipper Fund Award winner for leading the utility category over the 5-year period
















	
		ALERIAN  MLP Mutual Fund of the Year


















ALERIAN  MLP Mutual Fund of the Year







MLP Mutual Fund of the Year
Prudential Jennison MLP Fund is recognized as a 2017 Ammy Award winner for being the MLP mutual fund that generated the highest total return of 17 funds in 2016.

















	
		LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Income Fund (Class Z)


















LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Income Fund (Class Z)







#1 Global Income Fund (Class Z)
Prudential Global Total Return Fund, Inc. is recognized as a 2016 Lipper Fund Award winner for leading the global income category over the 10-year period.
















	
		LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z)


















LIPPER FUND AWARDS  #1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z)







#1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z)
Prudential Global Real Estate Fund is recognized as a 2016 Lipper Fund Award winner for leading the global real estate category over the 10-year period.

















































































 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVH2M7







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 

























Spotlight













 

Z7_K8HEHHG0LGC350AB2NLMCVH2L3







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 


























	
	
		What's New
	
	













 
			
			
				What's New
			 
		






Check out our new Family of Funds Brochure featuring PGIM Investments' key attributes, investment experience, and diversified suite of funds.








 Download the Family of Funds Brochure  PDF opens in a new window









	
	
		The Active/Passive Choice
	
	













 
			
			
				The Active/Passive Choice
			 
		






As passive management gains traction, what is the impact on investors?  Richard Woodworth, VP Product Management explains why choice is good for investors.














	
	
		Newsroom
	
	













 
			
			
				Newsroom
			 
		






View our latest press releases and announcements.








 Read the latest PGIM Investments News 


















 

Z7_K8HEHHG0L03280AB2N8TDRBKS3







Web Content Viewer



Component Action Menu





${title}


 
${loading}













Actions



 













1. Pensions & Investments: Largest Money Manager list, May 2017, data as of 12/31/2016.
2. PGIM data, as of 3/31/17.
3. Simfund, as of 3/31/17 among top 50 competitors between 2008 and 1Q2017, excludes ETFs and money market funds.
4. 28 out of 35 funds. Ranking based on Class Z share funds with 10-year history. Rankings for Class Z share funds that rank top 50% or better within their respective Morningstar Categories over the trailing 1-, 3-, & 5-year periods are 31/56 funds, 29/48 funds, and 25/42 funds, respectively. Source: Morningstar as of 3/31/17.
5. 9 out of 10 fixed income funds. Ranking based on Class Z share fixed income funds with 10-year history. Rankings for Class Z share fixed income funds that rank top 50% or better within their respective Morningstar Categories over the trailing 1-, 3-, & 5-year periods are 12/18 funds, 14/15 funds, and 11/13 funds, respectively. Source: Morningstar as of 3/31/17.
6. P&I/Towers Watson Top 300 Pension Funds ranking as of 12/31/16, published 9/30/16.
7. Based on U.S. Plan Sponsor rankings in Pensions & Investments as of 12/31/16.
Morningstar rankings are based on total return, do not include the effects of sales charges, and are calculated against all funds in each fund's respective Morningstar category. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Performance by share class may vary.
Star ratings shown are for Class Z shares, which are available to individual investors through certain retirement and wrap fee programs, and to institutions at an investment minimum of $5,000,000. Performance by share class may vary. In addition to the ones shown above, other classes, which contain either a sales load or a contingent deferred sales charge, are also available. These expenses will generally lower total fund return. Please see the prospectus for additional information about fees, expenses and investor eligibility requirements.
The risks associated with investing in these funds include but are not limited to: derivative securities, which may carry market, credit, and liquidity risks; short sales, which involve costs and the risk of potentially unlimited losses; leveraging, which may magnify losses; high yield (“junk”) bonds, which are subject to greater market risks; small/mid cap stocks which may be subject to more erratic market movements than large cap stocks; foreign securities, which are subject to currency fluctuation and political uncertainty; real estate, which poses certain risks related to overall and specific economic conditions as well as risks related to individual property, credit and interest-rate fluctuations; and mortgage-backed securities, which are subject to prepayment and extension risks. Sector funds and Specialty funds may not be suitable for all investors. Such funds are non-diversified, so a loss resulting from a particular security will have greater impact on the Fund's return. Fixed income investments are subject to interest rate risk, and their value will decline as interest rates rise. The risks associated with each fund are explained more fully in each fund's respective prospectus. There is no guarantee a fund's objectives will be achieved.
Some Morningstar Ratings may not be customarily based on adjusted historical returns. If so, an investment's independent Morningstar Rating metric is compared against the retail mutual fund universe breakpoints to determine its hypothetical rating for certain time periods. The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.
For the overall, 3-, 5- and 10-year periods, respectively, as of 3/31/17: Prudential Balanced Fund was rated 5 stars out of 721 funds, 5 stars out of 721 funds, and 5 stars out of 616 funds, and 4 out of 424 funds, respectively; Prudential High Yield Fund was rated 5 stars out of 596 funds, 5 stars out of 596 funds, 4 stars out of 471 funds, and 5 stars out of 318 funds, respectively; Prudential Short-Term Corporate Bond Fund, Inc. was rated 5 stars out of 444 funds, 4 stars out of 444 funds, 4 stars out of 359 funds, and 5 stars out of 257 funds, respectively; Prudential Total Return Bond Fund was rated 5 stars out of 851 funds, 5 stars out of 851 funds, 5 stars out of 750 funds, and 5 stars out of 538 funds, respectively; Prudential California Municipal Income Fund was rated 5 stars out of 69 funds, 5 stars out of 69 funds, 5 stars out of 65 funds, and 5 stars out of 52 funds, respectively; Prudential National Muni Fund was rated 5 stars out of 256 funds, 5 stars out of 256 funds, 5 stars out of 224 funds, and 5 stars out of 150 funds, respectively; Prudential QMA Small-Cap Value Fund was rated 5 stars out of 353 funds, 5 stars out of 353 funds, 4 stars out of 309 funds, and 5 stars out of 199 funds, respectively; Prudential Short Duration Multi-Sector Bond Fund was rated 5 stars out of 444 funds, and 5 stars out of 444 funds, respectively.
© 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete, or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
In the Lipper Fund Awards, funds had to be registered for sale in the respective country as of the end of 2015 and 2016 and the fund had to have at least 36 months of performance history as of the end of the evaluation year. S&P 500 Index funds, specialty diversified equity funds and specialty/miscellaneous funds were not eligible to receive classification awards. Rankings do not take sales charges into account. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
The Lipper Fund Awards are based on risk-adjusted returns for the three-, five-, and 10-year periods ending 11/30/2015 and 11/30/2016 using Lipper's proprietary, quantitative fund rating methodology.
The Lipper Fund Awards are based on risk-adjusted returns for the three-, five-, and 10-year periods ending 11/30/2016 using Lipper's proprietary, quantitative fund rating methodology. Prudential Jennison Utility Fund- #1 Utility Fund (Class Z) out of 47 funds for the 5-year period ended 11/30/2016. Rankings for the 3- and 10-year periods were 16 out of 49 and 16 out of 44 funds, respectively. Prudential Global Total Return - #1 Global Income Fund (Class Z) out of 76 funds for the 10-year period ended 11/30/2015. Rankings for the 3- and 5-year periods were 72 out of 182 and 28 out of 130 funds, respectively. Prudential Global Real Estate Fund: #1 Global Real Estate Fund (Class Z) out of 32 funds for the 10-year period ended 11/30/2015. Rankings for the 3- and 5-year periods were 40 out of 113 and 20 out of 94 funds, respectively.
From Thomson Reuters Lipper Awards, © 2017 Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Used by permission and protected by the Copyright Laws of the United States. The printing, copying, redistribution, or retransmission of this Content without express written permission is prohibited.
The Ammys 2017 MLP Mutual Fund of the Year Award. Awarded to the MLP mutual fund that generated the highest total return of 17 funds in 2016. MLP mutual fund is defined as a mutual fund whose principal investment objective is to invest the majority of fund assets in MLPs, and by definition, making a corporate tax election. Total return is calculated using the fund’s Class A shares, adding any dividends paid during the year to the price return. As a viability threshold, the fund must have at least $100 million in assets. Leveraged versions of other mutual funds are not eligible. There are a total of 17 MLP mutual funds in the peer group, one of which was ineligible for utilizing leverage.
Alerian and its affiliates do not endorse, manage, promote, sell, or sponsor any company, investment fund or other vehicle nominated, selected as a finalist, or selected as a winner for the Alerian MLP Awards, or Ammys. Alerian is not an investment advisor, and Alerian and its affiliates make no representations regarding the advisability of investing in any company, investment fund or other vehicle nominated, selected as a finalist, or selected as a winner for the Ammys.
Consider a fund's investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses carefully before investing. The prospectus Opens in a new window and the summary prospectus contain this and other information about the fund. Contact your financial professional for a prospectus and the summary prospectus. Read them carefully before investing.
An investment in our money market funds is not insured or guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other government agency. Although the funds seek to preserve the value of your clients investment at $1.00 per share, it is possible to lose money by investing in the funds.
Mutual fund investing involves risk. Some mutual funds have more risk than others. The investment return and principal value will fluctuate and investor's shares when sold may be worth more or less than the original cost. Fixed income investments are subject to interest rate risk, and their value will decline as interest rates rise. Asset allocation and diversification do not assure a profit or protect against loss in declining markets. There is no guarantee a Fund's objectives will be achieved. The risks associated with each fund are explained more fully in each fund's respective prospectus. Your clients should consult with their attorney, accountant, and/or tax professional for advice concerning their particular situation.
These materials are for informational or educational purposes only. The information is not intended as investment advice and is not a recommendation about managing or investing your retirement savings. In providing these materials PGIM Investments is not acting as your fiduciary as defined by the Department of Labor. Please consult with a qualified investment professional if you wish to obtain investment advice.
Mutual funds are distributed by Prudential Investment Management Services LLC, a Prudential Financial company, member SIPC. Jennison Associates and PGIM, Inc. (PGIM) are registered investment advisors and Prudential Financial companies. QMA is the primary business name of Quantitative Management Associates LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of PGIM. PGIM Fixed Income and PGIM Real Estate are units of PGIM. © 2017 Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related entities. Jennison Associates, Jennison, PGIM Real Estate, the Prudential logo, and the Rock symbol are service marks of Prudential Financial, Inc. and its related entities, registered in many jurisdictions worldwide.
Prudential Financial, Inc. of the United States is not affiliated with Prudential plc. which is headquartered in the United Kingdom.
Investment Products: Are not insured by the FDIC or any other federal government agency, may lose value, and are not a deposit of or guaranteed by any bank or any bank affiliate.
 
0303656-00003-00 Ed. 06/2017
 









 






Back to top

















 

	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































