


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.









Yoram  Abada's Phone & Address | PeopleByName















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
A
Abada

Yoram  Abada




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Record ID: 570351402Yoram  Abada2503 J AveBrooklyn, NY 11210(718) 258-3526Background Check - Available
Record ID: 571196443Yoram  Abada2503 J AveBrooklyn, NY 11210(718) 258-3526Background Check - Available
Record ID: 573386064Yoram  Abada2503 J AveBrooklyn, NY 11210(718) 258-3526Background Check - Available








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017







ABADA YORAM Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      ABADA YORAM
                    

•   WOODBURY, NY
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Abada Yoram is based out of Woodbury.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from ABADA YORAM, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




abada yoram


C/O JENNIFER CONVERTIBLES

WOODBURY
NY
                                                        
                                                    11797









Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 02/06/2017
3 filed on 10/12/2016
4 filed on 02/23/2011
3 filed on 02/23/2011
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free




























 







 Yoram Abada - Historical records and family trees - MyHeritage
 












A

A




ACCESSIBILITY
X









You are currently not logged in as a member of MyHeritage. Some of the information displayed may be restricted. Log in or Sign up

 


You are not logged inLog inSign up

English





Trusted by millions of genealogists since 2003


























Yoram AbadaHistorical records and family trees related to Yoram Abada.Records may include photos, original documents, family history, relatives, specific dates, locations and full names.
 U.S. Public Records Index 


 
Yoram G Abada
 1959Yoram G Abada, born 1959

Yoram G Abada was born on month day 1959.

Yoram lived at address.

 


 
Yoram G Abada
 1959Yoram G Abada, born 1959

Yoram G Abada was born on month day 1959.

Yoram lived on month day 2000, at address.

 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Download Family Tree Builder™ - the world's most popular free genealogy software. Enjoy beautiful charts, reports and maps for your family tree.Free Download


Create your private tree on MyHeritage. Receive automatic Smart Matches™ and Record Matches.Get Started


Research‎ > Abada‎ > Yoram Abada



Didn't find the person you were looking for? Search in our huge database of billions of records.
Explore more resultsSearch in our 7.8 billion historical records


First name:

Last name:

Birth year:

Death year:

 Search

 











WOW! This is amazing! I cannot believe how super simple it is to research and create a family tree with very little information in hand. This is simply above and beyond anything else I've seen on the web! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
R. Sloan, Gallatin, Tennessee, USA


I have been trying to piece together my family for over 35 years and Smart Matches made it go past my wildest dreams. Thanks to MyHeritage, this is a wonderful and really exciting hobby to really dig deep into.
D. Henry, North Lauderdale, Florida, USA


MyHeritage is a great place to develop a family tree. In less than two weeks time I was able to track my family back to 1877. This is in no small part due to the vast storehouse of data that is available through MyHeritage.
W. Vacca, Bonita Springs, Florida, USA


I am having the time of my life. Thanks for offering such a fabulous site that is going to help so many!
K. N. Mathias , South Fulton, Tennessee, USA


Thanks to your site I finally was able to unlock the mystery! It has been a great revelation to find so many family members after so many years.
A. Horst, Charlotte, North Carolina, USA




ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther
 








About us
Our blog
Privacy
Terms
Help

        Copyright © 2017 MyHeritage Ltd.‎
     





 
 










People directory - Last Names - Abada















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
A

Abada




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Please select a first name!

A Abada
Abadawells Abada
Abdel Abada
Abdelhami Abada
Abdelhamid Abada
Abdelhaq Abada
Abdellah Abada
Abraham Abada
Adar Abada
Adrian Abada
Aharon Abada
Ahmed Abada
Alfredo Abada
Andrina Abada
Assia Abada
Avraham Abada
Bertin Abada
Brazil Abada
Bridgette Abada
C Abada
Chris Abada
D Abada
Daisy Abada
Daney Abada
David Abada
Dina Abada
Edi Abada
Efe Abada
Efeogor Abada
Eleanor Abada
Eusebio Abada
Farid Abada
Felix Abada
Glenda Abada
H Abada
Heather Abada
Hilary Abada
Iris Abada
Irith Abada
Jean Abada
Jocelyn Abada
Joseph Abada
Judith Abada
Kefe Abada
Kheira Abada
L Abada
Lamia Abada
Laura Abada
Ligaya Abada
Lior Abada
Lou Abada
Manal Abada
Maralyn Abada
Maria Abada
Mark Abada
Martin Abada
Meir Abada
Mirna Abada
Mohamed Abada
Mokataria Abada
Mokhtaria Abada
Mordech Abada
Mordechai Abada
Moshe Abada
Nancy Abada
Pamela Abada
Paolo Abada
Patria Abada
Rachel Abada
Rafael Abada
Ralph Abada
Rami Abada
Randi Abada
Raphael Abada
Redouane Abada
Renee Abada
Rez Abada
Ricardo Abada
Robin Abada
Robinson Abada
Rolando Abada
Rosi Abada
Roy Abada
Russell Abada
S Abada
Salim Abada
Samiah Abada
Shani Abada
Stephanie Abada
Violeta Abada
Y Abada
Yacine Abada
Yeheskel Abada
Yolanda Abada
Yoram Abada








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017




Snap Interactive Inc: OTCMKTS:STVI quotes & news - Google FinanceCookies help us deliver our services. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookiesLearn moreGot itMy AccountSearchMapsYouTubePlayNewsGmailDriveCalendarGoogle+TranslatePhotosMoreShoppingWalletFinanceDocsBooksBloggerContactsHangoutsKeepEven more from GoogleSign inHidden fieldsSearch FinanceAdobe Flash Player is required for interactive charts. AllowFinanceSnap Interactive Inc(OTCMKTS:STVI)Add to portfolioCompanySummaryNewsRelated companiesHistorical pricesFinancialsMarketsNewsPortfoliosStock screenerGoogle Domestic TrendsRecent Quotes (30 days)You have no recent quoteschg | %




Snap Interactive Inc  (Public, OTCMKTS:STVI)  
Watch this stock
 




















3.10


0.00
(0.00%)





Jul 21 - Close


OTCMKTS
data delayed by 15 mins -
Disclaimer

Currency in USD







Range

    -



52 week

3.00 - 20.50



Open

    -



Vol / Avg.

0.00/1,955.00



Mkt cap

20.00M



P/E

    -



Div/yield

    -



EPS

-1.98



Shares

6.71M



Beta

1.11



Inst. own

5%
































News





Relevance



Date











All news for Snap Interactive Inc »

Subscribe






Advertisement


Key stats and ratios




Q1 (Mar '17)
2016


Net profit margin
-15.46%
-6.92%

Operating margin
-16.01%
-8.31%

EBITD margin
-
-1.63%

Return on average assets
-15.36%
-6.49%

Return on average equity
-20.34%
-8.51%

Employees
57
-

CDP Score
-

-



More ratios from Thomson Reuters »

Address
320 W 37th St Fl 13NEW YORK, NY 10018-4271United States
- Map+1-212-5945050 (Phone)+1-302-6365454 (Fax)

Website links


http://www.snap-interactive.com/

















Settings |
Technicals |



Link to this view





Sources include SIX.




















Advertisement







Related companies





Show:


Most Recent Quarter


Most Recent Annual




Add or remove columns
Save changes
Cancel









More from FactSet »










Description




Snap Interactive, Inc. operates a portfolio of dating applications. The Company's dating applications include FirstMet and The Grade. The Company provides an online dating application under the FirstMet brand that is native on Facebook, iPhone operating systems (iOS) and Android platforms, and is also accessible on mobile devices and desktops at FirstMet.com. The FirstMet application is available to users and active subscribers. The Company's online dating application under The Grade brand is native on iOS and Android. The Grade is a mobile dating application that holds users accountable to a standard of behavior by using an algorithm that assigns letter grades to users ranging from A+ to F, based on profile quality, messaging quality and reviews from other users of the application. Users with a grade of D receive a warning and instructions on how to improve their grade, while users failing to improve an F grade are at risk of expulsion.


More from Reuters »








Officers and directors





Jason Katz

Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Operating Officer





Age: 53

Alexander Harrington

Chief Executive Officer, Director





Age: 44

Judith F. Krandel

Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer





Age: 51

Eric Sackowitz

Chief Technology Officer






Arash Vakil

Chief Product Officer






Yoram Abada

Director






Lance Laifer

Director






Clifford Lerner

Director





Age: 37

Michael Levit

Director






John Silberstein

Director








Full list on Reuters »








Google Finance Beta available in: Hong Kong - Canada - U.S. - China - U.K.Information is provided "as is" and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice, and may be delayed.To see all exchange delays, please  see disclaimer.©2017 Google - Google Home - Blog - Help - Report a Problem - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service






 SNAP Interactive Inc. |   Management & Directors
























































GithubLinkedinRssTwitterFacebook











SNAP Interactive Inc.
SNAP Interactive Corporate Website








 





Management & Directors












Management Team
















 Jason Katz Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Operating Officer













 Alex HarringtonChief Executive Officer










Clifford LernerChief Product Innovation Officer















Judy KrandelChief Financial Officer










Eric SackowitzChief Technology Officer




Arash VakilChief Product Officer















Board of Directors



















Jason Katz



Mr. Katz is the founder of A.V.M., and has served as its Chief Executive Officer and as a member of its Board of Directors since 1998. In his capacity as an executive officer and director of A.V.M., Mr. Katz oversees the strategic direction of A.V.M. and its subsidiaries, and also manages its system infrastructure. Mr. Katz is an authority on instant messaging as well as web-based voice and video. Mr. Katz has appeared at numerous industry forums as well as on Bloomberg Radio and CNN Radio. 
Prior to A.V.M., Mr. Katz co-founded MJ Capital, a money management firm. Earlier in his career, Mr. Katz was a corporate lawyer at the New York office of Fulbright & Jaworski. Mr. Katz earned a JD from the New York University School of Law (1988) and a BA in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania (1985).












Clifford Lerner



Mr. Lerner is the Co-Founder of SNAP Interactive.  Mr. Lerner served as SNAP’s CEO from 2005 through 2015, and currently serves as Chief Product Innovation Officer.
Under Mr. Lerner’s leadership, SNAP has established itself as one of the leaders and innovators in the online dating industry. In 2012, SNAP ranked 9th in the Internet category, as SNAP’s revenue grew 4,412 percent from 2007 to 2011.  SNAP’s dating apps have attracted over 100 million users and pioneered numerous online dating innovations.
Mr. Lerner is a leading industry visionary and spokesperson, and has appeared on CNBC, Bloomberg, Fortune TV, and many other outlets top tier media outlets.  Previously, Mr. Lerner served as an analyst in the equities division at Lehman Brothers Inc. from 2000 to 2005 and received a BS in applied economics and business management from Cornell University in 2000.



















Alex Harrington





Alexander Harrington joined SNAP in February 2014 as Chief Operating Officer, and became and became Chief Financial Officer in March 2015. In October 2015, he was elevated to Chief Executive Officer, a role in which he continues to serve today.
Prior to SNAP, Mr. Harrington was CEO of MeetMoi, an interactive dating pioneer on mobile platforms, where he presided over ten-fold growth in revenue and was instrumental in the company’s sale to Match.com.  He is also co-founder of and Senior Advisor to Indicative, a business analytics start-up.  Prior to MeetMoi, Mr. Harrington served as SVP of Strategy and Operations for Zagat Survey, where he oversaw a transformation of the digital business culminating in the company’s sale to Google.
In prior roles, Mr. Harrington served in New Business Development at Sony BMG and in investment banking at The Beacon Group and Smith Barney. Mr. Harrington holds an MBA from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania, where he was a Palmer Scholar, and a BA from Williams College.
 
 














Yoram “Rami” Abada



Mr. Abada previously served as the President of Factory Direct Enterprises, one of the largest licensees of Ashley Furniture Home stores from March 2015 until March 2016. Most recently, Mr. Abada served as Jennifer Convertibles Inc.’s President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer, as well as a member of its board of directors, from September 1999 until 2014. From 1997 until 2003, Mr. Abada served as a member of the board of directors of CCA Industries, Inc., a public company engaged in the manufacture and distribution of health and beauty aid products, and Mr. Abada currently serves as a member of the board of directors of 168 5th Avenue Realty Corp., a privately held real estate corporation. Mr. Abada holds a B.B.A. from the Bernard Baruch College of the City University of New York.
Mr. Abada’s background and experience as a lead executive officer and board member of public and private companies provides him with extensive knowledge of, and insights into, financial reporting and oversight, corporate strategy and board functions.



















Michael Levit



Mr. Levit is a serial entrepreneur, angel investor, board member and advisor at several prominent Silicon Valley companies including Docker, August, Spigot, Founders Den, Say Media and Revel Systems. Currently, Mr. Levit serves as a Venture Partner at Vision Knight Capital, a private equity fund focused on investments in internet, e-commerce, consumer retail powered by internet and e-commerce, and business-to-business services powered by information technology and internet technology sectors in China. Mr. Levit also currently serves as the Co-Founder and Managing Partner of Founders Den, a shared office space and private club for experienced entrepreneurs and their friends, where he has served since January 2011. 
Mr. Levit has served as the Chief Marketing Officer of Paltalk from July 2004 to October 2006. Mr. Levit holds a B.A. in Business Economics, a B.S. in Mechanical and Environmental Engineering and a Master of Business Economics from the University of California, Santa Barbara.
Mr. Levit’s substantial investment and management experience in the technology, internet and media sectors give him particular insight into the development of early stage companies, as well expertise regarding business strategy, leadership, marketing and strategic transactions.












John Silberstein



Mr. Silberstein has been a member of A.V.M.’s Board of Directors since 1999 and was General Counsel of A.V.M. from 2000 to 2003. He began his career in October 1986 as a real estate attorney at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom, and in April 1989 began working for The Mendik Company, which with its partners, owned and managed a portfolio of twelve million square feet of Class A commercial office buildings in New York City and its suburbs.
He is on the Advisory Board of Willpower Labs, Inc., a startup that makes a weight loss lozenge. Most recently, Mr. Silberstein taught high school English at The Rivers School in Weston, Massachusetts from September 2010 to June 2016. Mr. Silberstein earned a B.A. from Brown University and a J.D. from New York University School of Law.
Mr. Silberstein’s experience representing A.V.M. and other companies in complex and sophisticated matters, as well as his expertise in real estate acquisition and management, provides him with unique insights into business strategy and leadership.

















 Lance Laifer



Mr. Laifer has served as a member of A.V.M.’s Board of Directors since 1999. Mr. Laifer has also served as the Chief Executive Officer of each of Old Forge Media Management and Old Forge Asset Management (together, “Old Forge”), a network of social media advertising and marketing companies, since 2013 and 2011, respectively, as well as the Chief Executive Officer of Laifer Capital Management, Inc., a hedge fund, since 1992. Prior to his service at Old Forge, Mr. Laifer was the Chief Executive Officer of Wapiti Capital Management, LLC. Mr. Laifer also served on the board of directors of ValueVision from 1992 to 1995.
Mr. Laifer’s decades of experience provide him with unique investment and capital market insights, as well as background analyzing the risks and strategies of companies in the social media and online dating industries.


















Overview
Press Releases
Events & Presentations
Quarterly Earnings
SEC Filings
Corporate Information

Management & Directors
Corporate Governance
Annual Reports


Stock Information
Investor FAQs
Investor Alerts
 Investor Relations Contact
mike.cole@mzgroup.us

 













Home | Privacy Policy | Legal | Site Map | Terms of Service | Press Releases | Contact


Copyright ©  2017, All rights reserved 


Paltalk for PC | Paltalk for Mac | Paltalk for iPhone | Paltalk for Android


FirstMet.com | FirstMet on Facebook | FirstMet on iPhone | FirstMet on Android


Snap Interactive, Inc. (“SNAP”) (OTCQB: STVI) develops, owns and operates real-time, rich media social networking and dating applications on desktop and mobile computing platforms.  Supported by a portfolio of 25 patents, SNAP is a leader in real-time video communication, with groundbreaking products powering one of the world’s largest collections of video-based communities. Through brands such as Paltalk, FirstMet, Camfrog and Tinychat, SNAP has helped hundreds of millions of users around the world make meaningful friendships and romantic connections.

 























Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















People: SNAP Interactive Inc (STVI.PK)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologyInternet Services












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				STVI.PK on OTC Markets Group


				3.10USD
19 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    --


					            (--)
					        






Prev Close

$3.10


Open

--




Day's High

--


Day's Low

--




Volume

--


Avg. Vol

2,581




52-wk High

$20.50


52-wk Low

$3.00










	Katz, Jason 





	Mr. Jason Katz is Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Operating Officer of the Company. Mr. Katz is the founder of Paltalk, and has served as its Chief Executive Officer and as a member of its Board of Directors since 1998. In his capacity as an executive officer and director of Paltalk, Mr. Katz oversees the strategic direction of Paltalk and its subsidiaries, and also manages its system infrastructure. Mr. Katz is an authority on instant messaging as well as web-based voice and video. Mr. Katz has appeared at numerous industry forums as well as on Bloomberg Radio and CNN Radio. Prior to Paltalk, Mr. Katz co-founded MJ Capital, a money management firm. Earlier in his career, Mr. Katz was a corporate lawyer at the New York office of Fulbright & Jaworski. Mr. Katz earned a JD from the New York University School of Law (1988) and a BA in Economics from the University of Pennsylvania (1985).



Basic Compensation




Total Annual Compensation, 
--


Restricted Stock Awards, 
--


Long-Term Incentive Plans, 
--


All Other, 
--


Fiscal Year Total, 
--








Options Compensation




 
Quantity
Market Value


Exercisable
--
--


Unexercisable
--
--


Exercised
--
--














					Basic Compensation






Name
Fiscal Year Total




							Jason Katz

--




							Alexander Harrington

632,189




							Judith Krandel

--




							Eric Sackowitz

--




							Arash Vakil

--




							Yoram Abada

--



As Of 
30 Dec 2014

» View All Officers
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologyInternet Services























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







