







Board of Directors | TDK











































































 Shop
Product Selector Guide



 

Search

 









Solutions





Overview
Which Application is right for you?

Mobile
IoT


Automotive
Smart Remotes


Wearables
Drone





Which Solution is right for you?

Motion



9 Axis
7 Axis
6 Axis
3 Axis
2 Axis
1 Axis




Sound



Analog
Digital





Software



SensorStudio
TV
Coursa Retail


EIS
Location
Coursa Sports





Dev Kits



FireFly Dev Kit








Technology





Overview
Which Technology is right for you?

Motion
Location


Imaging


Sound






Developers





Developers Corner


Login
                                                                  |
                                                                  Register



Developers Home
Industrial
Discussion Forum
IoT


Software Downloads
Audio
Support Center & FAQ


InvenSenseTV
Wearable Sensors
Shop the InvenSense Store



InvenSense Shuttle


Login
                                                                  |
                                                                  Register



Shuttle Home



FAQ


Activity Sequence



University Program

University Program


















Behrooz Abdi


Abdi, a member of InvenSense’s board of directors since June 2011, was appointed President and CEO in October 2012, and now serves as General Manager of MEMS Sensors Business Group. Most recently, he served as Executive Vice President and General Manager of NetLogic Microsystems, Inc., a leader in intelligent semiconductor solutions for the Internet. Before this, he served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of RMI Corporation (also known as Raza Microelectronics Inc.), a fabless semiconductor company, from November 2007 to October 2009. He served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of CDMA Technologies (QCT) at Qualcomm, Inc., a provider of wireless technology and services, from March 2004 to November 2007. Prior to joining Qualcomm, he held leadership and engineering positions at Motorola, Inc. where he served as Vice President and General Manager for Motorola’s radio products division, in charge of RF and mixed-signal ICs for the wireless mobile market. He currently is a director at Tabula, Inc. and Exar Corporation.
Abdi holds a BSEE from Montana State University and an MSEE from the Georgia Institute of Technology.






Amir Faintuch


Faintuch currently serves as the corporate senior vice president and general manager of the Platform Engineering Group at Intel Corporation. In this role, he leads numerous worldwide engineering teams that are responsible for the IP design, system-on-chip (SoC) development, manufacturing and validation of the company’s overall chip portfolio across Intel businesses. Faintuch previously served as president, senior vice president and general manager of Qualcomm Atheros, where he helped establish Qualcomm’s position in wireless connectivity and location technologies targeting the mobile, computing and consumer electronics businesses. He also successfully managed the integration of Atheros’ and Qualcomm’s respective mobile connectivity teams, products and technologies following the 2011 Atheros acquisition. Faintuch holds dual master’s degrees in management with an emphasis in high technology from Northwestern University’s Kellogg School of Management and Tel-Aviv University’s Recanati School of Management. Faintuch also holds Bachelor of Science degrees in economics and business management from Haifa University in Israel.






Usama Fayyad


Mr. Fayyad currently serves as Chief Data Officer and Managing Director at Barclays, a position he has held since 2013. Prior to joining Barclays, Mr. Fayyad served as Chairman/CTO of ChoozOn Corporation from 2011 to 2013, a personalized mobile vertical search engine. He also was founder and Executive Chairman of Oasis500 – the largest tech startup accelerator and seed investment fund in the Middle East from 2010 to 2013. Mr. Fayyad was the first ever Chief Data Officer (CDO) when Yahoo! acquired his second startup, DMX Group, appointing him onto its senior executive team in 2004. In 2000 he left his position at Microsoft Corporation, where he led the data mining research and product teams to co-found his first startup: DigiMine (Audience Science) as Chairman and CEO. Prior to Microsoft, he was at NASA’s Jet Propulsion Lab where he led the automated analysis of remote sensing and Big Data in science applications. Mr. Fayyad holds a Ph.D. in Computer Science & Engineering from the University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. He also holds M.S.E. (CSE) and M.Sc. (Mathematics) degrees, in addition to B.S.E.’s in both Electrical and Computer Engineering. Mr. Fayyad is considered one of the founders of the field of Data Mining; is a Fellow of the ACM and AAAI, and a named inventor on over 30 patents.






Emiko Higashi


Higashi is founder and Managing Partner of Tomon Partners, LLC, a mergers and acquisitions and strategy consulting firm. Prior to Tomon Partners, she was a co-founder and chief executive officer of the technology-focused venture capital firm, Gilo Ventures. Higashi previously spent 15 years in investment banking. After beginning her investment banking career at Lehman Brothers, Higashi was a founding member of Wasserstein Parella and the head of that firm’s technology M&A business from 1988 to 1994, and subsequently served as a managing director in charge of Merrill Lynch’s global technology M&A practice Higashi also spent two years as a consultant at McKinsey & Co. in Tokyo, Japan. Higashi received a Bachelor of Arts from International Christian University in Japan and a Master’s in Business Administration from Harvard Business School.






Jon Olson


Jon Olson has served on our board of directors since October 2011. Mr. Olson is the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) at Xilinx, Inc. Mr. Olson joined Xilinx in 2005, and holds responsibility for Finance, Tax, Treasury and Investor Relations as well as IT. Prior to Xilinx, he last served as Vice President of Finance and Enterprise Services at Intel Corp. While serving at Intel for 26 years, Mr. Olson held a variety of senior financial positions, including: Vice President, Finance and Enterprise Services; Director of Finance; Technology and Manufacturing Group Controller; Semiconductor Products Group Controller; and System Manufacturing Group Controller. Before that, he worked for four years at General Signal Corp.
Mr.Olson holds an MBA in Finance from Santa Clara University and a B.S. in accounting from Indiana University.






Amit Shah


Amit Shah has served as a member of our board of directors since April 2004. As a Managing Member of Artiman Management since 2000, he is also currently on the boards of Auryn Inc., Lightwire, Inc., Zyme Solutions, MYNDnet, AbsolutelyNew, Inc., Guavus, Inc., Mastek, Motif, Inc. and ConvergeLabs.
Prior to founding Artiman Management, Mr. Shah founded Anthelion I & II, seed stage venture funds, which he has managed since 1996. From 1998 to 2000, he worked as Vice President of New Markets and Technologies for the Business Development and Alliances Group of Cisco Systems, Inc., a consumer electronics company, and he founded and was Chief Executive Officer of PipeLinks, Inc., an optical network company, until its acquisition by Cisco Systems in 1998. Mr. Shah also founded ZeitNet, a networking systems company, which was acquired by Cabletron Systems in 1996.
Mr. Shah holds a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from The Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda, India and has done graduate work at the University of California, Irvine.






Eric Stang


Eric Stang has served on our board of directors since September 2013. Mr. Stang currently serves as a Director and President and Chief Executive Officer of Ooma, a cloud-based communications and connected services company, a position he has held since January 2009. Prior to joining Ooma, Mr. Stang served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Reliant Technologies, Inc., a developer of medical technology solutions for aesthetic applications, from 2006 to 2008. Mr. Stang previously served as CEO and President of Lexar Media, Inc., a provider of solid state memory products from 2001 to 2006 and Chairman from 2004 to 2006. Mr. Stang also serves on the boards of Rambus and Solta Medical and other private companies.
Mr. Stang received his B.A. from Stanford University and MBA from the Harvard Business School.






Ben Yu


Yunbei “Ben” Yu, Ph.D. has served on our board of directors since March 2008. Dr. Yu also currently serves on the boards of Applied MicroStructures, Inc., MSilica, Inc., Multigig, Inc. and VeriSilicon Holdings Co., Ltd., and serves as an observer on the board of Novariant, Inc. Dr. Yu has previously served on the boards of AuthenTec, Inc. and SyChip Inc. (acquired by Murata Manufacturing Co., Ltd.), and previously served as an observer on the board of Verari Systems. Dr. Yu has served as a Venture Partner or Managing Director at Sierra Ventures since 2000. Prior to joining Sierra Ventures, he worked from 1997 to 2000 at 3Com Corporation, an electronics manufacturer where he held a number of engineering and project management positions.
Dr. Yu received his B.S. from the University of Western Australia and a Ph.D. from Princeton University, both in Electrical Engineering.









SolutionsMobile
Automotive
Wearables
Drones
Smart Remotes
Internet of Things



TechnologyMotion
Imaging
Sound
Location
 

DevelopersSoftware Downloads
InvenSenseTV
IoT
Industrial
Audio
Wearable Design
Discussion Forum
Support Center & FAQ
Shop the InvenSense Store
 

ShuttleIntroduction
FAQ
Activity Sequence
 

CompanyCompany Profile
News/Media
Video/Resources
Management
Distributors
Sales Rep Info
Offices/Contact
University Program
Careers
Downloads
 



Legal | Privacy
Copyright © TDK 2017

 Facebook Linkdin Twiiter Google + 





 























Behrooz L. Abdi - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Behrooz L. Abdi
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer at InvenSense, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Behrooz L. Abdi? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Behrooz L. Abdi's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Behrooz L. Abdi's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Behrooz L. Abdi's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Behrooz L. Abdi through your network of contacts.
												








Behrooz L. Abdi's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, 
InvenSense, Inc.


Board Member, 
Exar Corporation


Past
To view Behrooz L. Abdi's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
56

 
 


Behrooz L. Abdi's Biography



Behrooz Abdi has served on our board of directors since June 2011 and was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer in October 2012. Mr. Abdi served as Executive Vice President and General Manager at NetLogic Microsystems, Inc., a provider of semiconductor solutions, from 2009 to 2011. Mr. Abdi served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of RMI Corporation (formerly Raza Microelectronics Inc.), a fabless semiconductor company, from 2007 to 2009. He served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of CDMA Technologies (QCT) at QUALCOMM Incorporated, a provider of wireless technology and services, from 2004 to 2007. Prior to jo ...
(Read More)

			Behrooz Abdi has served on our board of directors since June 2011 and was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer in October 2012. Mr. Abdi served as Executive Vice President and General Manager at NetLogic Microsystems, Inc., a provider of semiconductor solutions, from 2009 to 2011. Mr. Abdi served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of RMI Corporation (formerly Raza Microelectronics Inc.), a fabless semiconductor company, from 2007 to 2009. He served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of CDMA Technologies (QCT) at QUALCOMM Incorporated, a provider of wireless technology and services, from 2004 to 2007. Prior to joining Qualcomm, he held leadership and engineering positions of increasing responsibility at Motorola, Inc. in its Semiconductor Products Sector (SPS). From 1999 to 2003, he served as Vice President and General Manager for Motorola's radio products division, in charge of RF and mixed signal ICs for the wireless mobile market. He currently serves as a director at Tabula, Inc., Encore Semi and Exar Corporation (NYSE: EXAR), a provider of high performance mixed-signal integrated circuits and sub-system solutions for networking and telecommunications, and industrial markets. Mr. Abdi served as the Chairman and director of SMSC Storage, Inc. (formerly Symwave, Inc.), from 2009 to 2010 and as a director of RMI Corporation from 2007 to 2009. Mr. Abdi holds a B.S. from Montana State University and an M.S. from the Georgia Institute of Technology, both in Electrical Engineering.   We believe Mr. Abdi's qualifications to serve on our board of directors include his 27 years of experience in the semiconductor industry, his track record of growing profitable businesses and his experience as a board member of various public and private semiconductor and technology companies.
		
Source: InvenSense, Inc. on 07/29/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Behrooz L. Abdi's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Behrooz L. Abdi. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Behrooz L. Abdi's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Behrooz L. Abdi's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Behrooz L. Abdi through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Behrooz L. Abdi


















Behrooz L. Abdi's Connections (68)





Sign up now to view Behrooz L. Abdi's 68 connections »









Emiko Higashi
Board Member, KLA-Tencor Corporation









Jon A. Olson
Board Member, InvenSense, Inc.









Amir Faintuch
Board Member, InvenSense, Inc.









Usama M. Fayyad
Board Member, InvenSense, Inc.









Ning Chang
Former Senior Vice President, Sales Greater China, Exar Corporation









Dennis L. Segers
Board Member, Xilinx, Inc.









Amit Shah
Board Member, InvenSense, Inc.









Mozafar Maghsoudnia
Vice President, Technology and Worldwide Manufacturing, InvenSense, Inc.









Gary F. Hromadko
Board Member, Equinix, Inc.









Richard L. Leza
Former Interim Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board, Exar Corporation








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













    Behrooz Abdi | InvenSense Inc | ZoomInfo.com


Behrooz L Abdi - Los Gatos, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Behrooz L Abdi in Los Gatos, CA


Behrooz L Abdi

                                                                           Intelius found that Behrooz L Abdi  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Los Gatos, CA.  We have connected them to
                16 addresses,
                11 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Behrooz L Abdi is in his 50s

Behrooz Has Lived In

Los Gatos, CA
Santa Clara, CA
Gilbert, AZ

Behrooz's Relatives

Sharon Abdi







Behrooz L Abdi



Zodiac SignSagittarius



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chief Executive Officer and President at Netlogic Microsystems Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Behrooz? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Behrooz, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Behrooz L Abdi
Get a Criminal Check on Behrooz L Abdi
Get a Public Record Report on Behrooz L Abdi
Get a People Search Report on Behrooz L Abdi


Behrooz L Abdi's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Behrooz L Abdi has lived as well as Behrooz L Abdi's phone numbers and email addresses.




Behrooz L Abdi Has Lived in 3 States
California Address for Behrooz L Abdi


14555 C******** D* 

Los Gatos, CA


Has Lived In

Los Gatos, CA
Santa Clara, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Behrooz L Abdi

() ***-**** - Los Gatos, CA 
(408) ***-**** - Cupertino, CA 
(408) ***-**** - San Jose, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Behrooz L Abdi

r****0@***.com
r**c@***.com
b***i@***.com


Get Email Report




Behrooz L Abdi's Professional Information
Information regarding Behrooz L Abdi's professional history.  Find out previous places Behrooz L Abdi has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Behrooz L Abdi Has Worked at 12 Places
Company: Netlogic Microsystems Inc
               Title: Chief Executive Officer and President
Company: Netlogic Microsystems Inc
               Title: Executive Vice President and Gm
Behrooz L Abdi's Experience
Title: Chief Executive Officer and President
               Company: Netlogic Microsystems Inc
Job Details
               NetLogic Microsystems, Inc. (NASDAQ: NETL) is a worldwide leader in high-performance intelligent semiconductor solutions that are powering next-generation Internet networks. NetLogic Microsystems best-in-class products perform highly differentiated tasks of accelerating complex network traffic to significantly enhance the performance and functionality of advanced 3G/4G mobile wireless infrastructure, data center, enterprise, metro Ethernet, edge and core infrastructure networks. NetLogic Microsystems market-leading product portfolio includes high-performance multi-core processors, knowledge-based processors, content processors, network search engines, digital front-end processors, high-speed 10/40/100 Gigabit Ethernet PHY solutions and ultra low-power embedded processors. These products are designed into high-performance systems such as switches, routers, wireless base stations, security appliances, networked storage appliances, service gateways and connected media devices offered by leading original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). NetLogic Microsystems is headquartered in Santa Clara, California, and has offices and design centers throughout North America, Asia and Europe.
Title: Executive Vice President and Gm
               Company: Netlogic Microsystems Inc
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Behrooz L Abdi

 See Behrooz L Abdi's LinkedIn Profile



Behrooz L Abdi's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Behrooz L Abdi


Behrooz L Abdi's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Behrooz L Abdi's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Behrooz Abdi
Username Matches

                  BehroozAbdi
                  AbdiBehrooz
                  Behrooz.Abdi
                  Abdi.Behrooz
                  Behrooz_Abdi
                  Abdi_Behrooz
                  Behrooz-Abdi
                  Abdi-Behrooz
                  BAbdi
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
B Abdi







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














EXAR Behrooz L. Abdi Insider Trades for Exar Corp.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Exar Corp.

                  NYSE: EXAR
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Exar Corp.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
May 11, 2017, 4:00 p.m.


EXAR

/quotes/zigman/20035447/realtime


$
12.99




Change

-0.01
-0.08%

Volume
Volume 453,838
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/20035447/realtime
Previous close

$
			13.00
		


$
				12.99
			
Change

-0.01
-0.08%





Day low
Day high
$12.99
$13.00










52 week low
52 week high

            $6.12
        

            $13.04
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Behrooz L. Abdi



Mr. Behrooz L. Abdi is Independent Director at Exar Corp. and President, Chief Executive Officer & Director at InvenSense, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Exar Corp., InvenSense, Inc., and Tabula, Inc.
Mr. Abdi was previously employed as Executive Vice President & General Manager by NetLogic Microsystems, Inc., Chairman by Symwave, Inc., President & Chief Executive Officer by RMI Corp., Senior Vice President & General Manager by QUALCOMM, Inc., VP & General Manager-Radio Products Division by Motorola, Inc., Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer by Raza Microelectronics, Inc., Senior Vice President & General Manager by Freescale Semiconductor, Inc., and Senior Vice President & General Manager by QUALCOMM CDMA Technologies.
He received his undergraduate degree from Montana State University and a graduate degree from the Georgia Institute of Technology.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





10/03/2016
7,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/01/2015
7,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/01/2014
7,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/01/2013
7,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/01/2012
27,540


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Daniel W. Wark 
Vice President-Worldwide Operations




Mr. Keith  Tainsky 
Chief Financial Officer




Mr. Dimitry  Goder 
Senior Vice President-Research & Development




Mr. Hung Pham Le 
Senior Vice President-IC Engineering




Mr. James  Lougheed 
Vice President-Sales & Marketing




Ms. Sherry  Lin 
Chief Accounting Officer & Controller




Ms. Diane  Hill 
Vice President-Human Resources




Ms. Jessica  Wu 
Secretary & Legal Counsel









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




7:09 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:46pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
6:45pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
6:08pPayPal earnings: A boost from partnerships, but are the benefits already priced in?
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
5:24pMcCain Returns to Senate With Strong Comments on Health Care
5:24pUniversal Health Services shares drop on earnings, outlook
5:19pWhy you should avoid Jared Kushner’s weirdly casual approach to meetings
5:15pHealth-Care Debate Moves Forward in Senate
5:15pHere’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
5:06pUSANA Health Sciences shares drop after company misses earnings, cuts outlook
5:03pWells Fargo raises dividend by 3% to 39 cents a share
5:00pWhy oil prices scored their biggest one-day rally of 2017
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































InvenSense (INVN) Behrooz L. Abdi on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»InvenSense (INVN) Behrooz L. Abdi on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptAug. 4.15 | About: InvenSense (INVN) InvenSense, Inc. (NYSE:INVN)
Q1 2016 Earnings Call
August 04, 2015 4:30 pm ET
Executives
Leslie K. Green - Principal, Green Communications Consulting LLC
Mark Dentinger - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Analysts
Cody G. Acree - Ascendiant Capital Markets LLC
Matthew D. Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.
Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Suji De Silva - Topeka Capital Markets
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Theodore Joseph Moreau - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.
Mark T. Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Jagadish Iyer - Redstone Technology Research
Tom Sepenzis - Northland Capital Markets
Richard Cutts Shannon - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC
Krishna Shankar - ROTH Capital Partners LLC
Operator
Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2016 InvenSense, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Whitley and I'll be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes.
I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Leslie Green, Investor Relations of InvenSense. Please proceed.
Leslie K. Green - Principal, Green Communications Consulting LLC
Thank you, Whitley and good afternoon everyone. I'd like to begin our call with a Safe Harbor disclaimer related to forward-looking statements. Statements in this conference call that are not historical are forward-looking statements as the term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are generally in the future tense and/or preceded by the words such as will, expect, anticipates, or other words that imply or predict a future state.
Forward-looking statements include any projection of revenue, gross margin, inventories, expense or other financial items discussed in this conference call, including the state of our customer, design pipeline, the impact of product yields and inventory carrying values, and the potential for retention, loss or gains in our share of various product categories and segments.
Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainty that can cause actual results to differ from those currently anticipated due to a number of factors. We encourage you to review the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in today's earnings release and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 30, 2015, subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, recent current reports on Form 8-K and other documents filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time-to-time.
Copies of InvenSense's SEC filings are posted on the company's website and are therefore available from the company without charge. Forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this conference call and the company does not undertake any obligation to update its forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances.
With that, let me introduce Mark Dentinger, InvenSense's Chief Financial Officer. Mark?
Mark Dentinger - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Thanks, Leslie. I'll start with comments on our Q1 fiscal 2016 performance, and then I'll turn it over to Behrooz for his thoughts on the quarter and a strategic update. Finally, I'll conclude our prepared remarks with guidance for Q2.
Most of my commentary on our income statement will refer to our non-GAAP presentation. The balance sheet and cash flow data are presented and discussed in GAAP format only. There was a $0.20 per share after-tax difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP operating results this quarter. On a non-GAAP basis, we earned $0.14 per share, and on a GAAP basis, we posted a $0.06 loss. The $0.20 difference consisted of the following: $0.14 for a normal recurring reconciling items, including removing stock-based compensation, accreting interest on our convertible notes, and amortization of intangibles from acquisitions from our GAAP results; $0.11 for a Q1 charge related to a tentative patent cross license with one of our primary competitors; and a $0.05 after-tax GAAP credit as a result of reducing our estimated net earnout payments from the acquisitions of Movea and TPI last year. A complete reconciliation is attached to our release and available on our website.

Total revenue for Q1 was $106.3 million, which represents a 7% sequential increase from last quarter and a 59% increase over the same quarter a year ago. Our Q1 2016 versus Q4 2015 revenue breakdown by market segment was as follows; smartphones and tablets were 72% of total revenue in Q1, up from 71% in Q4; Optical Image Stabilization was 16% in Q1 versus 18% in Q4; and all other segments, including IoT, were 12% in Q1, up from 11% in Q4. There were three customers who individually accounted for more than 10% of our sales in Q1, and those customers generated 38%, 23% and 10% of our Q1 revenue. There were two 10% plus customers in Q4, and individually they contributed 32% and 29% of our Q4 revenue.
Geographically, based on the headquarters of our end customers, the Q1 versus Q4 revenue breakdown was as follows; the U.S. was 41% of revenue in Q1, up from 36% in Q4; Korea was 27% in Q1, down from 34% in Q4; China was 23% this quarter, up from 18% in Q4; Japan was 4% in Q1, even with Q4; Taiwan was 3% in Q1, down from 6% in Q4; and the rest of world was 2% in Q1, which is even with Q4. In Q1, our non-GAAP cost of revenue was $58.9 million, resulting in a non-GAAP gross profit of $47.4 million, or a 45% non-GAAP gross margin. Non-GAAP operating expenses for Q1 were $32 million, about even with what we spent in Q4; research and development expenses were $21.6 million, up about $200,000 from last quarter; SG&A expenses were $10.4 million in Q1, down from $10.7 million we posted last quarter.
Our non-GAAP tax rate for Q1 was 15%, up slightly from the 12% we reported in Q4. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.14 in Q1, compared with $0.12 in Q4. The average shares outstanding for Q1 were 93 million compared with 92.6 million in Q4. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $242 million in cash and investments. During Q1, we generated about $25 million in cash flow from operations versus $52 million generated during Q4. We spent about $2 million on capital investments in Q1. DSOs were 43 days in Q1 versus 41 days in Q4. Net inventories decreased by $11 million since the end of Q4. And inventory turnover, based upon GAAP cost of revenue, was 3.7 turns this quarter versus 3.0 turns in Q4. Total head count increased by 21 during Q1, and we ended the quarter with 665 employees. We expect our head count to increase slightly during Q2.
Now, let me turn the call over to Behrooz for his thoughts on the quarter and an update on our strategic initiatives. Behrooz?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thank you, Mark. This was a solid quarter for us, with both revenue and profits slightly higher than expected. Our performance reflected InvenSense's strong market position in our core motion products across the majority of mobile OEMs, as well as the continued adoption of gyro-enabled Optical Image Stabilization, or OIS, by major OEMs worldwide.
In addition, we continue to gain traction with our new motion, audio, and software solutions, building a design win portfolio that we expect will meaningfully contribute to revenues later this fiscal year. Our software-enriched sensor platform is enabling innovative use cases across a number of vertical markets, providing further validation of the SoC strategy that we began implementing in 2012. From a geographic perspective, we continue to gain share in North America while extending our performance leadership, positioning us to capture the majority of next generation platform.
In Korea, we continue to see adoption of OIS for all major flagship smartphones, resulting in more design wins and greater content opportunities for us going forward. While OEMs in this region continue to aggressively drive cost reduction, OIS has the possibility to penetrate lower tier homes with additional revenue potential. In China and other regions, the smartphone market continues to evolve in our favor, enhancing the value of our software-enabled sensor platform. The application processor market in China has become far more fragmented, giving rise to a wide variety of solutions with the capabilities to process and manage sensor data. At the same time, Chinese smartphone OEMs are becoming increasingly sophisticated in their desire to use sensor technology as a means to differentiate their products.

Taken together, these drivers underscore the value of our sensor solution strategy and the use cases envisioned when we began investing in software nearly three years ago. While we continue to drive raw sensor performance, with our complete sensor framework, we can manage much of the sensor calibration and fusion functions directly on our device. This released the OEMs and the application processor suppliers of the task of buying or building a solution to accommodate their requirements and enabling faster time to market. We are gaining exciting design win traction with our FireFly product family, a highly integrated three processor SoC with our proprietary software arts (9:32) picture.
Announced earlier this year, FireFly products allow customers to greatly reduce system power, work space and cost, while enabling complex multi-sensory data processing for applications such as optical and electronic image stabilization, navigation, and audio. OEMs can also take advantage of the open platforms with an embedded ARM core and sensor processor cores to differentiate their products with their own application algorithms. Our FireFly solution is currently part of the tier 1 reference design in mobile, and we are encouraged by its potential to drive adoption in China over the coming year. We're also excited about FireFly's potential outside of mobile.
We expect to ramp a health and fitness wearable design in the next few quarters, and we are gaining design traction in drones, as well as strong interest in a variety of other non-mobile applications within the smartphone, gaming, industrial and automotive markets. From a use case perspective, image stabilization has continued to grow as a major driver for our revenue base, customer diversification and competitive differentiation. InvenSense has taken a significant competitive lead in Optical Image Stabilization for mobile devices where adoption has increased year-on-year. We believe OIS adoption and attach rates will continue to increase in the future as OEMs worldwide leverage premium image quality as a key differentiating factor.
Furthermore, we believe this technology has horizontal applicability (11:15) across a number of verticals, including drones, automotive cameras, security and other industrial applications. InvenSense has also taken an early lead in Electronic Image Stabilization or EIS, which reduces video jitter due to hand motion. Similar to OIS, EIS provides a greatly enhanced user experience and another differentiating feature for OEMs. Today, EIS and OIS are considered premium features that drive high sensor performance and integration. But we are beginning to see these technologies designed into midrange products as well. Further, we are actively developing unique capabilities to enable more mass market adoption.
For example, OEMs are expressing interest in leveraging multiple OIS enabled cameras for device for both standard imaging and video capabilities, as well as advanced 3D photography. Some OEMs may choose to have multiple discrete modules, while others are expressing interest in accomplishing certain OIS functionality through software and algorithms that run on the mainboard 6-axis MotionTracking device. We are uniquely positioned to provide these capabilities today. Through our recently announced M-2 series 6-axis SoC that includes image stabilization hardware and algorithms. It greatly simplifies the software development requirements for our OEM customers, and provides a premium imaging experience for the end user.
This industry leading device also includes AlwaysOn activity classification, device context gesture detection, pedometer functionality, run-time calibration and 6-axis, 7-axis and 9-axis sensor fusion. The value added capabilities of the M-2 family increase the stickiness of our design wins, and allows to have a more strategic and collaborative relationship with our customers. Following the image stabilization, navigation and context are the next most common use cases driving sensor adoption and performance. One challenge with existing location technologies such as GNSS is that on their own they cannot provide full uninterrupted coverage in urban canyons, parking structures and indoor locations. They also consume too much battery power to be always on. Our sensor assisted positioning technology addresses these challenges by providing and intelligently processing the flow of motion sensor data for precise navigation experience, substantially eliminating the location drift that often occurs with GPS alone.

The InvenSense Positioning Library can uniquely fuse multiple location technologies to offer accurate AlwaysOn position when paired with our 6-axis, 7-axis or 9-axis MotionTracking SoCs. We are currently shipping the InvenSense Positioning Library to a major smartphone OEM and are in software trials at several global brands. Similar to the manner in which OIS market developed, our first initial navigation design traction is coming from mobile, but we are also seeing active interest from a highly diverse customer set outside of mobile, including wearables, drones, automotive and industrial verticals, as well as application layer customers looking to license this product as a standalone software suite.
Turning to audio, with the release earlier this year of our newest suite of microphone and related products, InvenSense has taken a leading position in high-end analog audio performance. These small footprint, low power, and high fidelity devices are allowing us to win designs in applications such as smart home and business communications where performance is the leading factor in our selection, as well as in wearable devices where size is a critical design consideration. We expect to see revenue from these applications and others by the end of our fiscal year. While the mobile market still lags behind other verticals in its requirement for high-end audio performance, we do believe that sound quality particularly for video will eventually become a competitive differentiator in the same way that OIS has become a differentiator for image quality.
We're likely to see our first design wins from tier 2 and tier 3 OEMs, creating a new standard for consumer expectations. Further, we are at the forefront of the market disruption from digital MEMS microphones, which is likely to occur over the next several years. Digital audio will enable a whole new array of AlwaysOn smart microphone capabilities across numerous applications. Unlike analog audio which must be converted to a digital signal inside a codec before being passed on to a core processor, a digital audio signal can be directly accessed and fused with other sensor data and managed under sensor platform, allowing the microphone to remain continuously active for voice commands and contextual awareness.
We announced our first family of digital microphones earlier this year, and are seeing early interest at a number of mobile OEMs, as well as design win success in wearable applications. Taken in total, imaging, navigation and audio provides significant use cases for the continued proliferation of sensor technology in both mobile and non-mobile applications. InvenSense uniquely offers a complete sensor platform to process, manage and fuse the data for greater sensor intelligence and ease of use for our customers. We are excited to see this platform strategy coming to bear with early success from major smartphone OEMs in China, and we believe that customers across a number of vertical markets and applications will derive significant value from our robust capabilities.
Looking forward, we're excited about our future opportunities. While we have built up our financial strength and scale, we also have built the strongest portfolio of solutions in our company's history. We are seeing the market evolve towards the adoption of new use cases and improved features, which in turn drive higher performance and integration and play well into our strength. These include image stabilization, navigation and AlwaysOn audio that are optimized through tight integration of hardware and software capabilities. These use cases are in demand across a number of vertical markets, providing us with great opportunity to reach beyond mobile in the coming years.
In the near term, we're maintaining a strong market position with our core 6-axis products, and are enjoying the increasing demand for our OIS solutions. We expect that our new motion and audio products to begin contributing to revenue during this fiscal year providing incremental growth opportunity, diversification, and margin benefits in the quarters to come.

With that I'll turn the call back to Mark for guidance for the second fiscal quarter of 2016. Mark?
Mark Dentinger - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Thank you, Behrooz. For Q2 fiscal 2016 we are estimating that total revenue will be within a range of $106 million to $114 million. Our expectations for non-GAAP gross margins in Q2 is a range between 44% and 45%. Non-GAAP operating expenses are expected to increase slightly in Q2. Our non-GAAP net other expense and our tax rate should be about flat with Q1. Non-GAAP EPS should be within a range of $0.13 to $0.15 per share, assuming an average share count of about 94 million. If you are modeling us on a GAAP basis, our gross margins should be between 41% and 42%, and GAAP EPS should be between a $0.01 loss and a $0.02 gain in Q2.
This concludes our prepared remarks, and now I'll turn the call back over to our operator, Whitley, for your questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Your first question comes from the line of Cody Acree with Ascendiant Capital. Please proceed.
Cody G. Acree - Ascendiant Capital Markets LLC
Thanks guys for taking my questions. Looks like maybe guidance was a little lighter than expected, Behrooz. Could you maybe talk about what you're seeing particularly in China? Are you dealing with some of the same excess of inventory that some of the other OEMs are or other component vendors are?
Mark Dentinger - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Yeah, hi Cody, this is Mark. A couple of things about Q2. It was a little bit short of what the mid-point was for the consensus as we entered the earning season that is true. We are a little concerned with the macro issues that we are hearing about some of it is China growth and some of the consumer sentiment coming out of the United States. So we're trying to factor that into the overall guidance that we'd put together. I'd still point out that even with that having been said, it is still a 22% plus year-over-year increase in the top line, and we also can see margin leverage coming throughout this year when we pencil out the whole year. So while it is a little bit light relative to what we were thinking probably three months ago, I do think overall it still represents a pretty sound and solid growth story.
Cody G. Acree - Ascendiant Capital Markets LLC
And Mark are you dealing with excess of inventory, or do you think it's simply an issue of maybe waning demand, and given your gross margin guidance it looks like maybe your mix is shifting towards some of the larger OEMs, is that a correct read?
Mark Dentinger - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
That's a pretty fair read. Overall, right now where our senses is that, our yields are stabilizing, the pricing environment seems about static with what we've experienced in the last couple of quarters, but we do have to factor into the account that we – that our success with large customers on one hand also comes with a price, and that is that they do get volume discounts, and that's certainly a factor creeping into the guidance.
Cody G. Acree - Ascendiant Capital Markets LLC
And then just lastly with what's going on in China, I guess how much visibility do you really have? Some OEM or some component vendors have characterized there's a few weeks of inventory. Do you get a sense for what's the runway you've got to deal with before maybe you get back to some normalization?
Mark Dentinger - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Well we have decent visibility into the quarter in the sense that I would describe it as probably eight weeks. So as we enter the quarter we have pretty good visibility into the first couple of months. The third month obviously we've taken order and process it, and that's obviously where we are a little bit more vulnerable to changes in demand. So I would say our visibility is pretty good. There is nothing indicating that there are major macro problems coming out of China yet, but we're trying to be cautious about how strong the consumer sentiment is going to be there.

Cody G. Acree - Ascendiant Capital Markets LLC
Okay. Great. Thank you, guys.
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thank you.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed.
Matthew D. Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.
Good afternoon, gentlemen. Thank you very much. Behrooz, maybe you could talk a little bit about with respect to the guidance that you are thinking about seasonal characteristics of some of your big customers seeing any difference than they were last year. Obviously, you guys have won business year-over-year with the major new customers, so the growth rate on a year-over-basis Q1 to Q2 are quite different. And is there anything that you are thinking about from a launch cadence of major platforms that might be different or share shifts around to explain that in addition to just what (23:42) Cody asked about in China? Thanks.
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah, with regards to new customers, quite frankly in North America, the share continues to increase. Last year we were growing in all the platforms, some of the legacy platforms we were in, obviously, this year is a little bit different, so our share in North America has gone up. In terms of the seasonality of the market, award the (24:06) product launches and all that, obviously I can't comment to any particular platforms or customers other than, we don't see a marked difference versus last year. And then I think really, it's mostly a lot of the sentiments that you hear around the guidance is mostly around the macro. I mean, there is share shift within the customers. There is movement within the customers, but it's mostly around the macro, and we're just trying to adjust our sentiment with the whole macro consumer right now. And as we get more visibility, hopefully we'll be in a better shape to answer that question little bit – with more clarity.
Mark Dentinger - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Yeah, I might add just a little color to that, in the sense that, if there is – the one area that is a little less certain right now is mobile. And right now, the concern in our mobile distribution is that that may not continue with the growth rate that we had seen previously. The other aspects of the business, I think the DOIS (25:10) story continues to be pretty strong, and I also think that as we move to the middle of the year, you're going to see more contribution from other markets as we spread our wings a little bit. But if mobile continues strong, and we're looking at 30% unit growth year-over-year, we'll be fine. But if that takes a headwind, that's still 70% of the picture, and we have to take that into account.
Matthew D. Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.
Understood. Thanks for the color there. Mark, as a follow up, maybe you could expand a little bit about the IP cross-licensing agreement that you mentioned in the prepared remarks, and I guess the financial terms of that, and any details that you could provide there would be really helpful. Thanks.
Mark Dentinger - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Yeah. So I have good news and bad news there. I can't share everything that I'd like to share about it yet. We have not formally consummated the arrangement, but we are further – far enough down the line where we were able to set up the accrual in Q1. And just a couple of additional pieces of data. It is a broad patent cross-license. It is with a significant competitor. We have been in discussion for a while with the counterparty. The arrangement is not yet complete, but it's far enough along where we were able to release some information about it this quarter. The details will remain confidential, but we'll get a market update when we do formalize it. And we recorded, in the quarter, a GAAP-only charge of about $11.7 million. There will be little impact to the financials going forward, as most of the financial impact was again reflected in the $11.7 million. So unfortunately, it's probably about as far as I can go today with what we know and to honor the process of getting to a final agreement.

Matthew D. Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.
All right. Thanks guys. Fair enough, I'll jump back in the queue.
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Okay.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Ruben Roy with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Thank you. Behrooz, you talked about some of your new product areas and expansion of technology, software, et cetera, relative to longer-term stickiness of design wins. Can you characterize design activity relative to your large customers, and some of these new technology offerings that you bring to the table versus, I guess, what I would call emerging market customers? Are you seeing more initial interest and activity in emerging markets, or are the large customers also signing on to some of these areas?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah, for the most part, as we've always said, when it comes to software and products such as FireFly, for example, where you have more of the SoC, it applies mostly to the emerging markets who want to compete against the larger OEMs. The larger OEMs, what they want is raw performance, for the most part. Again, within that, there is different categories. So what we've done is, over the last couple years, we've continued to push the performance bar on the gyro and accelerometer, and every part that we do, it has better performance, lower size, lower power, and that satisfies the larger OEM. So in that case, where really the focus remains on raw performance, both on the motion and on audio with the new products. So we do have a goal of gaining more content with the tier 1, with the bigger OEMs, through just mostly hardware.
On the emerging market, it's really a continuum, it's a range in terms of anything from just software that runs on their processors to us offloading all the processing into our chip, and taken on use cases such as OIS, EIS and taking care of all that processing inside a chip like a FireFly. So that's the continuum, but it's really the software part of it's more targeted towards the emerging markets – and other markets outside of mobile, wearables, drones things like that.
Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Great. That's helpful. And I just had a follow-up for Mark. Mark, you mentioned that you expect to see some margin leverage coming throughout the rest of the year. What are the moving parts behind that? Do you think gross margins come back up to sort of the mid-40%s area that you're kind of targeting, or is this a combination of that and maybe lower OpEx growth?
Mark Dentinger - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Yeah, actually, I think that the gross margins – I don't think that they're going to increase materially from here. Our guide for next quarter is right around mid-40%s, but we are slightly on the low side, so I understand the nuance there. And I think we are here in this position for the next couple of quarters, and then I think towards the end of the year, if all the tea leaves come to bear, with the new products coming in and us coming up to speed with the new product yields and so on and so forth, I think there's a chance for some slight leverage coming out of Q4 of this year. So I think the gross margin profile is going to be mid-40%ish this year. Starting out a little bit higher than that, maybe slightly below the mid-40% point during the middle of the year, and then hopefully creeping back towards the mid-40%s at the end of the year.
I think on the operating expense side, we're fairly fully invested right now. And although I mentioned in my comments that we do expect some slight head count growth increase, we think the operating expense profile that we experienced in Q1 will be with us for the rest of the year, maybe a slight, very slight, quarter-to-quarter increase, but we definitely believe that we've got the resources in place to fulfill the product road maps, to get the customer sampling done, and actually set us up for an aggressive growth 2017. But at this point, we're also being cautious on the spending side, just because we want to hedge the macro circumstance. All of that comes to pass, we will get P&L leverage out of the growth this year.

Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Very helpful. Thank you, Mark.
Mark Dentinger - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Sure.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Suji De Silva with Topeka. Please proceed.
Suji De Silva - Topeka Capital Markets
Hi Behrooz, hi Mark. You talked in the prepared remarks about moving some of the premium smartphone into the mainstream. Can you elaborate on that, and how soon you think that happens, and what the ASP and gross margin impact of that penetration would be?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah, this was mostly related to the image stabilization, functions like EIS and OIS. EIS, well probably, you're going to see it sooner because it does not require a more sophisticated camera module. You don't need the moving lens and all the mechanics that go around it. OIS will be a little bit further behind. It requires more heavy lifting both on the hardware as well as the software. But we are seeing quite a bit of traction with that and the reason for that, Suji is that, quite frankly, even the smartphone, even at the high-end, they're driving the imaging as a key differentiator, but when you go to the mid-tier, it's really getting harder and harder for the OEMs to differentiate. The one or two things that we see that's coming up, that's very significant is image quality, camera quality. And we are starting to see a very, very strong pull for that from the OEMs. So in the mid-tier, I would expect that we'll start seeing some features creep into this in the second half of the year, in terms of design wins. And then OIS, I think the design wins into the mid-tier, probably by the end of the year, and then revenue more significant revenue through next year.
Suji De Silva - Topeka Capital Markets
Great. That's helpful. And then also in the prepared remarks you discussed the Korean customers pretty well above the size (33:33) focusing on cost reductions. What does that – what impact does that have on you in terms of (33:40), how you try to meet their requirements to try and reduce costs?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Obviously, we go through the normal pricing negotiations that we've always done. But really the impact is that they are going to more heavily drive multi-sourcing and we have seen that. We've always said that they've always wanted to multi-source their platforms where performance matters, and they don't have a choice and I think we're really well positioned there. Sockets like OIS, we have a bit stronger position. And then there is platforms quite frankly that it's all about cost and gyros just a checkmark, and we are going to be more disciplined about going after those sockets because the only thing they care about is pricing, and we are going to be moving away from some of those sockets quite frankly.
Suji De Silva - Topeka Capital Markets
Great. Helpful color, Behrooz. Thank you.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Tristan Gerra with Baird. Please proceed.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Hi, good afternoon. In the past you've talked about some cost reduced versions of your gyroscopes. Is there one coming up, and I apologize if I missed the commentary on the call, and if not, is it fair to assume that your gross margin notably (35:05) your largest customer could erode as you're entering the second year of design win, and basically you potentially have the same cost structure with eroding pricing?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Well, there is a number of knobs as you noticed into the margin, one is on the pricing, and then the other one is of course on the cost structure. On the pricing, I feel that what we're seeing – we're actually seeing an interesting trend in market with some of the tier 1s driving performance. And as they drive performance and we believe that we have a lead on the performance, we believe that pricing pressure in those sockets is not as prevalent as some of the other sockets. So I think in terms of pricing in some cases may not be in some sockets may not erode as much as the other one. So there is some pricing leverage as we go into next generation of products. More importantly on the cost structure, we haven't announced any cost reduced or gyros or next generation gyros yet. But I can tell you that the technology doesn't stop. So there is definitely activity that's going on, we just haven't announced anything, and haven't prepared anything for an announcement or release to the market yet. But there is definitely activity on the cost reduction. So in terms of margin erosion, obviously, we are taking steps in both of those directions, in terms of performance increase and cost reduction.

Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Okay. And then in terms of the 7-axis, is that still relevant, are you seeing still interest in terms of customers wanting to integrate the pressure sensor, or is that a market that is really staying as a niche, and what is the demand overall for pressure sensor in smartphones?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
That's a really good question. It has been a niche. There are some phones that actually have that, and the use cases haven't come into bear yet. We believe that significant use case will be around navigation and context. And context is nice to have but navigation at some point may even become mandatory, indoor navigation for things like E911 (37:28). So from a technology standpoint we continue to drive it. Today, we have design in activity outside of mobile in some other verticals with our 7-axis. In mobile, most likely we'll start with tier 2, tier 3s, and again will be bundled with our navigation software. But I think that the time hasn't come yet, but it will be here in the next couple of years, but we definitely continue to drive the technology.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Okay. And then last quick one. Inspite of your guidance could you provide some read as to the sequential change for your smartphone versus the OIS business?
Mark Dentinger - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
You mean as we look forward, we typically don't guide that, but I will give you some just directional feel. I would expect going forward that the OIS business will continue to be strong. I suspect that as a contribution of our total revenue the mobile market will decrease a little bit, and I think you're going to start to see increasing contribution from some of the other markets that we've talked about.
Tristan Gerra - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Great. Thank you very much.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Ted Moreau with Barrington Research. Please proceed.
Theodore Joseph Moreau - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.
Well, thank you very much. I was wondering if your visibility today is the same as at this point a quarter ago. When you guided for fiscal Q1 did you see eight weeks of visibility?
Mark Dentinger - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
I would say our visibility today Ted is a little less clear than it was at the same point that we guided when we talked to you 90 days ago.
Theodore Joseph Moreau - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.
Okay. And so that would be more of a standard what you saw going into this current quarter, will be more of a standard what you typically see then?
Mark Dentinger - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Yeah, it's a little hard to see. I haven't (39:27) been here that long, but I would say it's a little bit less than what we've seen in the last two quarters or three quarters. I think that's fair.
Theodore Joseph Moreau - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.
Okay. And can you share if possible what the potential margin trajectory could be on the cross patent agreement, and any upstreams related to those, or is it way too early to figure that all?
Mark Dentinger - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Yeah, it's pretty early to figure that out. All I would say is that the near-term effects are probably going to be very, will be nil. The margin visibility that we have right now is confined basically to the next quarter and so to the rest of this year. And what the impact of the patent cross license, hard to tell at this point. We do think it's going to free us up and enable us to proceed into some new horizons, but more to come on that.
Theodore Joseph Moreau - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.
Okay. Fair enough. Thank you so much. I'll pass the line.

Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Mark T. Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Yes, good afternoon, and thanks so much for taking the questions. I was hoping, first, if we could get a little bit more of an update on seasonality for the second half of the fiscal year. And historically the December quarter, on a quarter-on-quarter basis it's been, there's been a wide range, but the median and averages both on the top line, up slightly. Mark, you already talked about, if I heard correctly, gross margin comes down potentially in the December quarter. So maybe you can just help us understand what sort of top line trajectory you have in mind, and how you think at this point revenue may compare to seasonality.
Mark Dentinger - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Yeah Mark, I didn't – let me try to clarify my statements. What I think is that the gross margin profile that we sort of guided for Q2 will probably replicate itself in Q3. Don't write that down on stone because there's a lot of variables that happen between now and when we get there. But I think that the margin profile, I don't think gets appreciably better, nor do I think it will get appreciably worse, we'll update you in 90 days on that. With respect to the revenue profile, a lot would obviously have to do with the consumer pool around the holiday season. Our December quarter would obviously factor some of that in, but again we're little too far away yet to see what kind of a pool we're going to get on that.
Mark T. Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Okay. That's helpful. And then, so I'm going to (41:57) follow-up into the prior comments on market share in Korea, maybe you can just give us a sense of the magnitude, what sort of market share do you think you have in the mobile space in Korea, say over the last 12 months, and then how does that compare on over the next (42:13) upcoming product cycles over the next year?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Well, in aggregate if you take 6-axis and OIS together, across all the customers in Korea, I would venture to say, we're in the upper 80%s perhaps, if not higher. I think going forward with the visibility that we have, we'll probably – again in aggregate between the two depending on the platform, I would say, from the visibility that we have, we could go as low as 50% to 60%.
Mark T. Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Okay. And then, just one last one from me on the audio side. Behrooz, I think you commented on expecting to see revenue first with tier 2 and tier 3 mobile customers. My interpretation at CES was that the audio products that were being introduced were higher performance products, and I thought there was maybe an opportunity to being to qualify those at larger OEMs. So maybe you can just give us an update on the competitive positioning in audio, and what some of the reasons are that the opportunities with some of these smaller handset customers to begin with.
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Well, if you look at just like motion, typically what the tier 2 and tier 3s want to do is differentiate with the tier 1s, and they can't really do it as much with scale. So what they do is they differentiate on performance. OIS emerged mostly out of the tier 2s, and it took a while before the tier 1s adopted it. So it's not to say that we are not – we don't see tier 1s as opportunities. We are seeing this. We are actively going in there. We're working with the tier 1s on the microphone. Just looking at the probability, we obviously go across all the markets and all the customers. But if you look at where we get the most pool, depending on the customer in some cases, when it comes to really high performance analog, we typically are getting it out of tier 2, tier 3s. Tier 1s, the first thing on their mind today is not just cost but also performance and some of the criteria but really supply chain. And microphone, we are a new player in microphone. So again just like motion, we are proving ourself out, and we are showing that we can manufacture these units in tens of millions if not higher, and we're showing the performance, and all that's coming together in next two quarters. But we are definitely going after tier 1s, and we do see them as an opportunity. I just wanted to kind of cover (44:52) the probability of where the first design wins will come from.

Mark T. Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Thank you very much.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Jagadish Iyer of Redstone. Please proceed.
Jagadish Iyer - Redstone Technology Research
Yeah, thanks for taking my question. Two questions, Mark. So first thing is that, how should we think about OIS growth going forward? If my math is right, it is somewhat stagnated for the last two quarters to three quarters. So I just wanted to get some sense of the directionality of the OIS, and then I have a follow-up.
Mark Dentinger - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Yeah. Well, we had previously seen – of course, it's come up so quickly in the last six quarters or seven quarters that it's a little hard to do pattern deciphering right now. But we had initially (45:37) strong, and it even caught us off guard Q4 on OIS, it was 18% contribution to revenue. What we said entering this year was is that we would be, we were expecting that we could actually get to 20% contribution from OIS by the time we got to the end of this fiscal year. And if you just pattern out maybe a 2 point average improvement over the course of the year, we could start out in the low teens and wind up at 20% that way. That's still probably the most plausible outcome from all of this. It's just that when you book 18% in Q1, you got a tough compare and with 16% there's nothing to be ashamed of coming out of Q2. I suspect it's our coming out of Q1. I also think that it's likely to be right around that range for the next quarter in Q2. And then I think as the year finishes up, there's a good chance that it'll strengthen. So that's the high level look. And bear in mind, a big order, a big shipment near the end of the quarter can skew any particular quarter, and I would caution you to intend to look at this over maybe a 180-day period than every 90 days on the directional. There's nothing I hope that nothing is (46:52) coming out of the call (46:54) on OIS.
Jagadish Iyer - Redstone Technology Research
Okay. Fair enough. And also I just wanted to get a sense of the pricing trend that you're seeing on the OIS so far.
Mark Dentinger - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Yeah well like pricing trends, prices always is a general rule, once you get a product out and release, there is always some downward pressure on pricing that's just the nature of the consumer markets. Obviously, the downward trend in OIS is considerably less steep than it is on our general motion products because frankly there's less competition where it's not a one horse race, but we're differentiated enough that we can hold our ground there better. So to the extent that that's strong, that's obviously good news for our margins.
Jagadish Iyer - Redstone Technology Research
Okay. And just one, just a quick follow-up. How should we think about revenues from the Korea region for the second half of this year for you? Thank you.
Mark Dentinger - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
If we had to make a call today based upon the commentary that Behrooz in his response in the prior question, I think that as a percentage contribution to the total business they will be down, probably in Q2 and for the second half of the year. But there is some chance that we will qualify into new slots towards the end of the year, and we could turn that trend around. But we knew the day was probably coming when we were not going to carry 90% market share forever, and we've had a very, very good run, we were differentiated. But pricing pressure in certain stages of the phones introduces competition, and the reality is, is that there is some business that we just aren't going to chase. And as a result, we've got to be careful – as a result, we're anticipating that we're going to be lighter than we have been in the last few quarters.

Jagadish Iyer - Redstone Technology Research
Thanks so much.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Tom Sepenzis with Northland Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Tom Sepenzis - Northland Capital Markets
Hi, thanks for taking my questions. I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the cross licensing, and whether that in any way makes it easier for your competitor to compete with you, in the mobile market specifically?
Mark Dentinger - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Yeah, Tom, unfortunately, I'm going to have to raise my hand on that, that we can only say so much at this point, because the arrangement is preliminary. And I do think, we probably said as much as we can say on that, at least at this point.
Tom Sepenzis - Northland Capital Markets
Okay. Great. And then, in terms of OIS up until now, you've been pretty much the only one in the market in China. Are you – is that still the case, or are you seeing competition now, and if so, is it from your largest competitor or is it from smaller Chinese competition?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
If it comes in, it will be from the larger guys, but we've always had them – we've always seen them in the market. They really never got to the qualifications and mostly because of the performance, size, and all the other parameters that drive this particular market, that dynamic hasn't changed. So yes, we do hear about them in the market, we always have. Question is, will they be able to get to where they need to they can get qualified, and quite frankly, become a real competitor in this market. We just haven't seen that yet.
Tom Sepenzis - Northland Capital Markets
Okay. Great. And then lastly, just in terms of EIS versus OIS, is that still leveraging your 2-axis gyro, or how is that market being addressed?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
That's actually just driving – using the mainboard 6-axis, along with some software and some of the other hardware that we put into the chip. There is a lot of new features that are coming in, and that doesn't require specific hardware in the module. And EIS will just take advantage of the 6-axis so that you can use the run of the mill camera module that you're using today, but with some hardware and software built into the gyro, into the 6-axis, you can enable EIS. And that's what we've been developing over the last couple of quarters, or last year.
Tom Sepenzis - Northland Capital Markets
Do you get a bump in price for that, or is that just...
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Oh, absolutely, I mean, no – absolutely. If you look at the 6-axis MotionTracking device, quite frankly one of the things that a lot of customers – and this is what drives some of the pricing discussion and cost discussion – people have always, beyond gaming and some features in imaging, some rudimentary features in imaging, a lot of people in the past have struggled around gyro adoption at the OEMs, and we think that what we're seeing now is that, as they try to drive more – better quality cameras, really they don't have a choice but to use gyros. So as long as camera differentiation, and camera becomes a differentiator in your phone, you have to now adopt gyro, and not only that, you have to adopt high performance gyro and with the features that only we offer today. So we're pretty bullish on the imaging. We have really pinpointed the strongest use case that drives 6-axis in EIS, and longer term again, continues to drive OIS. So we're pretty bullish on that use case, and it's something that we've been developing IP around for the last year, both on the hardware and the software, and that definitely has value that we intend to capture.

Tom Sepenzis - Northland Capital Markets
Okay. Thank you very much.
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thank you.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Richard Shannon with Craig-Hallum. Please proceed.
Richard Cutts Shannon - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC
Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Probably just a couple from me. Mark, I think you mentioned that there is certain sockets you're not going to be addressing due to pricing. I wonder if you can characterize the geographical customer base where you're seeing this happen, and is this a result of your larger competitors that are based in Europe that have the currency advantage, or are they coming from elsewhere?
Mark Dentinger - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Well, they can come from anywhere, but we've tried to be candid about the reality is, is that we need to price protect for the value that we're bringing in the form of our performance differentiation. And what that does mean is that the discipline to say is, is that there is a point in which you have to walk away. And of course, if you eliminate performance, you boil everything down to price, and we have stated that our strategy, if you look at our product portfolio, is definitely to stay into the high performance area. And I would say, no, you could point out that with respect to our commentary about Korea, that that is a factor, and I believe it is a factor, but it's not isolated to there. This has been a philosophy of the company, certainly since I've been here, and will continue to be, and what that means is, is that there may be periods of time in which we can hold 100% share in a competitive selling situation, but it's hard to hold on to that forever, especially in a very, very competitive market.
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
And by the way, just to add a little bit color on that, this is again, this is nothing new. In China we have, in the past, we've had OEMs that, for the last two years, three years, every time we go in to their lobby, quite frankly they push back and they've asked us for, you got to be pin-compatible with the other two guys, and you got to be lower cost. And we never did that, until we got to a point where they needed a certain performance, and quite frankly, there was nobody else. And we were able to get into these OEMs with the performance for the use case that they had.
And I won't go into the particular use case, but situations where it's driven by certain use case, in our case, we're driving use cases like imaging, navigation and so on. We believe that that gives us a significant lead, and we don't have to go and weaken our baseline to get those sockets. And that's – so it's not limited to Korea, we've had this issue and challenge always in China, where we have the big IBMs, and it's not as much tied to the currency as it's to the fundamental business model, that they have a fab – they have fabs that they have to fill. So they can always justify taking very low gross margin business to fill the fab, and that's just not how we operate.
Richard Cutts Shannon - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC
All right. Okay. I appreciate all those comments. That's very helpful. Maybe one or two quick questions from me, couple of questions and some comments on EIS. Historically, the EIS has only been used by one mobile guy in the past year. I'm assuming that's something you expect to pushing and marketing towards across the entire mobile landscape. Is that accurate?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
That's accurate. In fact we started pushing EIS and OIS long before we knew that certain OEM or OEMs would start driving at certain architecture or certain way. We felt that, (56:36) that unless you have a very strong use case, it's really going to be hard to drive these sensors. And imaging has always been one of the areas that we felt very strongly about, that eventually will become a strong use case, and we are seeing that, and in different shapes and forms. That's why the chips that we have today, the SoCs that we have from 2-axis to main 6-axis to SoCs that has multiple cores in it, we've developed a software architecture that really takes advantage of imaging and image stabilization as a key feature going forward.

That's an IP, set of IPs that we started developing over the last year. And then with that – then we felt that the next use case will eventually become better navigation, outdoors, and then indoors. And then audio, so we feel the same way about audio. That's why we try to not dilute ourselves and go into the market with after socket that's commodity, I mean if you look at audio for example, it's a 3 billion unit market, and we're starting from the very top developing use cases around areas that we believe that we can have a differentiation and value, and same thing with the energy.
Richard Cutts Shannon - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC
Okay. Great. I appreciate those comments as well, Behrooz. Mark, quick question for you on inventory, how do you expect the inventory to finish in the current quarter, will that be up or down or kind of flat, how do you see that?
Mark Dentinger - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
If I had to call right now, I'd say it'd probably be about flat.
Richard Cutts Shannon - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC
Okay. Perfect. Thanks, guys.
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thank you.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of (58:19). Please proceed.
Unknown Speaker
Hi, thanks very much for taking my question. Just a question on cash. You build it up quite nicely over the last three quarters, to a healthy or healthier $100 million net cash position, I mean you're generating better free cash flow at the moment. Just wondering if there is any plan for the cash flow you building it up. And if there is a plan, kind of what M&A scenarios could you look up (58:51) or I mean is there anything that you're looking to bolt on to your business? Thanks. And I have a follow up.
Mark Dentinger - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Good question, (58:58). You're going to have to forgive me for being a little circumspect on your second one about M&A activity, but at least let me talk about the first. Yeah, we have paid attention to our free cash flow generation and try to make it a priority, particularly coming out of year ago, we bought, we invested in two software companies that chewed up the capital, and we actually were net negative with respect to our net cash position. And we built that up, it has grown nicely, and it'll continue to be an area of emphasis. There's no plans being contemplated right now to do any sort of return to cash to shareholders, if that's what you're asking. So really, we're just building it up, dry powder. We are obviously aware of the market conditions, that the semi industry is consolidating as a whole, and we are canvassing always for possibilities out there. I would say, our target right now would have to have a fairly high threshold for us to activate on it just because we've got plenty of internal plans that are going along very, very well, and we built up our resources in the last year, but I'd never rule it out completely. And frankly having the cash around gives us more flexibility to be able to do something quickly if an opportunity presents itself. And Behrooz I'll let you...
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah, let me just add a little bit more comment. Mark, it's absolutely correct, in terms of the M&As we've always looked at M&As, and I've always looked at it as what do you need to fill on your roadmap, or if there's something that opportunistic comes along that you absolutely need to take on. In the last couple of years, I just felt very strongly that we wanted to transition the company from just a component company to become a platform around sensors, not just for mobile but for other markets, and that required us to have software resources, and software resources around certain use cases and certain features, and that came together along with Movea, as well as and TPI, and of course ADI microphone, we were developing our own microphone, but it was a combination of where we felt that we were developing products that we had to get scale and technology and the opportunities that came along. I believe, like as Mark said today, I feel very good about our financial stability. We have plenty of cash, and I feel good that we are in a position, if something comes along we can take action, but quite frankly we're not shopping, we are very focused, we feel that we have the skill to develop what we need to do, and we got a lot of work already on our plate and with resources that we have. So I feel very good about that.

Unknown Speaker
Okay. That's great. And when I look at your next generation platforms of your American customer, what do you (1:01:55) expect next quarter in terms of products, and how that compares to the previous generation product that was in the previous generation models. And how should I think about, if it is new products, how does launching something like that for the first time, how do we think about yields and new processes, and with downside risks to gross margin from launching such a high volume ramp?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
You have to forgive me, if I'm (1:02:26) extremely high level on this one. But it really is no different than the semiconductor evolution, a better part in terms of performance, and it's that evolution obviously every part has to be better in terms of performance, and I won't get into any kind of performance criteria and what is better and all that. We do feel that we also have a little bit better learning than we did last year in terms of the customer dynamics and in terms of where the knobs are in terms of manufacturing. So I wouldn't say that we have everything figured out, but I do believe that we're in a stronger position to predict yield and manufacturability versus where we were last year. So I'm going to have to keep it at that high level (1:03:14).
Unknown Speaker
Okay.
Mark Dentinger - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
And given that Behrooz is keeping at high level, I think I can echo his thought.
Unknown Speaker
Thanks everyone. And the final thing is on OIS and EIS. Can you just firstly to say how much of the high-end market, smartphone market currently has already adopted OIS or EIS. And also the impact of the market moving to using OIS on the main 6-axis versus discrete, the ASP bump that you'd get versus losing potentially discrete 2-axis OIS (1:03:57). And maybe as I understand that I don't think you shipped any EIS as of today but I mean by year-end, I'm just wondering what kind of proportion of your image stabilization shipments could we be expecting to be EIS as a whole? Thanks.
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Sure, sure. It's probably going to take a longer dialogue than when you have time, but let me try and capture as much as I can here. With EIS, it's a trend, that the interest has always been there on the OEMs to obviously what it gives them is without having to go and make drastic changes on the form factor, which in some cases you have to consider for OIS because you have to get a different camera module. In this case, you basically go into existing product and you replace the existing 6-axis with a different type of 6-axis that we have with certain hardware features and software features that we have incorporated. So in terms of the ease of adoption, there is some work, there is heavy lifting, mostly on the software but for OEMs, it's a more acceptable faster time to market. So we expect to see some customer design ins at least a few, less than half a dozen, less than a handful of design wins this year, probably one or two ramping late this year, maybe, but (1:05:26).
Unknown Speaker
Fiscal year. Sorry, is that fiscal year or currently (1:05:30) you're talking?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Fiscal year.
Unknown Speaker
Okay.
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
So we see that certainly on the EIS, and we will get a bump on the ASP. And on the OIS, I think there's a little more heavy lifting because we are disrupting the architecture and using the main 6-axis. And even then quite frankly I don't think we negate the need for dual access, because I think there's always going to be different tiers of performance. If you are a photographer, you're always thinking in terms of aperture, f-stop, things like that. So if you look at it from that angle, there's always going to be a need, and there's always going to be customers that are going for driving for very high performance to access.

What we wanted to do was have the capability to offer 6-axis OIS, EIS combination with ASP uplift, and stickiness on the mainboard and architecturally. So again, I apologize, there's a lot of architectural changes here that I'm talking about, I'm trying to capture in a very short conversation, but we don't necessarily see it in short, I don't necessarily see it as cannibalization of a business, I see it more of a strengthening of core 6-axis plus additional opportunity. Again one comment, I don't know if you caught it in the script, people are looking at multiple cameras, and we believe that camera in general is just at the early stages of being a main differentiator in a lot of these phones. So we're actually very bullish about imaging.
Unknown Speaker
Okay. That's very helpful. Thank you very much.
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thank you.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Krishna Shankar with ROTH Capital. Please proceed.
Krishna Shankar - ROTH Capital Partners LLC
Yes. Given your manufacturing improvements and your sort of cost roadmap with your large U.S. or Korean customers, do you feel that longer term gross margins can sort of lift out of this current range to a higher plateau, or what's kind of your longer term outlook for gross margins given the trade-off between improved manufacturing efficiencies and the cost reductions you have to give to customers?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Well, let me start with the CEO response, and then I'll let Mark bring me back to ground here. The short answer is, yes, again there is no Moore's law in MEMS, what there is, is and we're – as I mentioned the question that Tristan asked earlier, we do see a trend at least in some of the more sophisticated customer engineering and customer base towards higher performance, and to the degree that we can differentiate ourselves on high performance, we believe that there is value there in both performance and integration. So that's the trend that we're driving.
At the same time, as much as there is Moore's law, there is still architecturally ways to reduce cost, and we believe that we have at least couple more architectural things that we got to do, architectural nodes that we have in front of us to reduce cost over the next couple of years. So I think that MEMS is very similar to where RF and analog was 20 years, 30 years ago, where you didn't necessarily get cost reduction and integration through Moore's law, but you got it in the third dimension and we see the same thing with MEMS. So short answer is yes, I definitely believe that there is a path in terms of margin improvement, but I'm going to – but just like anything else, it takes a lot of hard work and it takes time, and we're on that path.
Mark Dentinger - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Yeah, Krishna, this is Mark. Couple of other thoughts just to add to what Behrooz said, is I do believe that we actually do have very good signals that we will get margin improvement either towards the end of this year or as we turn the corner into our fiscal 2017. I say that because obviously with respect to Q2, we've already digested the incurred cost in the profile of our overhead that is going to pass into the P&L in Q2. So we have some visibility to that, and we also have some visibility based upon the business that we think we're going to do in Q2 as to how the margin should profile out in Q3. I do think that that's probably we're passing through maybe the tightest period of time here. I'll never say never because it can only dip down a little bit more from here. I don't think it will be a meaningful lock step down, but I do think we're sort of passing through these periods of times.

And I would chalk up one factor that gives me confidence that we're probably headed out of this, which is that we grew the company so fast in the last two years, two-and-a-half years that we learned a lot about how to – the discipline of introducing multiple products into the marketplace at the same time, and scaling up and turning quickly on the dime against changes in demand. And I believe that that's going to pay some dividends in the form of slightly tighter processes as we move forward. Behrooz is right. There are some architectural things that are also going to come our way. I don't want to piece it out too much, but I think if we can be patient for the next couple of quarters, I'm hopeful that we're going to see some meaningful improvement that we can share with you.
Krishna Shankar - ROTH Capital Partners LLC
That's great. And on a related note Behrooz, what about the revenue opportunity in new markets like wearables, smart TV remote controls, IoT, gaming, drones, perhaps can you talk about those new opportunities, and when could we see material revenues there?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
I could talk about it briefly. You saw some indications in the numbers as to what we call IoT. We used to call it other, but it really has formulated itself into IoT which is anything with sensors that's connected to the Internet, which is just about everything from drones to wearables. Actually, we're feeling very encouraged in that trend. We haven't talked about it much in the past because the numbers were meaningless compared to mobile, but they are becoming more interesting. So if you give us some time in the next quarter, I'm hoping that we can share some more information on that with you, but we're feeling very, very encouraged with that.
Krishna Shankar - ROTH Capital Partners LLC
Okay. Thank you.
Operator
That concludes our Q&A. I'll now turn the call over to back Behrooz Abdi, President and CEO. Please proceed.
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Well, thank you everyone for participating in the conference call. This quarter we will be presenting at the Oppenheimer Technology Internet and Communications Conference on August 11, and the Canaccord Genuity Growth Conference on August 12. I encourage you to check the Investor Relations section of our website for detail. And as always please feel free to contact us if you have any questions or you'd like to schedule a call or meeting. We look forward to speaking with you in the near future. Thank you.
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.

If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Technology, Semiconductor Equipment & Materials, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All INVN TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Technology Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Technology StocksAT&T: Grand SlamT• Today, 6:54 PM • Quad 7 Capital•6 CommentsSeparating The Noise From (Encouraging) Fundamentals During Tech Sector VolatilityXLK, VGT, TECL• Today, 6:30 PM • Janus Henderson InvestorsAT&T: Does A Surprise Beat Alter The Thesis?T• Today, 6:21 PM • Stone Fox Capital•13 CommentsElectronic Arts: What To Watch For With EarningsEA• Today, 6:18 PM • Roman Luzgin•3 CommentsTears For Sears (And Other Amazon Competitors)AMZN• Today, 6:09 PM • David Pinsen•12 CommentsAdvanced Micro Devices, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMD• Today, 6:02 PM • SA Transcripts•9 CommentsAT&T Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesT• Today, 6:01 PM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsIPG Photonics' Laser Technology - Mark Hibben's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • IPGP• Today, 4:23 PM • Mark Hibben•1 Comment4% Dividend Yield From IBM: International Business Machinations?IBM• Today, 3:27 PM • Beulah Meriam K•5 CommentsNvidia: Earnings PredictionNVDA• Today, 3:08 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•9 CommentsNordic Semiconductor's Renewed Growth Has Melted Some Of The SkepticismEditors' Pick • NDCVF• Today, 3:07 PM • Stephen Simpson, CFA•1 CommentExclusive Teardown Confirms New Samsung SupplierSSNLF• Today, 2:58 PM • Lou Basenese•5 CommentsPaypal: Pure Play On E-Commerce TransitionPYPL• Today, 2:58 PM • L&F Capital Management•2 CommentsAlphabet Falls After Earnings: Buying OpportunityGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 2:12 PM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•8 CommentsAlphabet - Solid Execution Continues, Buy On Further DipsGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 1:55 PM • The Value Investor•1 CommentAdvanced Micro Devices' Earnings Come Out Today After Market CloseAMD• Today, 1:42 PM • JJ Kinahan•60 CommentsSocial Network Facebook Gears Up To Report Q2 Earnings With Its Stock At New HighsFB• Today, 1:26 PM • JJ Kinahan•8 CommentsHP's Bold Acquisition Could Be A Positive For StockholdersHPQ• Today, 12:55 PM • Russell Naisbitt•10 CommentsHere's How Blue Apron Could SucceedAPRN• Today, 12:54 PM • Mike Berner•4 CommentsTaking Stock With Tech: Alphabet Sinks, Can AMD Float?AMD, GOOG, GOOGL• Today, 12:34 PM • Alex Cho•26 CommentsMicrochip Technologies: High Risk, Low RewardMCHP• Today, 11:57 AM • John DiCecco•4 CommentsCisco Is A Gamble That Might Pay OffCSCO• Today, 11:37 AM • Liu Jiao•13 CommentsApple Supplier Bets Big On U.S. - A Rangeley Capital DiscussionEditors' Pick • AAPL• Today, 11:28 AM • Chris DeMuth Jr.•5 CommentsBrokerage Or Tech Firm? Redfin's Valuation Requires The LatterRDFN• Today, 11:07 AM • David Trainer•1 CommentAlphabet Q2: Price Target Lowered To $1,050GOOG, GOOGL• Today, 10:54 AM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•1 CommentRedfin IPO: Tech Company, Real Estate Brokerage, or Something New?RDFN• Today, 9:41 AM • Fish and TipsLogitech International S.A. 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLOGI• Today, 9:19 AM • SA Transcripts•7 CommentsAMD: Brace YourselfAMD• Today, 9:06 AM • Kumquat Research•87 CommentsBlue Apron: Quiet Period Ends. Prepare To Sell The Bounce.APRN• Today, 8:14 AM • Bull & Bear Trading•13 CommentsIs Facebook Exaggerating Users And Is That A Threat To Its Valuation?FB• Today, 8:00 AM • NYC Trader•47 CommentsWhat's Driving Alphabet's Stock Price Weakness?GOOG, GOOGL• Today, 7:00 AM • D.M. Martins Research•20 CommentsWhy 'Dunkirk's' Success Means Much More To AT&T Than Investors May ThinkT• Today, 5:57 AM • The Entertainment Oracle•10 CommentsAmazon - The Many Thematic Tailwinds Pushing It ForwardAMZN• Today, 5:53 AM • Tematica Research•11 CommentsTableau Needs To Move Beyond Data VisualizationDATA• Today, 5:16 AM • Prasanna Rajagopal•6 CommentsKnowles Corporation: A Solid Investment IdeaKN• Today, 1:45 AM • The Knife Catcher•10 CommentsMomo 8.0: The Unavoidable ChangeMOMO• Yesterday, 11:39 PM • Ang Shen•4 CommentsA Critical Day For AT&TT• Yesterday, 11:23 PM • Quad 7 Capital•32 CommentsSamsung Wants A Piece Of TSMCSSNLF, TSM• Yesterday, 10:36 PM • Mark Hibben•11 CommentsSiemens Is Cheap And Healthineers Helps To Unlock The ValueSIEGY• Yesterday, 10:24 PM • Wubbe Bos•6 CommentsSnap: The Next Twitter?SNAP• Yesterday, 8:58 PM • Activist Stocks•68 CommentsAlphabet: Ignore The One-Time ChargesGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 8:46 PM • Stone Fox Capital•25 CommentsBaidu: Strong Upside, A Short-Term Trigger And A Bright FutureBIDU• Yesterday, 8:09 PM • Value Investigator•13 CommentsWhy You Should Sell Your Apple Shares Before The Next iPhone ReleaseAAPL• Yesterday, 7:42 PM • Michael A. Ball•121 CommentsFirst Solar - Q2 Earnings PreviewFSLR• Yesterday, 7:17 PM • Morningsidepark•18 CommentsLook Beyond The Storm Clouds Hovering Over Silicon MotionEditors' Pick • SIMO• Yesterday, 7:14 PM • Jenks Jumps•6 CommentsRambus, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRMBS• Yesterday, 7:01 PM • SA TranscriptsGroupon Should Still Have A Place In Your Long-Term PortfolioGRPN• Yesterday, 6:45 PM • Julie Kent•7 CommentsApple iPhone 8 Expectations Trending Lower Ahead Of EarningsAAPL• Yesterday, 5:45 PM • Alex Cho•49 CommentsPositioning For Verizon EarningsVZ• Yesterday, 5:43 PM • Josh Arnold•19 CommentsMicrosoft: Shareholders Are Set To Benefit From This StockMSFT• Yesterday, 5:27 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•14 CommentsSanmina Corp 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSANM• Yesterday, 5:03 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentArtificial Intelligence: The New Impulse For AlphabetGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 4:34 PM • Oleh Kombaiev•17 CommentsApple Is Likely To Switch To In-House ScreensAAPL• Yesterday, 4:16 PM • Roman Luzgin•21 CommentsBaozun: Is There More Upside In This 2017 Runner?BZUN• Yesterday, 3:47 PM • Jonathan Faison•35 CommentsFacebook Earnings Preview: Bullish On InstagramFB• Yesterday, 3:36 PM • L&F Capital Management•19 CommentsAMD: King Of The CrossoverAMD• Yesterday, 2:59 PM • Kumquat Research•79 CommentsWhy Amazon Needs To Improve Its B2B E-Commerce PresenceAMZN• Yesterday, 2:18 PM • Motek Moyen•16 Comments3 Reasons Why Facebook Could Disappoint This QuarterFB• Yesterday, 2:08 PM • D.M. Martins Research•31 CommentsAMD's Post-Earnings Target PricesAMD• Yesterday, 1:52 PM • Kwan-Chen Ma•201 CommentsMicrosoft's Office 365 Is The New WindowsMSFT• Yesterday, 1:19 PM • Beulah Meriam K•16 CommentsKeeping Stock With Tech: FANG Earnings Kicks Off This Week, With Google And FacebookFB, GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 12:37 PM • Alex Cho•18 CommentsQualcomm Is Dead MoneyQCOM• Yesterday, 12:33 PM • Kumquat Research•57 CommentsLighten Your Load Ahead Of Twitter EarningsTWTR• Yesterday, 12:12 PM • Amigobulls•11 CommentsAmazon Web Services To Experience A Downturn?AMZN• Yesterday, 12:09 PM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•19 CommentsAlphabet Earnings Preview: Google Parent Reports Q2 Results TodayGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 11:59 AM • JJ Kinahan•1 CommentIt's Not All Gloom And Doom For QualcommQCOM• Yesterday, 11:49 AM • Amigobulls•7 CommentsIs AT&T The Best Income Opportunity Available Today?T• Yesterday, 11:34 AM • Left Banker•30 CommentsSkyworks: Post-Earnings Valuation Reveals Solid Upside PotentialSWKS• Yesterday, 11:34 AM • Roman Luzgin•3 CommentsApple: Services Revenue Growth Suggests Higher Dividend IncreaseAAPL• Yesterday, 11:30 AM • Ploutos Investing•10 CommentsIBM: This Blue-Chip Stock Just Went On SaleIBM• Yesterday, 11:27 AM • Robert Riesen•29 CommentsMonopoly Scrutiny Of Amazon BaselessAMZN• Yesterday, 11:23 AM • Gary Bourgeault•21 CommentsMicrosoft: Cloud Growth Exceeds All Expectations, Shares Priced For Additional 50% UpsideMSFT• Yesterday, 9:41 AM • Ben Bortner, CFA•15 CommentsGeorge Risk Industries: The Perfect Value TrapEditors' Pick • RSKIA• Yesterday, 9:35 AM • John Zhang•6 CommentsMicrosoft: An Excellent Quarter From This Explosive Tech GiantMSFT• Yesterday, 7:07 AM • Sure Dividend•4 CommentsMicrosoft: Q4 2017 Valuation UpdateMSFT• Yesterday, 7:00 AM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•3 Comments123456...1161Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Avery Dennison's (AVY) CEO Mitchell Butier on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AVY•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  6:49 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Potlatch Corporation's (PCH) CEO Mike Covey on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PCH•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  6:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Consumer Portfolio Services' (CPSS) CEO Charles Bradley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CPSS•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  6:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Pacific Premier Bancorp's (PPBI) CEO Steve Gardner on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PPBI•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  6:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Eli Lilly & Co. (LLY) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LLY•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Flagstar Bancorp's (FBC) CEO Sandro DiNello on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FBC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




HomeStreet's (HMST) CEO Mark Mason on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HMST•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:38 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Spectris' (SEPJF) CEO John O'Higgins on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SEPJF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Camden National's (CAC) CEO Greg Dufour on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CAC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Anadarko Petroleum (APC) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


APC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Anixter International's (AXE) CEO Bob Eck on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AXE•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:15 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Vedanta Resources' (VDNRF) CEO Thomas Albanese on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VDNRF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




FEMSA (FMX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FMX•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Randstad Holding's (RANJF) CEO Jacques van den Broek on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RANJF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:11 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




American Campus Communities' (ACC) CEO Bill Bayless on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Everest Re's (RE) CEO Dom Addesso on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RE•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:06 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Acme United's (ACU) CEO Walter Johnsen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACU•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




CommVault Systems' (CVLT) CEO Bob Hammer on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CVLT•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




General Motors (GM) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GM•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Saipem's (SAPMY) CEO Stefano Cao on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SAPMY•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Crane's (CR) CEO Max Mitchell on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CR•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Astec Industries' (ASTE) CEO Ben Brock on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ASTE•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




SK Hynix's (HXSCL) CEO Kim Jun Ho on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HXSCL•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




HCA Healthcare (HCA) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HCA•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




McDonald's (MCD) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MCD•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



HNI's (HNI) CEO Stan Askren on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HNI•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:00 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Equity Commonwealth's (EQC) CEO David Helfand on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EQC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Domino's Pizza (DPZ) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DPZ•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Waters (WAT) CEO Christopher O'Connell on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WAT•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




J & J Snack Foods' (JJSF) CEO Gerry Shreiber on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


JJSF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4435Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 



Behrooz Abdi | I'm Iranian







































Home
About
Introduction










Technology

Sports

Politics

media

Literature

Business

Art

Academics







Behrooz Abdi


Technology — 28 February 2011






Mr. Behrooz Abdi has been Executive Vice President and General Manager for MPS/CPS business at NetLogic Microsystems Inc. since November 2009. Mr. Abdi served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of RMI Corporation (also known as Raza Microelectronics Inc.) from November 2007 to October 2009. He served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of Qualcomm’s CDMA Technologies (QCT) at Qualcomm, Inc. from March 2004 to November 2007. Prior to joining Qualcomm, … he held leadership and engineering positions of increasing responsibility at Motorola in its Semiconductor Products Sector (SPS). From July 1985 to December 2003, he served at Motorola as Vice President and General Manager for the radio products division, in charge of RF and mixed signal ICs for the wireless mobile market, where he led Motorola to its number one market position in RF ICs. Mr. Abdi is a seasoned veteran with over 22 years of experience in the semiconductor industry, has a proven track record of growing profitable businesses at Qualcomm, Inc. and Motorola SPS (now Freescale Semiconductor, Inc.). He serves as the Chairman and Director of SMSC Storage, Inc. (Formerly Symwave, Inc). He serves as a Director of RMI Corporation and has been a Director at Tabula, Inc. since April 6, 2010. Mr. Abdi holds a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from Montana State University and Master degree in Electrical Engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology.











Farzad Naimi June 30,  2011





Mohammad Ketabchi May 25,  2011





Masoud Loghmani May 25,  2011





Amin Zoufonoun May 20,  2011





Roya Zamanzadeh May 17,  2011





Mohsen Moazami May 12,  2011





Bahram Mahbod May 08,  2011





Farhad Mafie May 04,  2011





Esfandiar Lohrasbpour May 04,  2011





Shaygan Kheradpir May 01,  2011



Share










About Author




ImIraNian




(0) Readers Comments 

Comments are closed.



Search


  Iranians you may know! 

Ehsan Ghaem Maghami


Farzad Naimi


Avid Modjtabai


Bijan Mossavar Rahmani


Nader Modanlo


Afshin Mohebbi


Mohammad Ketabchi


Masoud Loghmani


Sherko Haji-Rasouli


Amin Zoufonoun


Hossein Sabet Baktash


Roya Zamanzadeh


Bijan Kian


Alireza Dabir


Fred Korangy


Mohsen Moazami


Afsaneh Mashayekhi


Mahmoud Bambouyani


Hamid Moghadam


Bahram Mahbod


Ehsan Afshari


Farhad Mafie


Esfandiar Lohrasbpour


Arjang A. Assad


Babak Parviz


Bijan Khezri


Shaygan Kheradpir


Reza Mahdavi


Touraj Houshmandzadeh


Mohsen Khatib Rahbar


Farhad Mohit


Mehdi Khalvati


Nasser Khalili


Ali Karimi


Ata Amini


Shahriar Kamali


Hamed Haddadi


Bijan Khalili


Reza Kasnavi


Farhad Kashani


Cyrus D. Irani


Mori Hosseini


Kambiz Hooshmand


Elahe Hessamfar


Shahin Hedayat


Sahar & Bobby Hashemi


Rouzbeh Ross Haghighat


Nader Haghighi


Cyrus Hadavi


Hadi Saei


Ali Daei


Arash Labaf


Roubik Gregorian


Tamilla Ghodsi


Fariba Ghodsian


Farzad Ghazvinian


John J. Ghaznavi


Akbar Ghahary


Saeid Ghafouri


Saied Ghaffari


Abe Fatemizadeh


Ben Fathi


John, Bob, and Ben Farahi


Siamak Farahbakhshian


Ramin Asgard


Kamran Elahian


Nazie Eftekhari


Zahra Dowlatabadi


Shirin Dehghan


Nader Darehshori


Hamid Biglari


Iraj Beheshti


Massued Behrouzi


Ladan Behnia


Abbas Bayat


Bami Bastani


Mo Barzegar


Mehrdad Baghai


Hassan Astani


Amir Ansari


Bahman Atefi


Amir Bahadori


Manouchehr Ameri


Jamsheed Ameri


Mark Amin


Vahid Alaghband


Reza Ahy


Khodayar Alambeigi


Houtan Aghili


Behrooz Abdi


Faraj Aalaei


Iraj Jabbary


Masih Zad


Abdi Soltani


Lotfollah Lotfi Mansouri


Ramin Djawadi


Richard Danielpour


Lily Afshar


Joseph Golshani


Reza Aslan


 Tagsacademia
electronics
famous
farsi
figure
individual
individuals
Iran
irani
iranian
pars
parsi
people
persian
scholar
successful
top




Popular
Recent
Comments
Tags







Ehsan Ghaem Maghami  June 30,  2011   





Javid Jamae  August 08,  2010   





Omid Kordestani  November 11,  2010   





Pierre Morad Omidyar  November 11,  2010   





Farzad Nazem  November 11,  2010   






Ehsan Ghaem Maghami  June 30,  2011




Farzad Naimi  June 30,  2011




Avid Modjtabai  June 26,  2011




Bijan Mossavar Rahmani  June 26,  2011




Nader Modanlo  June 03,  2011





academia
electronics
famous
farsi
figure
individual
individuals
Iran
irani
iranian
pars
parsi
people
persian
scholar
successful
top

























© 2017 I'm Iranian. All Rights Reserved.
 Web Design Houston

















 




Behrooz Abdi: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 7:09 PM ET
Electronic Equipment, Instruments and Components

Company Overview of InvenSense, Inc.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
Behrooz   Abdi  Chief Executive Officer, President and Director, InvenSense, Inc.AgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 2 Board Members in 2 different organizations across 5 different industries.See Board Relationships55$3,472,520As of Fiscal Year 2016
Background

		Mr. Behrooz Abdi has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of Invensense, Inc. since October 24, 2012. Mr. Abdi served as an Executive Vice President and General Manager for MPS/CPS business at NetLogic Microsystems Inc. since November 2009 to December 09, 2011. He served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of RMI Corporation from November 2007 to October 2009. He served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of Qualcomm's CDMA Technologies (QCT) ... of Qualcomm, Inc. from March 2004 to November 2007. Mr. Abdi held leadership and engineering positions of increasing responsibility at Motorola in its Semiconductor Products Sector (SPS). From July 1985 to December 2003, he served at Motorola as Vice President and General Manager for the Radio Products Division, in charge of RF and mixed signal ICs for the wireless mobile market, where he led Motorola to its number one market position in RF ICs. Mr. Abdi is a seasoned veteran with over 22 years of experience in the semiconductor industry, has a proven track record of growing profitable businesses at Qualcomm, Inc. and Motorola SPS (now Freescale Semiconductor, Inc.). He served as the Chairman and Director of SMSC Storage, Inc.  He serves as a Director of RMI Corporation. He has been a Director of Invensense, Inc. since June 2011. He served as a Director of Exar Corp. from September 26, 2012 to May 12, 2017. He served as a Director of Tabula, Inc. since April 6, 2010. Mr. Abdi holds a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from Montana State University and Master Degree in Electrical Engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
1745 Technology DriveSan Jose, California 95110United StatesPhone: 408-501-2200Fax: 408-988-8104
Board Members Memberships
Chief Executive Officer, President and DirectorRMI Corporation2011-PresentChief Executive Officer, President and DirectorInvenSense, Inc.
Education
MS Georgia Institute of TechnologyBS Montana State University
Other Affiliations
Exar CorporationNetLogic I LLCGeorgia Institute of TechnologyMontana State UniversityRMI CorporationTabula, Inc.SMSC Storage, Inc.


Annual Compensation
Salary$400,000Total Annual Compensation$400,000
Stocks Options
Restricted Stock Awards$728,500All Other Compensation$21,015Exercised Options$40,000Exercised Options Value$159,120Exercisable Options$1,136,847Exercisable Options Value$31,781Unexercisable Options$1,052,973Total Value of Options$190,901Total Number of Options$2,229,820
Total Compensation
Total Annual Cash Compensation$641,815Total Short Term Compensation$400,000Other Long Term Compensation$749,515Total Calculated Compensation$3,472,520




Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact InvenSense, Inc., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























InvenSense (INVN) Behrooz L. Abdi on Q4 2015 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»InvenSense (INVN) Behrooz L. Abdi on Q4 2015 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMay. 4.15 | About: InvenSense (INVN) InvenSense, Inc. (NYSE:INVN)
Q4 2015 Earnings Call
May 04, 2015 4:30 pm ET
Executives
Leslie K. Green - Principal, Green Communications Consulting LLC
Mark P. Dentinger - Chief Financial Officer
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Analysts
Cody G. Acree - Ascendiant Capital Markets LLC
Matthew D. Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.
Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Theodore Joseph Moreau - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.
Mark T. Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Joseph L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Jorge Eduardo Rivas Reyna - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC
Tom Sepenzis - Northland Securities, Inc.
Suji De Silva - Topeka Capital Markets
Krishna Shankar - ROTH Capital Partners LLC
Alex D. Gauna - JMP Securities LLC
Operator
Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2015 InvenSense, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Alex and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes.
I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Ms. Leslie Green, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Leslie K. Green - Principal, Green Communications Consulting LLC
Thank you, Alex, and good afternoon and welcome to all. I'd like to begin our call with a Safe Harbor disclaimer related to forward-looking statements. Statements in this conference call that are not historical are forward-looking statements as the term is defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are generally in the future tense and/or preceded by words such as will, expect, anticipates, or other words that imply or predict a future state.
Forward-looking statements include any projection of revenue, gross margin, inventories, expense or other financial items discussed in this conference call, including the state of our customer design pipeline, the impact of product yields and inventory carrying values, and the potential for retention, loss or gains in our share of various product categories and segments.
Investors are cautioned that all forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainty that can cause actual results to differ from those currently anticipated due to a number of factors. We encourage you to review the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in today's earnings release and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 30, 2014, subsequent quarterly reports filed on Form 10-Q, recent current reports on Form 8-K and other documents filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time.
Copies of InvenSense's SEC filings are posted to the company's website and are therefore available from the company without charge. Forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this conference call and the company does not undertake any obligation to update its forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances.
With that, I will turn the call over to Mark Dentinger, InvenSense's Chief Financial Officer. Mark?
Mark P. Dentinger - Chief Financial Officer
Thanks, Leslie. I'll start my comments on our Q4 and fiscal 2015 performance and then I'll turn it over to Behrooz for his thoughts on the quarter, the year and a strategic update. Finally, I'll conclude our prepared remarks with guidance for Q1.
Most of my commentary on our income statement will refer to our non-GAAP presentation. The balance sheet and cash flow data are presented and discussed in GAAP format only. There was a $0.12 per share after tax difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP earnings this quarter primarily from the impact of removing stock-based compensation and acquisition-related net charges from GAAP earnings. A complete reconciliation is attached to our release and available on our website.

Our Q4 performance largely fell within the guidance range we issued at the beginning of the quarter with a strong contribution from our largest customers pushing us slightly over the top end of our revenue guidance and our costs and expenses generally falling in line with our expectations.
Total revenue for Q4 was $99.3 million, which represents a 14% sequential decrease from last quarter and a 68% increase over the same quarter a year ago. Our Q4 versus Q3 revenue breakdown by market segment was as follows: smartphones and tablets were 71% of total revenue in Q4, down from 81% in Q3; optical image stabilization was 18% in Q4, up from 10% in Q3, and all other market segments, including gaming, were 11% in Q4, up from 9% in Q3. Revenue from customers who individually made up more than 10% of our sales in Q4 was 61%, with our largest and second largest customers accounting for 32% and 29% respectively. The same customers made up 45% and 24% of our revenue in Q3.
Geographically, based on the headquarters of our customers, the Q4 versus Q3 revenue breakdown was as follows: Korea was 34% in Q4, up from 29% in Q3; the U.S. was 36% in Q4, down from 49% in Q3; China was 18% this quarter, up from 15% in Q3; Japan was 4% in Q4, even with Q3; Taiwan was 6% in Q4, up from 2% in Q3; and the rest of the world was 2% in Q4 versus 1% in Q3.
Non-GAAP cost of revenue was $53.7 million in Q4, resulting in non-GAAP gross profit of $45.6 million, or a 46% non-GAAP gross margin. Non-GAAP operating expenses for Q4 were $32.1 million, up about $2.3 million from Q3; research and development expenses were $21.4 million, up from $19.7 million in Q3; SG&A expenses were $10.7 million in Q4, up from about $10.1 million we posted last quarter. Our non-GAAP tax rate for Q4 was 12%, down slightly from the 13% rate in Q3. Non-GAAP EPS was $0.12 in Q4 compared with $0.21 in Q3 and $0.07 in Q4 of last year. Weighted average diluted shares outstanding for Q4 were 92.6 million compared with 92.3 million in Q3.
From the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $216 million in cash and investments. During Q4, we generated about $52 million in cash flow from operations versus the $18 million generated during Q3. We spent about $2 million in capital investments in Q4. Operating cash flow in Q4 benefited from a 17-day improvement in DSO versus our December quarter. The Q4 DSO improvement mostly resulted from renegotiating some of our distributor agreements to collect trade receivables faster, so this improvement is unlikely to repeat in Q1. We expect that DSOs will remain in the mid-to-high 40-day range for the near future.
Net inventories increased by about $7 million since the end of Q3. Our expectation is that net inventories will remain about flat in Q1.
Total head count increased by 8 during Q4 and we ended the quarter with 644 employees. We expect our head count to increase slightly during Q1.
Finally, I'd like to add a few thoughts on fiscal 2015. While we grew substantially in 2015 we also invested aggressively in securing new customer wins, ramping our manufacturing capabilities, and introducing new products both organically and through acquisitions. As we enter fiscal 2016, our view is that we have most of the resources in place to continue to grow and our expectation is that improved operating expense leverage will translate into earnings improvement.
Now let me turn the call over to Behrooz for his thoughts on the quarter and an update on our strategic initiatives. Behrooz?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thank you, Mark. Fiscal 2015 was a significant year for InvenSense. We posted the highest revenue in company history driven by strong market share gains and several new high-volume customer wins. We also had healthy growth in strategic emerging markets such as China where our sales increased by more than 49% from the previous fiscal year. We demonstrated that we could ramp our business to support a dramatic increase in demand for our products, thus validating our fab-less business model across high-volume mobile customers. And as such, the company reached a new level of scale that empowers our team to drive a compelling technology and product roadmap.

In addition to increasing revenue, market share, and market diversity, in fiscal 2015 we also started to see earning validation of our strategy of investing in hardware and software integration around compelling new sensor-based features. During fiscal 2015 we completed two highly strategic software acquisitions that underscore and advance our vision to provide a software-enriched sensor platform.
The assets and talent of these teams combined with rich algorithmic and development capabilities we've grown organically are already making meaningful contributions. We also brought to market a record number of new products across our motion sensor, software, and microphone portfolios. With each successive new product generation we are raising the industry bar on performance, power efficiency, and sensor intelligence and increasing competitive barriers to entry. For example, in March we announced the new M-2 Series 6-axis SoC that includes a sophisticated suite of software and algorithms for always-on activity classification, device context gesture detection, pedometer functionality, run time calibration and 6-axis and 9-axis sensor fusion. This device also features improved image stabilization hardware and algorithms reducing the software complexity for the OEM and generating a better imaging experience for the end user. By providing these capabilities on a single chip, we enable our customers to come to market more quickly with products that offer the advanced feature sets end users desire.
We're also driving towards improved stickiness in our design wins, as well as greater competitive differentiation between our solutions and those that take a more traditional component approach. In March, we announced the availability of our InvenSense Positioning Library, or IPL software enabling sensor-assisted positioning, which in combination with existing locations technologies, such as GNSS, enable higher precision and robust user experiences, such as in urban canyons, parking structures and indoor navigation. With industry-leading accuracy and the capability to fuse multiple location technologies, our solution is already shipping commercially in top brand smartphones.
Additionally, we are seeing active design interest from a highly diverse customer set outside mobile. Including application layer customers looking to license this product as a standalone software suite, we believe that navigation and context will be among the next major applications driving sensor proliferation in the mobile device wearable, industrial and automotive markets. And our investment in this area gives us a substantial lead over competing solutions.
Similarly, our early investments in imaging stabilization have allowed us to achieve a market-leading position in this key application. During fiscal 2015, optical image stabilization technology was adopted by Tier 1 manufacturers and is now on the roadmap of nearly every premium smartphone brand. As a result, our OIS sales increased by 162% from the previous fiscal year, providing InvenSense with a substantial content opportunity within the mobile device market. We believe OIS attach rates in mobile platforms are likely to double in 2016 to approximately 20% and sales thus far in the calendar year indicate that we are well on track for this level of growth.
In addition, we offer the most complete suite of hardware and software to enable electronic image stabilization capabilities for video, or panoramic imaging, or for OIS architectures that leverage the main 6-axis MotionTracking devices. We expect that over time, device manufacturers will expand the number of integrated cameras that offer OIS imaging capabilities, and we are well positioned to support this application in a variety of imaging architectures.

With OIS and software and algorithm content expansion opportunities already contributing to our results, we're also beginning to gain traction with many of our newer motion and audio sensor products announced in fiscal 2015.
For example, we recently won a key reference platform with a mobile device manufacturer in China for our new M-3 series multi-core hub, in which our solution replaces what would have been a discrete sensor and a sensor hub architecture. This device is a member of our recently-branded FireFly product family, the world's first sensor system on chip platform, integrating MEMS sensors with multi-core sensor processors and embedded ARM core memory and an open software framework. The integrated sensor processors are designed to collect and process data from internal and external sensors for data classification, run-time calibration and data fusion, thereby saving system power and improving performance. The InvenSense software framework in combination with industry-standard ARM tool chain, provides an open and powerful platform for creating cutting edge, always-on applications across many product segments.
FireFly products from InvenSense function as a sensor hub that developers can use to rapidly develop and launch new sensor-based features. Customer response to our first FireFly product has been positive, as the open arm development environment allows them to further differentiate their product through customizable features. While initial FireFly traction is coming from the mobile device manufacturers, the solution is also attracting the interest from a variety of applications outside of mobile, including wearables, smart home, gaming, drones, industrial and automotive. The open development platform, small footprint and power efficiency make it compelling as a standalone device or as the basis for a modular IoT device solution with full connectivity and memory.
Turning to audio, we continue to secure wins in high-performance applications across a number of verticals, following our January announcement of six groundbreaking new products. Traction for high-end audio and mobile device is still emerging, but we are seeing increased interest, increasing interest in the use of these solutions in contextual awareness application, which can fuse data gathered from a myriad of sensors, including motion, sound and environmental.
The same principle applies to the megatrend of IoT, where many types of sensors will ultimately connect a wide variety of devices across a highly fragmented set of vertical markets. We believe we have the best technology platform for creating and integrating sensors and combining them with the sophistication required to enable the most comprehensive, contextually intelligent IoT solutions.
In conclusion, fiscal 2015 was a transformational year for InvenSense, as our success in mobile and the advancement of our platform strategy laid important groundwork for continued achievement in the coming years. We enter fiscal 2016 with unprecedented scale in fabless MEMS and greater manufacturing and development scales and many CMOS-only fabless semiconductor companies. We've established a respected record of meeting the stringent customer demands and offer a broad portfolio of industry-leading sensor system solutions that we believe will continue to fuel customer and revenue diversification.
Collectively our current offering has the potential to double our served available market, opening up incremental revenue growth opportunities over the coming quarters. Further, these products and others in the year's pipeline provide us with multiple entry points into verticals beyond mobile such as wearables, smart home, industrial, and automotive where our technology provides significant value across a wide variety of applications.

While we expect mobile to remain the predominant contributor to our revenue in fiscal 2016, we are actively building partnerships and channels and engaging with customers in adjacent markets in order to drive our growth and development. Our products are serving an ever-increasing number of opportunities where demand is increasing steadily for low-power precision motion tracking and audio and we believe that many of these opportunities bring the potential to be the meaningful revenue and profit growth contributors in the years to come.
With that, I'll turn the call back to Mark for guidance for the first quarter of 2016.
Mark P. Dentinger - Chief Financial Officer
Thank you, Behrooz. For Q1 fiscal 2016 we are estimating that total revenue will be within a range of $100 million to $105 million. Our expectation for non-GAAP gross margins in Q1 is a range between 45% and 46%. Non-GAAP operating expenses are expected to rise by about $1 million compared with Q4. Our non-GAAP net other expense and our tax rate should be about flat with Q4. Non-GAAP EPS should be within a range of $0.11 to $0.13 per share assuming an average share count of about 93 million. If you are modeling us on a GAAP basis, our gross margins should be between 42% and 43% and GAAP EPS should be between a $0.03 loss and breakeven in Q1.
This concludes our prepared remarks and now I'll turn the call back over to our operator, Alex, for your questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Your first question comes from the line of Cody Acree with Ascendiant Capital. Please proceed.
Cody G. Acree - Ascendiant Capital Markets LLC
Thanks, guys, and congrats on a good quarter. Behrooz, you went through some of this, but maybe if you can give a little more specifics. And now that you have such a strong position with the top two handset makers, could rank order your 2016 expectations? And maybe give some degree of magnitude as far as revenue contribution? Or just growth drivers outside of those top two OEMs?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Well, in terms of a rank order, I believe that the growth will continue to come from China and OIS. We're really excited about the trend that we see in the OIS. As I mentioned, we see that it's on the roadmap of every premium handset brand. Today, keep in mind that today overall, we still serve only 25% of the total mobile market. So there's a great deal of opportunity, especially as the overall mobile market matures, we see that the premium brands continue to expand. And again, it's mostly in emerging markets, like China, and mostly on the back of new features, like imaging, like camera OIS, so that's what we're really excited about.
At the same time, we are – as I mentioned on the call, in the script – we are seeing early traction with the embedded hub. Our FireFly platform that integrates the ARM core, that has quite a bit of potential to increase the content and stickiness for us, so that's a initiative that we'll continue to push aggressively into the market. And as we move that into the market with our customers, we'll see a greater deal of attachment from other sensors that want to come through the hub through hub, with our software, and that will drive further stickiness with the software. So it's a – I feel that we're going to get into a virtuous cycle here, between the software and the hardware, with our new platform.
Cody G. Acree - Ascendiant Capital Markets LLC
And then, Behrooz, as you look at China as a driver, could you just talk about the health of the inventory channel? A lot of the component vendors have been talking about an inventory correction here in Q1 and maybe feeling a bit better about Q2. I'd just like to get your view on that? And then your competitive position in China? And if those Chinese OEMs continue to gain share globally, what impact might that have on your gross margins?

Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
In terms of the inventories, we don't really get impacted as much because we are continuing to increase our attach rates. So it's not like a maturing market that we see a lot of that. So, on the inventory, we really haven't seen much of an impact on us. So in terms of our position in China, we feel pretty strongly, especially as the top two Tier 2 – Tier 1 customers, here in the U.S. and in Korea, they're trying to get into China and into other markets. And the Chinese, obviously, need to differentiate themselves, so for them what's really important is differentiation time to market, and that's where we're the strongest.
Anytime they want to get to market with new features around sensors, which is really one of the very few places you can differentiate anymore, we believe that we got a very strong position. They're not looking for just a raw sensor. They're looking for a suite of software and integration, and new features such as OIS imaging and navigation and other features that they can drive into the market faster than the Tier 1. So we think that that trend will continue.
Cody G. Acree - Ascendiant Capital Markets LLC
And, Mark, with those local vendors continuing to grow, are you expecting much of an impact on overall gross margins?
Mark P. Dentinger - Chief Financial Officer
Well, that element of our gross margin mix is generally a positive contributor. We do a little bit better there in part because they like the solution-oriented element of what we offer. So, if the China market is strong, that typically can be good news for our gross margins.
Cody G. Acree - Ascendiant Capital Markets LLC
Great. Thanks, guys. Good luck.
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thank you.
Operator
And your next question comes from the line of Matt Ramsay with Canaccord. Please proceed.
Matthew D. Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.
Good afternoon, guys. Thank you. My first question is just to continue on China. From some work we've done and just reading the industry data it looks like LTE smartphones in China could go from 80 million or so last year to 250 million plus this year. Behrooz, maybe you could let us know where your 6-axis attach rate is in China right now? And where you see it in emerging LTE smartphones that are sold through the year? Thanks.
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah. I think the attach rates has gone up since last year to something around 20 percentage type of a number. And with LTE, obviously, anytime you have a lot more bandwidth, it means a lot more download of applications, and a lot of these applications use MotionTracking devices. But more importantly, for imaging it's also pretty exciting because more bandwidth means that you're going to snap a lot more pictures that you're going to send over the network and that's where OIS really – all kinds of image stabilization really shines, both OIS and EIS, which is the electronic images stabilization for taking videos. So, we think those are all positive trends for us and we're monitoring it. So we'll see where that goes.
Matthew D. Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.
Right. Understood. And then, I guess, if you look forward in your business through the year, I mean either, Behrooz or Mark, the guidance I think for revenue was a bit higher than I had anticipated anyway for Q1 given the seasonality of OEMs, et cetera. Maybe you could give a little bit of color as to the dynamic of the top line seasonality, et cetera through the year? Obviously this year's seasonal will look a little different than last year given the fact that you have the new bigger customer in Cupertino now. So any color you can give on seasonality through the year would be really helpful. Thank you.

Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Well, let me start, and then maybe Mark can chime in a little bit. In terms of – you're right. It's a little bit different this year. One is for because of the market share, not just with North America, but also across the globe, including China. But also the content, including OIS, that has gone up also. We – our products, there's a number of Tier 1 phones that are coming out that have OIS attached to them. And that content increase is also driving a little bit of different dynamic for us than the rest of the world. With that, do you have anything to add to that?
Mark P. Dentinger - Chief Financial Officer
Yeah. It's a fair point, Matt, in the sense that right now we're obviously revenue strong and it is still primarily a big bulk of that is coming from our strength at the big two OEMs. The dynamic should play out over the course of the year a little bit differently than last year because of the big ramp as you pointed out in Q3 of last year from the North American customer. But, right now, we are – it is revenue strong, and the focus of the business is trying to meet all of that demand and keep up with the manufacturing requirements.
Matthew D. Ramsay - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.
Thanks. I'll get back in the queue. Thank you very much.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Ruben Roy with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Thanks. Mark, if I could just follow-up on Matt's question in terms of the big customers and seasonally as we look out into the second half of this year. I know you discussed a little bit on the gross margin and some of the impacts as maybe China ramps up eventually. But kind of more near term, second half of this year, do you think gross margins sort of stick in this 45% to 46% range as those big customers ramp into the seasonally stronger period of the year? Or how does that play out?
Mark P. Dentinger - Chief Financial Officer
To be honest with you, what I see right now is a mid-40%s profile with our current mix of products and our current customers. What makes it a little difficult to forecast out toward the end of the second half of this year is that as these new products come in and if we get some additional pull from OIS in terms of its contribution to the total mix, we could get some gross margin relief at that point. But I think right now from the demand with our current profile, I see mid-40%s plus or minus through the middle of this year.
The nuance to that question is, well, do you see towards the end of the year some pull-up? We should be able to tell that if in Q3 we start processing meaningful orders, we would obviously process those in Q4, and they'd flow through the P&L at that point. Or if we get new pull from products that we have introduced this year and they don't – that doesn't materialize in Q4, obviously we won't feel that until Q1 of the following year. So I think the safest answer is I see mid-40%s plus or minus until we break out with the new products.
Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
That's helpful. Thanks for the detail, Mark. And then a follow-up for Behrooz. On the M-3 and congratulations on the reference platform win. Can you talk a little bit about the type of phone that you're seeing traction? You mentioned there were other mobile OEMs looking at the solution. I'm just wondering is this a high-end reference platform, or more of a medium range smartphone that you're having initial success with?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
That's actually a great question. And it's tough to answer because the medium and high-end are starting to morph into each other, quite frankly. I think that what we've seen in the last year is that the high end phones had a separate sensor hub, for example, and just a myriad of sensors. And those phones are starting to go into the mid-tier. And where we're really trying to address with this product was that as I've always said that really there's no need for a separate socket, a sensor hub socket in these phones that eventually it's going to get disintegrated into all the other processing chips that are in the phone. And that's what we're seeing. So for the most part, I would say it's in the mid to high tier with the very high tier most likely will probably continue to have a separate sensor hub for a while until the architectures, all these other architectures eat into that. So that's where I would characterize this type of a product.

Ruben Roy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Good. Okay. That's all I had. Thanks, Behrooz.
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thank you.
Operator
And your next question comes from the line of Ted Moreau with Barrington Research. Please proceed.
Theodore Joseph Moreau - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.
Thanks for taking my questions. Just, guys, you were talking a lot about the Internet of Things in your prepared remarks. So I was just curious, are these timeframes moving forward from your previous expectations and therefore, this gets a little bit more exciting for fiscal 2016?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
I think the whole Internet of Things, it's really – as you know, it's a very fragmented market. And the majority of them, if not all of them, use some kind of a sensor. So we're obviously focused on the ones that use motion, sound, and as we bring to bear other sensors in the future. But it's very fragmented, so we are already seeing design wins in those markets. But because of the fragmentation, this is really about building channels. And so that process has started actually one or two quarters ago and we'll continue to see this going forward.
I don't think in the IoT, there's maybe some markets that you'll see big chunks like maybe wearables at some point or automotive, but for the most part what you're going to see is continued buildup. And that's one of the reasons that the product that we have – especially this recent FireFly product is really targeted not just for mobile, but for the IoT where you typically have a sensor, have some kind of an ARM core, and then you attach some kind of a connectivity to it. And we felt that we can take on the processing and the sensor piece and the algorithms and then just attach connectivity and really have an IoT ready product and we're already seeing that happening.
Theodore Joseph Moreau - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.
Okay. That sounds good, thanks. And then recent teardowns of a fairly high-profile wearable showed that InvenSense was not included. So just wondering if there were any technological hurdles that maybe you didn't satisfy, or if you have any comments and could address that?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
No, not really. There wasn't anything technology related. What we've said in the past is that our product shines in the wearables that need to be very, very power conscience and need to be recharged maybe once a week or once every two weeks. So as long as you're not doing something like that, as long as you have to charge it every day, there's different sets of values, different sets of requirements for that, but there wasn't really anything technically in there – technologically in those types of decisions at that level.
Theodore Joseph Moreau - Barrington Research Associates, Inc.
Okay. Thank you very much.
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
All right.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Mark Delaney with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Mark T. Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Yeah. Good afternoon. And thanks very much for taking the questions. First question is a follow-up on the M-3 product with the integrated sensor hub. Can you give us a sense for the relative uplift you may see on ASPs as you start including that sort of functionality into the gyroscope? I mean, are we talking about something on the order of 20% or 40%, 50%? And then how we should think about the gross margin potential of that product, and if that would be within the target gross margin range for the company.
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah. In terms of the uplift, I would say it's anywhere in the range of 30% to 50%. Because of the ARM core and the memory, there's just a lot capabilities and the multiple cores in that. And in terms of gross margin, obviously, it's too early to tell. We are targeting that to be well above the corporate margin, but we'll see how the market bears. But yeah, that's where we're targeting it for.

Mark T. Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Okay. And then just in terms of the breadth of potential customers that may adopt that product?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah. Certainly, mobile is one target. But when you have the ARM core and a lot of memory and software, you can really address a lot of so-called IoT devices. So from wearables, we're seeing smart home, which starts with motion and audio remote controls where we have both the software, we brought the software from Movea, for example, for motion remote for TVs, and we're already seeing traction with that. We've already gotten design wins with that. So those are just some of the starting markets, but we do see it going to just about anything, including drones and automotive and industrial in the few quarters. So we really do see it as a great IoT device.
Mark T. Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Okay, that's helpful. And then, Behrooz, one last follow-up. You talked about expanding the addressable market into some of these other categories – wearables or drones or automotive. OIS and mobile, though, still drive the bulk of the company's revenue today. How quickly do you think some of these new markets could make up a larger percentage of the company's sales? Maybe something in the 10% or higher range as you look out?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
I'm hopeful that by – in the next fiscal year, not – I don't see it this fiscal year in terms of IoT. Obviously, the design wins, they take – it's a gestation time there for – because it's really about building channels. Now, in terms of the solution itself, its channels and software, and we have the software, we have the technology is applicable. The sensors itself, it really lends itself to all those markets. So we're really working with the ecosystem with a lot of partners, software partners in other markets, and getting on reference designs. That's the work. That's the heavy lifting that we're doing. The ARM core, the memory, all that, the hardware work is done. It's all about software and channels.
Mark T. Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Thank you very much.
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Did I answer your question? Just want to make sure.
Mark T. Delaney - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Yeah. You did. That was helpful. Thank you.
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
All right. Right.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Joe Moore with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Joseph L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Great. Thank you. You had talked about the microphone progress with several different verticals. Can you give us a little bit of color on which verticals you are serving there? And then, can you give us a sense of timeframe to get microphones back into phones?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Okay. Yeah. The microphones – what we see is that we definitely have the highest-performing microphones in terms of certain hardware specs. So the designs that – the feedback that we get back from the market where we're getting design wins are products like enterprise phones, TVs, large-screen TVs, where most places where you have – you require a very high signal to noise ratio in some of the enterprise communication devices, automotive. Those are some of the examples, wearables, because of the small size. So those are some of the examples of the design wins that we have.
In the mobile side, there are some design wins that we're looking at that we're getting traction. But quite frankly, as I said, the high-performance audio is still in the early stages in the mobile. We run into – and we expected this when we started that we'll run into good enough kind of issue with a lot of the phones for communication, you really don't need high-performance because you are really limited by the channel itself, by the cellular channel. But as LTE, voiceover LTE, wideband voice comes into play, that's where we think we have more opportunity. So we're looking at a lot of those. But I don't – it's pretty much in line with what we had expected in the mobile side.

Joseph L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Okay, great, thank you. And then for my follow-up – unless I missed it, I didn't hear you talking about 7-axis in your prepared comments – can you talk about is 7-axis still a part of your customers' roadmap in the short and intermediate term?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yes. Yes. Absolutely. Yeah. We have actually started sampling the 7-axis a while ago and it's in – and the customers – and again, that's because it's a new sensor, we're not going into the mainstream yet. And a lot of the guys that we talk to on the mobile side, they're not sure what they do with the pressure sensor that they have today. So what we're doing is we've developed a lot of software for context and navigation that we're pulling together with the 7-axis. But we definitely have started to sample customers. We have a couple of design wins, so it is very much a part of our roadmap. And you'll be hearing more about that in the future.
Joseph L. Moore - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Great. Thank you very much.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Richard Shannon with Craig-Hallum Capital Group. Please proceed.
Jorge Eduardo Rivas Reyna - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC
Hey, guys. This is Jorge sitting for Richard today. Most of my questions have been asked already, but I'm wondering if you can comment a little bit on your gross margins, specifically on your two owned (39:23) – your top two mobile customers. And can you just give us a general sense of the pricing trends with them?
Mark P. Dentinger - Chief Financial Officer
Yeah. Well, I can't give you any specific date on that, Jorge, for confidentiality reasons, but all I can say is that as is true with larger customers, there tend to be pricing agreements that go over multiple periods, and then the impact on gross margins is a function of the absolute magnitude that they contribute in terms of the customer mix, plus how the average selling prices move with respect to average unit cost to production.
So, with respect at the unit level computation, it's basically a function of how the average selling prices move relative to your improvements in yield over time. And those customers, right now, are doing a lot of volume and we smoothed things out, but right now they're a fairly large mix of our portfolio. We anticipate that they will continue to be at least through the middle of this year. So those are the dynamics but I can't share anything more with respect to the specifics. I hope you understand.
Jorge Eduardo Rivas Reyna - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC
Okay. I understand. Thanks for that. One last follow-up on the FireFly Sensor Hub. Can you guys provide any idea as far as the timing for an uptake of these units? Are we looking at win (40:45) towards the second half of the year or is this more of (40:50)?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
FireFly Sensor Hub.
Mark P. Dentinger - Chief Financial Officer
In terms of shipments you mean?
Jorge Eduardo Rivas Reyna - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC
Yes.
Mark P. Dentinger - Chief Financial Officer
Yeah. I think it'll be – by the time you get through the design phase, which we are in right now and start shipping, it'll be towards the end of the fiscal year by the time they ramp up. It's a little bit longer cycle than we have been with the regular 6-axis' and 3-axis' and all that, just because of the added complexity, the ARM core, all of the software that the customers actually have to put on there from their end. But, yeah, it should be starting out conservatively the end of this fiscal year.
Jorge Eduardo Rivas Reyna - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC
Okay. All right. That's all for me. Good luck, gentlemen. Thanks.
Mark P. Dentinger - Chief Financial Officer

Thank you.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Tom Sepenzis with Northland Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Tom Sepenzis - Northland Securities, Inc.
Hi. Thank you for taking my question. You gave a little bit of color in terms of the 6-axis penetration or attach rate in China. I was wondering if you could provide the same kind for the OIS and where are today? Where you think you can be end of this year?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
As I mentioned in the script, we see OIS heading towards that 20% attach rate of their premium handsets this year, which is double over last fiscal year and we pretty much – the trend that we've seen is supporting that, the revenue and shipment trends are supporting that. I could get really excited about it and then take it even higher just because we see it on everybody's road map these days but we're trying to make sure that those guys hit their ramps and come out before I get even more excited. But certainly we do see very strong traction just because of the – if you look at these smartphones especially the higher tier smartphones, it's really getting more, it's getting difficult to differentiate over too many things. And camera and imaging is one of the very few places where it's very tangible differentiation in the use case and we see that happening this year.
Tom Sepenzis - Northland Securities, Inc.
Great. Thank you. And did I hear correctly that the gross margins for that product is better than corporate right now?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Typically is has been, yes.
Tom Sepenzis - Northland Securities, Inc.
Excellent. Thank you. And then, lastly, I just was wondering if you could provide some kind of update in terms of the competitive landscape? Obviously, over the last year or two you've perhaps taken the lion's share of the market and I'm just curious as to what you're competitors are doing to try and get back in, if you're seeing them drop prices or doing anything drastic that we need to watch out for nine months from now?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Well, we really haven't seen them behave too differently than the past. It's been really around, mostly around pricing and so we don't expect the pricing landscape in terms of trends to really change that much. And quite frankly, this is what we expected two, three years ago when we embarked on building more value and that's the reason that we started making the investment in software and building the system because we felt that as playing in the component game eventually you are going to run into this situation where you have to make some decisions on either pricing or market share.
And so we expect that the competition will continue. We haven't seen change in their behavior in terms of building up systems or architectures or software. It's really a component game for them. They're a very good companies. They've got great components but the dynamic is still around pricing. So our focus is to really continue to build the value and at the component level, obviously, we continue to improve our cost structure and build the improved performance and yet there are places where we won't be chasing over after every socket. If it becomes a good enough pricing only, there are prices that we would probably have to walk away from some sockets at some point. But our path is towards building system, SoC and more stickiness on that system side.
Tom Sepenzis - Northland Securities, Inc.
Great. Thank you so much.
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Okay.
Operator
And your next question comes from the line of Suji De Silva with Topeka. Please proceed.
Suji De Silva - Topeka Capital Markets

Hi, Behrooz. Hi, Mark. Just a follow-up question on the OIS. Just a clarification. The 20% attach rate you quoted towards the end of the year, was that for the overall market or for China specifically. And if it is for just China, are you seeing traction for the OIS outside of the China market?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
No. That's for overall. That's attach rate to the premium handsets. So if you look at premium handset being about 25%, 25% to 30%, we do see the premium handsets growing faster than the overall market. But if you keep that in mind, then we're talking about 20% of that, and that's worldwide, including China. Definitely, we do see a lot of interest in China, actually ahead some of the other parts of the world. So I think that's a trend that will continue this year.
Suji De Silva - Topeka Capital Markets
Okay. Great. And my other question is on the M-3 product. It's a more design cycle intensive, software processor intensive product. Is it through the reference platforms that customers can take that to market? Or do they use your software? Customize their own software? How does that process go where they take advantage of it and still get to market in a reasonable amount of time?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
It's both. The reference design helps us in terms of being able to get to the market faster. It's a channel for us. We still do most of the software in terms of the integration, in terms of sensor, especially when we have the multiple cores, the ARM core for the most part is reserved for the customers for their features. And we use up our, the multi-core, the digital processor, the DMPs that we have and we program those. Basically what we do is we take away a lot of the standard features like calibration and fusion out of the way, and we do those at very low power inside those DSPs. So we do most of that work. And we do most of the plumbing in terms of the hardware, software integration. So when it goes on the reference, gets to the OEMs, ideally the OEMs only have to use the ARM core for their own features.
Now we do work with the OEMs directly also, so it's not just a reference design that we count on but it does make our job easier. And if they happen to use that reference design or that processor, it makes our job a whole lot easier in terms of supporting customers.
Suji De Silva - Topeka Capital Markets
Thanks for the color, Behrooz.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Krishna Shankar with ROTH Capital. Please proceed.
Krishna Shankar - ROTH Capital Partners LLC
Yes. I may have missed this answer, but what were the top two customers as a percent of the revenue? And also, what were China customers collectively as a percent of revenue this quarter?
Mark P. Dentinger - Chief Financial Officer
Yeah. The top two were 32% and 29% this quarter, Krishna, and I believe China was 18% of total revenues this quarter.
Krishna Shankar - ROTH Capital Partners LLC
Thank you. And then with respect to the Sensor Hub that you just discussed, the ARM core on that, is that the M-0 or the M-3? And do you feel that it has capabilities for lower-end wearables such as fitness and health bands or complete the smart watches running, Android Wear and full OS, can you talk about the application with respect to either fitness bands versus full smart watches?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Great question. It's an M-0 processor, but when you combine it with the DSPs, it really has the performance of an M-4 ARM core, with the power, at very low power at a fraction of the power, so that's really – that's the reason for the hybrid architecture. And we don't expect it to be the main processor in a wearable device. So if you've got a – and depending on the wearable or any other device. So if you've got a – if you're really looking to run a heavy OS, like Android, you need another processor and you need a full-blown microcontroller, even microcontrollers may not do it. You really need a microprocessor, like a Snapdragon or MediaTek's processor. But if you're looking to do all the sensor functions and some of the other functions around that, then it's very, very capable. It's more than capable to do, in doing that. So it's designed mostly for real-time operating systems in terms of operating sensor data; not for a heavy OS, like Android.

Krishna Shankar - ROTH Capital Partners LLC
So it would be a good fit for things like health and fitness wearables, things like that?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
It's a perfect fit for devices like that. Yeah. Because you're really collecting data and sending it over a Bluetooth to a smartphone, but if you really have to run an operating system with all kinds of display functionalities and other applications, it's really not a fit for that. But for health and fitness, absolutely, it's a great fit. Yes.
Krishna Shankar - ROTH Capital Partners LLC
Great. Thank you.
Operator
Your next question comes from the line of Alex Gauna with JMP Securities. Please proceed.
Alex D. Gauna - JMP Securities LLC
Hey, thanks for taking my questions. Congratulations on the nice result. Behrooz, you piqued my curiosity when, in touching on microphones, you talked about TV applications. I'm wondering if that is in regards to your new mic that you are making that comment in terms of the high signal-to-noise ratio that you've achieved. And if so, what about that is making it applicable in the Smart TV market? I would think that's the market that's less concerned with MEMS spacing and energy efficiencies, than, say, the mobile market? Thanks.
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thanks for the clarifying question. That's actually a good question. It's really not as much around power and space efficiency, that particular application. For motion remotes, it is about power and space efficiency. In the TV itself, it's about far field performance, the same as in a enterprise phone, a speaker phone like what we are using today. It's really about the signal to noise and really the signal clarity. And that's where we win in those markets. So if you look at the announcements that we did – we basically microphone is one of those devices, you can't just have one device that wins them all. You have to have a myriad of applications, size, performance, different sizes and performance. And that's so we have some that really fit into the TV and enterprise applications because of performance. And then, there are the ones that are in motion remotes and other wearables, which is really about size efficiency and power.
Alex D. Gauna - JMP Securities LLC
Okay. I got it. And then, one more – and Behrooz, you've touched on these topics a number of times in the call already, but with regard to the virtuous cycle that you're excited about for FireFly, is there a particular reason in that instantiation where you're not as worried about partitioning or integration risk such as there's a longer tail to its opportunity in the market? Thanks.
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah. If you look at, there's a lot of sensors in these devices, into phones, into just about every one of these smart devices these days. And the one sensor that's truly always on is really motion, because that's the one sensor that tells you whether the context of the device, where the device is. And that combined with sound. So the virtuous cycle that I'm talking about is that as you use the device, you start out with some key applications, which for us has been imaging and navigation. And as we build those together and then we build context around navigation. And context we mean where are you, what are you doing, how does it feel kind of thing.
As we start to build those, we feel that the ARM core and the processor becomes a hub for developers and for customers for OEMs to develop their own features to add other sensors that we haven't thought about to really improve the context and really differentiate their products. And that continues to – but when they do that, they have to really use our core software to attach to. And that really creates a virtuous cycle for us.

An example of this, we have today, we have well over 20,000 developers and these developers in the past, they've been using our sensors and then they go off and buy our microcontroller and they developed their products. And they do a lot of that on their own and they have to spend a lot of money a lot of time doing software that quite frankly could be completely embedded inside the motion hub. And when we do that this really does become a – truly an IoT device where the developers can take and they can bring their own features, their own sensors and attach it to it. So all of that really creates a cycle around a processor where our software and their software really get, create a higher level of integration and a higher level of performance.
Alex D. Gauna - JMP Securities LLC
Okay. I get it. Thanks. Congratulations. Nice quarter.
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thank you.
Mark P. Dentinger - Chief Financial Officer
Thank you.
Operator
And you have a follow-up question from the line of Cody Acree with Ascendiant Capital. Please proceed.
Cody G. Acree - Ascendiant Capital Markets LLC
Thanks, guys. Just one quick follow-up, Behrooz, you mentioned that things maybe on a competitive landscape hasn't changed all that much technically or pricing wise. But going back to a prior question on the Apple watch and your lack of inclusion there, with your prior lead, your early lead in module integration and then seeing STMicro included there, have we seen the competitors step up with their module ability? Or is that maybe, I guess a harbinger of things to come?
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
No. I don't think so. I think again ST has been there before with 3-axis and other devices, so I don't think it's – I wouldn't read too much into a particular design. Again, we don't expect to win every socket. There are a lot of factors that come into play when the customer makes a buying decision and we do see it as an opportunity for us. So it's a growth opportunity going forward and we think that we have a really outstanding solution for wearables and so in that particular case, I wouldn't read into it as a harbinger of things to come. So, yeah...
Cody G. Acree - Ascendiant Capital Markets LLC
Very good. Thank you.
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Those are (56:38) right place to be. Thank you.
Operator
There are no additional questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Behrooz Abdi, President and CEO for closing remarks.
Behrooz L. Abdi - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Well, thank you, everyone for participating in a productive call and our conference call this quarter. We will be presenting at the Barrington Research Spring Investment Conference in Chicago and the 12th Annual Craig-Hallum Investor Conference in Minneapolis. And I encourage you to check the Investor Relations section of our website for details. And as always, feel free to contact us if you would like to schedule a call or a meeting. And we look forward to speaking with you in the near future. Thank you.
Operator
Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Technology, Semiconductor Equipment & Materials, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All INVN TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Technology Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Technology StocksAT&T: Grand SlamT• Today, 6:54 PM • Quad 7 Capital•6 CommentsSeparating The Noise From (Encouraging) Fundamentals During Tech Sector VolatilityXLK, VGT, TECL• Today, 6:30 PM • Janus Henderson InvestorsAT&T: Does A Surprise Beat Alter The Thesis?T• Today, 6:21 PM • Stone Fox Capital•13 CommentsElectronic Arts: What To Watch For With EarningsEA• Today, 6:18 PM • Roman Luzgin•3 CommentsTears For Sears (And Other Amazon Competitors)AMZN• Today, 6:09 PM • David Pinsen•12 CommentsAdvanced Micro Devices, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAMD• Today, 6:02 PM • SA Transcripts•9 CommentsAT&T Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesT• Today, 6:01 PM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsIPG Photonics' Laser Technology - Mark Hibben's Idea Of The MonthEditors' Pick • IPGP• Today, 4:23 PM • Mark Hibben•1 Comment4% Dividend Yield From IBM: International Business Machinations?IBM• Today, 3:27 PM • Beulah Meriam K•5 CommentsNvidia: Earnings PredictionNVDA• Today, 3:08 PM • Earnings Forecast Focus•9 CommentsNordic Semiconductor's Renewed Growth Has Melted Some Of The SkepticismEditors' Pick • NDCVF• Today, 3:07 PM • Stephen Simpson, CFA•1 CommentExclusive Teardown Confirms New Samsung SupplierSSNLF• Today, 2:58 PM • Lou Basenese•5 CommentsPaypal: Pure Play On E-Commerce TransitionPYPL• Today, 2:58 PM • L&F Capital Management•2 CommentsAlphabet Falls After Earnings: Buying OpportunityGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 2:12 PM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•8 CommentsAlphabet - Solid Execution Continues, Buy On Further DipsGOOG, GOOGL• Today, 1:55 PM • The Value Investor•1 CommentAdvanced Micro Devices' Earnings Come Out Today After Market CloseAMD• Today, 1:42 PM • JJ Kinahan•60 CommentsSocial Network Facebook Gears Up To Report Q2 Earnings With Its Stock At New HighsFB• Today, 1:26 PM • JJ Kinahan•8 CommentsHP's Bold Acquisition Could Be A Positive For StockholdersHPQ• Today, 12:55 PM • Russell Naisbitt•10 CommentsHere's How Blue Apron Could SucceedAPRN• Today, 12:54 PM • Mike Berner•4 CommentsTaking Stock With Tech: Alphabet Sinks, Can AMD Float?AMD, GOOG, GOOGL• Today, 12:34 PM • Alex Cho•26 CommentsMicrochip Technologies: High Risk, Low RewardMCHP• Today, 11:57 AM • John DiCecco•4 CommentsCisco Is A Gamble That Might Pay OffCSCO• Today, 11:37 AM • Liu Jiao•13 CommentsApple Supplier Bets Big On U.S. - A Rangeley Capital DiscussionEditors' Pick • AAPL• Today, 11:28 AM • Chris DeMuth Jr.•5 CommentsBrokerage Or Tech Firm? Redfin's Valuation Requires The LatterRDFN• Today, 11:07 AM • David Trainer•1 CommentAlphabet Q2: Price Target Lowered To $1,050GOOG, GOOGL• Today, 10:54 AM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•1 CommentRedfin IPO: Tech Company, Real Estate Brokerage, or Something New?RDFN• Today, 9:41 AM • Fish and TipsLogitech International S.A. 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLOGI• Today, 9:19 AM • SA Transcripts•7 CommentsAMD: Brace YourselfAMD• Today, 9:06 AM • Kumquat Research•87 CommentsBlue Apron: Quiet Period Ends. Prepare To Sell The Bounce.APRN• Today, 8:14 AM • Bull & Bear Trading•13 CommentsIs Facebook Exaggerating Users And Is That A Threat To Its Valuation?FB• Today, 8:00 AM • NYC Trader•47 CommentsWhat's Driving Alphabet's Stock Price Weakness?GOOG, GOOGL• Today, 7:00 AM • D.M. Martins Research•20 CommentsWhy 'Dunkirk's' Success Means Much More To AT&T Than Investors May ThinkT• Today, 5:57 AM • The Entertainment Oracle•10 CommentsAmazon - The Many Thematic Tailwinds Pushing It ForwardAMZN• Today, 5:53 AM • Tematica Research•11 CommentsTableau Needs To Move Beyond Data VisualizationDATA• Today, 5:16 AM • Prasanna Rajagopal•6 CommentsKnowles Corporation: A Solid Investment IdeaKN• Today, 1:45 AM • The Knife Catcher•10 CommentsMomo 8.0: The Unavoidable ChangeMOMO• Yesterday, 11:39 PM • Ang Shen•4 CommentsA Critical Day For AT&TT• Yesterday, 11:23 PM • Quad 7 Capital•32 CommentsSamsung Wants A Piece Of TSMCSSNLF, TSM• Yesterday, 10:36 PM • Mark Hibben•11 CommentsSiemens Is Cheap And Healthineers Helps To Unlock The ValueSIEGY• Yesterday, 10:24 PM • Wubbe Bos•6 CommentsSnap: The Next Twitter?SNAP• Yesterday, 8:58 PM • Activist Stocks•68 CommentsAlphabet: Ignore The One-Time ChargesGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 8:46 PM • Stone Fox Capital•25 CommentsBaidu: Strong Upside, A Short-Term Trigger And A Bright FutureBIDU• Yesterday, 8:09 PM • Value Investigator•13 CommentsWhy You Should Sell Your Apple Shares Before The Next iPhone ReleaseAAPL• Yesterday, 7:42 PM • Michael A. Ball•121 CommentsFirst Solar - Q2 Earnings PreviewFSLR• Yesterday, 7:17 PM • Morningsidepark•18 CommentsLook Beyond The Storm Clouds Hovering Over Silicon MotionEditors' Pick • SIMO• Yesterday, 7:14 PM • Jenks Jumps•6 CommentsRambus, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRMBS• Yesterday, 7:01 PM • SA TranscriptsGroupon Should Still Have A Place In Your Long-Term PortfolioGRPN• Yesterday, 6:45 PM • Julie Kent•7 CommentsApple iPhone 8 Expectations Trending Lower Ahead Of EarningsAAPL• Yesterday, 5:45 PM • Alex Cho•49 CommentsPositioning For Verizon EarningsVZ• Yesterday, 5:43 PM • Josh Arnold•19 CommentsMicrosoft: Shareholders Are Set To Benefit From This StockMSFT• Yesterday, 5:27 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•14 CommentsSanmina Corp 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSANM• Yesterday, 5:03 PM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentArtificial Intelligence: The New Impulse For AlphabetGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 4:34 PM • Oleh Kombaiev•17 CommentsApple Is Likely To Switch To In-House ScreensAAPL• Yesterday, 4:16 PM • Roman Luzgin•21 CommentsBaozun: Is There More Upside In This 2017 Runner?BZUN• Yesterday, 3:47 PM • Jonathan Faison•35 CommentsFacebook Earnings Preview: Bullish On InstagramFB• Yesterday, 3:36 PM • L&F Capital Management•19 CommentsAMD: King Of The CrossoverAMD• Yesterday, 2:59 PM • Kumquat Research•79 CommentsWhy Amazon Needs To Improve Its B2B E-Commerce PresenceAMZN• Yesterday, 2:18 PM • Motek Moyen•16 Comments3 Reasons Why Facebook Could Disappoint This QuarterFB• Yesterday, 2:08 PM • D.M. Martins Research•31 CommentsAMD's Post-Earnings Target PricesAMD• Yesterday, 1:52 PM • Kwan-Chen Ma•201 CommentsMicrosoft's Office 365 Is The New WindowsMSFT• Yesterday, 1:19 PM • Beulah Meriam K•16 CommentsKeeping Stock With Tech: FANG Earnings Kicks Off This Week, With Google And FacebookFB, GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 12:37 PM • Alex Cho•18 CommentsQualcomm Is Dead MoneyQCOM• Yesterday, 12:33 PM • Kumquat Research•57 CommentsLighten Your Load Ahead Of Twitter EarningsTWTR• Yesterday, 12:12 PM • Amigobulls•11 CommentsAmazon Web Services To Experience A Downturn?AMZN• Yesterday, 12:09 PM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•19 CommentsAlphabet Earnings Preview: Google Parent Reports Q2 Results TodayGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 11:59 AM • JJ Kinahan•1 CommentIt's Not All Gloom And Doom For QualcommQCOM• Yesterday, 11:49 AM • Amigobulls•7 CommentsIs AT&T The Best Income Opportunity Available Today?T• Yesterday, 11:34 AM • Left Banker•30 CommentsSkyworks: Post-Earnings Valuation Reveals Solid Upside PotentialSWKS• Yesterday, 11:34 AM • Roman Luzgin•3 CommentsApple: Services Revenue Growth Suggests Higher Dividend IncreaseAAPL• Yesterday, 11:30 AM • Ploutos Investing•10 CommentsIBM: This Blue-Chip Stock Just Went On SaleIBM• Yesterday, 11:27 AM • Robert Riesen•29 CommentsMonopoly Scrutiny Of Amazon BaselessAMZN• Yesterday, 11:23 AM • Gary Bourgeault•21 CommentsMicrosoft: Cloud Growth Exceeds All Expectations, Shares Priced For Additional 50% UpsideMSFT• Yesterday, 9:41 AM • Ben Bortner, CFA•15 CommentsGeorge Risk Industries: The Perfect Value TrapEditors' Pick • RSKIA• Yesterday, 9:35 AM • John Zhang•6 CommentsMicrosoft: An Excellent Quarter From This Explosive Tech GiantMSFT• Yesterday, 7:07 AM • Sure Dividend•4 CommentsMicrosoft: Q4 2017 Valuation UpdateMSFT• Yesterday, 7:00 AM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•3 Comments123456...1161Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Avery Dennison's (AVY) CEO Mitchell Butier on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AVY•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  6:49 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Potlatch Corporation's (PCH) CEO Mike Covey on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PCH•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  6:41 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Consumer Portfolio Services' (CPSS) CEO Charles Bradley on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CPSS•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  6:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Pacific Premier Bancorp's (PPBI) CEO Steve Gardner on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PPBI•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  6:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Eli Lilly & Co. (LLY) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LLY•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Flagstar Bancorp's (FBC) CEO Sandro DiNello on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FBC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




HomeStreet's (HMST) CEO Mark Mason on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HMST•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:38 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Spectris' (SEPJF) CEO John O'Higgins on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SEPJF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Camden National's (CAC) CEO Greg Dufour on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CAC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Anadarko Petroleum (APC) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


APC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Anixter International's (AXE) CEO Bob Eck on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AXE•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:15 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Vedanta Resources' (VDNRF) CEO Thomas Albanese on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VDNRF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




FEMSA (FMX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FMX•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Randstad Holding's (RANJF) CEO Jacques van den Broek on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RANJF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:11 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




American Campus Communities' (ACC) CEO Bill Bayless on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Everest Re's (RE) CEO Dom Addesso on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RE•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:06 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Acme United's (ACU) CEO Walter Johnsen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACU•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




CommVault Systems' (CVLT) CEO Bob Hammer on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CVLT•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




General Motors (GM) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GM•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Saipem's (SAPMY) CEO Stefano Cao on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SAPMY•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Crane's (CR) CEO Max Mitchell on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CR•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Astec Industries' (ASTE) CEO Ben Brock on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ASTE•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




SK Hynix's (HXSCL) CEO Kim Jun Ho on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HXSCL•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




HCA Healthcare (HCA) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HCA•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




McDonald's (MCD) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MCD•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



HNI's (HNI) CEO Stan Askren on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HNI•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:00 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Equity Commonwealth's (EQC) CEO David Helfand on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EQC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Domino's Pizza (DPZ) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DPZ•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Waters (WAT) CEO Christopher O'Connell on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WAT•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




J & J Snack Foods' (JJSF) CEO Gerry Shreiber on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


JJSF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4435Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 



Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





















