

Acertus Capital Management




























Login



Client Login 














Chat




                    Chat may not be used to transmit instructions for financial transactions.
                



 
        1-866-377-8090 
Open an Account 
Advisor 
Event Calendar 













Home
About Us


About Us

Mission Statement
Why Beacon Trust?
Our History
Next Generation Service Team
Our People
Community Giving



Our People

Leadership
Wealth Management Team
Trust and Estate Team
Investment Management Team
Wealth Strategy Team
Tax Advisory Team
Board of Directors



Guiding you forward.


Services 


Investment Management

Open Architecture
ETF Asset Allocation Models
Equity Managed Accounts
Fixed Income Managed Accounts
Acertus Risk Controlled Investing



Financial Planning

Estate Planning


Tax Advisory and Preparation

Private Banking


Trust and Estate

Trust and Estate
Administration Services
Custody
Estate Settlement
Reporting



Guiding you forward.


Commentary 



Hoot & Holler


Beacon Research
Quarterly Publications
AMSI
Press Releases



Guiding you forward.


Institutional 


Institutional

Acertus Capital Management



Beacon Indexes

Methodology
Beacon Spin-off
Beacon Global Timber



Guiding you forward.


Education
Contact Us 


Contact Us

Information Request
Careers



Guiding you forward.



Banking





        You are leaving Beacon Trust’s website and going to a third party website. 
        This site may have privacy and security policies different from Beacon Trust. 
        Do not disclose any personal or financial information upon leaving the Beacon Trust website. 
        Beacon Trust Company and its affiliates are not responsible for the products, services and content on any third party website.
        
        Continue to ?
        


Acertus Capital Management



A Methodology to Control Risk
Acertus’s asset management professionals seek to deliver consistent, predictable returns by systematically investing in a series of tranches, each with its own predefined, formulaic risk and return pattern.  Each tranche is a combination of ETFs and/or traded options mathematically engineered with its own unique return pattern and investment period — to define the range of upside returns and downside losses. CBOE FLEX® options are employed to reduce equity risk and enhance upside return without borrowing costs or counterparty risk.        
The use of options and long/short equity strategies involve certain risks which may not be suitable for all investors. We need to determine your risk tolerance, investment goals, and other important factors before recommending suitable strategies.
The Acertus Family of Strategies
Each of the three Acertus long/short strategies is designed to address a specific risk tolerance and market outlook for performance and volatility. Each can be used individually or in combination as a core allocation and can also serve as a complement within an investor’s overall asset allocation. Many of our investors have selected two or more Acertus strategies in various weightings to further customize their risk reward profile.







Employs multiple return drivers to deliver desired risk-adjusted return patterns:










Directional/ Return Enhancement.
Income.
Hedge.










Utilizes combinations of options in a manner designed to:










Control Risk. 
Mitigate Volatility. 
Deliver superior Sharpe Ratios over a full market cycle. 










Employs proprietary time-series investment process that enables us to:










Take advantage of volatility. 
Create multiple entry and exit points throughout the year. 
Eliminate the effects of market timing.














 







 Privacy |
Important Information |
Contact Us

 Beacon Trust Company | 163 Madison Avenue, Suite 600, Morristown, NJ 07960 © 2015 Beacon Trust. All Rights Reserved.  
Securities and Investment Products:  NOT FDIC INSURED - MAY GO DOWN IN VALUE - NOT A DEPOSIT - NOT INSURED BY ANY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT AGENCY



Acertus Capital Management LLC: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























acertus capital management llc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Acertus Capital Management, LLC operates as an investment management firm. The Company offers portfolio management and advisory services to individuals, institutions, trusts, private funds, charitable organizations, and investment companies. Acertus Capital Management serves customers in the United States.




Corporate Information
Address:

163 Madison Avenue
6th Floor
Morristown, NJ 07960
United States


Phone:
1-973-206-7320


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.acertuscap.com























From The Web











Key Executives


D Erik Leishman


Senior VP/Head:Bus Dev







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Acertus Capital Management - 首页 | Facebook














Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？注册首页简介照片点评帖子社群创建主页社群查看全部4 位用户赞了4 位用户关注了简介全部莫里斯敦 465 South St 07960, NJ+1 973-206-7320Contact Acertus Capital Management on Messengerwww.acertuscap.com金融服务 · 信贷公司人气4 位用户赞了类似主页KickStart Capital金融服务Accutrac Capital信贷公司Brookmont Capital Management金融服务Financial Services 在莫里斯敦中这个主页赞了Liz ClamanThe MDE Group地点莫里斯敦Acertus Capital Management中文(简体) · English (US) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Français (France)隐私权政策 · 条款 · 广告发布 · 广告选项 · Cookie · 更多 Facebook © 2017点评Acertus Capital Management 还没有任何点评。你打几分？全部帖子Acertus Capital Management · 2014年6月25日 · Blog Post: Fund Managers Are Hooked on a Powerful Drug: Momentum http://acertuscap.com/blog-post-why-only-10-of-large-cap-m…/Blog Post: Fund Managers Are Hooked on a Powerful Drug: Momentum | Acertus Capital Management, LLCNews and Insights help keep our clients informed about our current views of the markets and investment management trends and practices. Please click on the links below to read our latest postings.acertuscap.comAcertus Capital Management · 2014年6月18日 · http://acertuscap.com/challengingly-boring-market-may-be-t…/Blog Post: “Challengingly Boring” Market May Be The Calm Before The Storm | Acertus Capital...News and Insights help keep our clients informed about our current views of the markets and investment management trends and practices.acertuscap.com全部帖子Acertus Capital Management · 2014年6月11日 · http://acertuscap.com/blog-post-low-market-volatility-a-pl…/Blog Post: Low market volatility—a plus or storm ahead? | Acertus Capital Management, LLCNews and Insights help keep our clients informed about our current views of the markets and investment management trends and practices. Please click on the links below to read our latest postings.acertuscap.comAcertus Capital Management · 2014年6月10日 · http://acertuscap.com/irrational-exuberance-amsi-surges-in…/Irrational Exuberance? AMSI Surges into Greed Territory | Acertus Capital Management, LLCNews and Insights help keep our clients informed about our current views of the markets and investment management trends and practices. Please click on the links below to read our latest postings.acertuscap.comAcertus Capital Management · 2014年4月28日 · http://acertuscap.com/a-new-market-sentiment-indicator-jou…/A New Market Sentiment Indicator (Journal of Indexes April 25, 2014) | Acertus Capital...News and Insights help keep our clients informed about our current views of the markets and investment management trends and practices. Please click on the links below to read our latest postings.acertuscap.comAcertus Capital Management · 2014年4月22日 · Acertus Strategy Review and Performance. http://acertuscap.com/quarterly-review/Quarterly Review |acertuscap.comAcertus Capital Management · 2014年4月9日 · http://acertuscap.com/momentum-stocks-sink-nasdaq-posts-wo…/Momentum stocks sink; Nasdaq posts worst day since February | Acertus Capital Management, LLCNews and Insights help keep our clients informed about our current views of the markets and investment management trends and practices. Please click on the links below to read our latest postings.acertuscap.comAcertus Capital Management · 2014年4月8日 · http://acertuscap.com/investor-warning-amsi-continues-to-s…/Investor Warning! AMSI Continues To Swing Upwards Straddling Complacency and Greed | Acertus...News and Insights help keep our clients informed about our current views of the markets and investment management trends and practices. Please click on the links below to read our latest postings.acertuscap.comAcertus Capital Management · 2014年4月7日 · http://www.forbes.com/…/how-to-play-a-complacent-stock-mar…/How To Play A Complacent Stock MarketGoing into full bear mode is not appropriate, but ignoring the valuation and macro risks would be imprudent.forbes.com|来自 Glassman Wealth ServicesAcertus Capital Management · 2014年3月11日 · http://acertuscap.com/amsi-reading-indicates-a-return-to-i…/AMSI Reading Indicates a Return to Investor Complacency | Acertus Capital Management, LLCNews and Insights help keep our clients informed about our current views of the markets and investment management trends and practices. Please click on the links below to read our latest postings.acertuscap.comAcertus Capital Management · 2014年2月11日 · AMSI Reading Swings Sharply from High Complacency http://acertuscap.com/amsi-reading-swings-sharply-from-hig…/AMSI Reading Swings Sharply from High Complacency | Acertus Capital Management, LLCNews and Insights help keep our clients informed about our current views of the markets and investment management trends and practices. Please click on the links below to read our latest postings.acertuscap.comAcertus Capital Management · 2014年1月22日 · http://www.investmentnews.com/artic…/20140121/FREE/140129993Investors may be blind to risk, survey saysIndicators show 'herd mentality' and tendency to dump money into equities.investmentnews.comAcertus Capital Management · 2014年1月20日 · Acertus Strategy Review 4Q 2013 http://acertuscap.com/…/4Q-2013-ACERTUS-Quarterly-Review.pdfAcertus Capital Management · 2014年1月14日 · Private Asset Management Q&A with Mitchell Eichen on Market Sentiment http://acertuscap.com/pam-qa-on-market-sentiment/Acertus Capital Management · 2014年1月9日 · http://www.forbes.com/…/danger-rises-with-market-as-invest…/Danger Rises With Market As Investors Lose Sense Of FearThe current AMSI reading of 66, when taking into account the interaction of its component parts, indicates growing market complacency, which is indicative of generally increasing market risk.forbes.com|来自 Glassman Wealth ServicesAcertus Capital Management · 2013年12月23日 · New Index More Robust Measure of Market Sentiment http://acertuscap.com/the-acertus-market-sentiment-indicat…/#!The Acertus Market Sentiment Indicator™ (AMSI™) | Acertus Capital Management, LLCNews and Insights help keep our clients informed about our current views of the markets and investment management trends and practices. Please click on the links below to read our latest postings.acertuscap.com更多


Top 5 Acertus Capital Management competitors in the financial services IndustryCATEGORIESCITIESSign InFind Companies > By Competitor > Acertus Capital ManagementAAcertus Capital ManagementLocationMorristown, NJRevenue$6mTotal Funding$–Founded2011Employees30StageprivateCompany Websiteacertuscap.com/LinkedInlinkedin.com/Acertus Capital ManagementAcertus offers a range of strategies that can help advisors address any market
outlook for client portfolios using a disciplined and rules-based approach. Do
you have a client who prefers low volatility with downside protection while
still achieving high single to low double digit returns in up markets? Do your
clients seek Alpha without taking on additional market risk? Do you have a
client portfolio in need of "Black Swan" event protection? How Advisors Benefit:
We can help advisors take a...  read more formulaic approach to delivering targeted returns
specific to a client's risk profile. With Acertus strategies, advisors can
customize and fine-tune the risk and reward characteristics of a client's
portfolio, thereby bending the risk curve without taking on additional market or
counterparty risk. Acertus offers advisors several ways to implement the
strategies into their portfolios. Advisors can invest client assets in mutual
fund, LP, or SMA structuresTop 5 Acertus Capital Management CompetitorsIncome Research & ManagementIEstimated Revenue$18mEmployees180LocationBoston, MAinvestment adviser,fixed income,investment management,investment bankingIncome Research & Management Homepage. Learn more about Who We Are, What We
Think, What We Do, and How We Work.FX ConceptsEstimated Revenue$7.5mEmployees40LocationNew York, NYsystematic fx,global macro,fx overlay and customized fx solutions,research and advisoryNetwork Solutions - Original domain name registration and reservation services
with variety of internet-related business offerings. Quick, dependable and
reliable.International Farming Corporation, LLCIEstimated Revenue$150mEmployees750LocationKinston, NCinvestment management,investment banking,financeInternational Farming Corporation is an agricultural asset manager with roots in
North Carolina agribusiness back to 1871. The firm leverages (i) extensive
agricultural operating...  read more knowledge, (ii) multi-generational industry
relationships, (iii) deep understanding of the vertically-integrated farm value
chain and (iv) an innovative, in-house ag-tech solutions platform. IFC currently
manages 50+ and consistently focuses on unlocking unrealized farmland value by
transforming mispriced or underinvested agribusiness assets into top-quality,
institutional-grade operationsHotchkis and Wiley Capital ManagementHEstimated Revenue$10.3mEmployees180LocationLos Angeles, CAinvestment management,value equity and high yield,finance,brokerageFor more than 30 years, Hotchkis & Wiley has been managing value portfolios for
institutional and individual investors. We offer value equity strategies across
the market...  read more capitalization spectrum as well as strategies that emphasize income
generation. This helps us meet the varying needs of our clients, which include
public plans, corporations, foundations, endowments, unions, sovereign wealth
funds, and sub-advisory relationships. Our firm was founded in 1980 by John
Hotchkis and George Wiley. They shared the belief that discipline and
independent analysis are the keys to finding undervalued securities that have
the potential for appreciation. By staying true to our founders' vision, over
the last three decades we have become a leading value investment management
firm. We have shown that value investing - properly executed - delivers a clear
path to long-term results. For us, this means continually improving our research
capabilities, following a well-defined investment process, capitalizing on the
flexibility that independent ownership affords us, and maintaining manageable
asset levels in all of our strategies. For our clients, this means striving to
deliver exceptional long-term results that meet or exceed their investment
objectivesGotham Asset Management, LLCGEstimated Revenue$7mEmployees40LocationNew York, NYinvestment management,investment banking,finance,brokerageGotham Asset Management, LLC is an equity management firm that offers domestic
and international value investing strategies to institutional clients. Joel
Greenblatt and Robert...  read more Goldstein serve as Managing Principals and co-CIOs for
Gotham, with over 50 years of combined investment experience. Gotham uses a
fundamental value discipline developed by Greenblatt, Goldstein and their team
of investment professionals to manage both long only and long/short equity
portfoliosSign up to search and download lists of companies like Acertus Capital ManagementRequest DemoSignals from Acertus Capital ManagementStart trial to view news on Acertus Capital Management.Start tracking companiesBusiness Data in your WorkflowSave time and work smarter with fresh data on companies, leads, and contactsLearn about DataFox APIs and Data324 5th Street 
San Francisco, CA 94107 (415) 969-2144info@datafox.comLinkedInTwitterDataFoxProductWho Benefits?CustomersCompanyBlogLearn MoreAccount-based MarketingSales Prospecting TipsSales Operations StrategyFastest-Growing Tech Companies By RegionTourSalesforce IntegrationSlack IntegrationChrome ExtensionDataFox APISupportEmail UsHelp CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service

Acertuscap : Acertus Capital Management, LLC |



































								• Buy Web Stat & Value Calculator Script


















Auto Detect
Domain Name
Tag or Keyword
E-Mail Address
IP Address
Name Server

 Lookup



Web Analysis for Acertuscap - acertuscap.com










Tweet













 1.83 Rating by CuteStat

acertuscap.com is 4 years 6 months  old. It has a global traffic rank of #5,005,179 in the world. It is a domain having .com extension. This site has a Google PageRank of 1/10. This website is estimated worth of $ 240.00 and have a daily income of around $ 1.00. As no active threats were reported recently by users, acertuscap.com is SAFE to browse.

Updated 2 years 8 months  ago


Display Domain Stats or Pagerank Widget for this domain on your website. Click Here

 Update Stat















Google Pagerank



PR 1 out of 10


PageSpeed Score

70


Siteadvisor Rating



									
																					Not Applicable
																			
								




See How This Website Looks Like in the Past


Check DNS and Mail Servers Health









Traffic Report



Daily Unique Visitors:

96



Daily Pageviews:

192





Estimated Valuation



Income Per Day:

$ 1.00



Estimated Worth:

$ 240.00





Search Engine Indexes



Google Indexed Pages:

Not Applicable



Yahoo Indexed Pages:

Not Applicable



Bing Indexed Pages:

Not Applicable





Search Engine Backlinks



Google Backlinks:

Not Applicable



Bing Backlinks:

Not Applicable



Alexa BackLinks:

4





Safety Information



Google Safe Browsing:

No Risk Issues



Siteadvisor Rating:

Not Applicable



WOT Trustworthiness:

Not Applicable



WOT Privacy:

Not Applicable



WOT Child Safety:

Not Applicable





Website Ranks & Scores



Google Pagerank:





Alexa Rank:

5,005,179



Domain Authority:

Not Applicable



DMOZ Listing:

No







Web Server Information










Hosted IP Address:
192.95.62.69



Hosted Country:

CA



Location Latitude:
45.3168


Location Longitude:
-73.8659








Page Title of acertuscap.com



Acertus Capital Management, LLC |








Page Resources Breakdown





Homepage Links Analysis












Social Engagement



Facebook Shares:

Not Applicable



Facebook Likes:

Not Applicable



Facebook Comments:

Not Applicable



Twitter Count (Tweets):

6



Linkedin Shares:

9



Delicious Shares:

Not Applicable



Google+:

1







Website Inpage Analysis




H1 Headings:

Not Applicable

H2 Headings:

1



H3 Headings:

Not Applicable

H4 Headings:

6



H5 Headings:

Not Applicable

H6 Headings:

Not Applicable



Total IFRAMEs:

Not Applicable

Total Images:

10



Google Adsense:

Not Applicable

Google Analytics:

UA-41148389-1






Websites Hosted on Same IP (i.e. 192.95.62.69)


International Society of Ethnobiology | an alliance for biocultural...

  - ethnobiology.net



    7,906,566    $ 8.95




The MDE Group

  - mdegroup.com



    14,921,815    $ 8.95




Register.ly: Ly domain registration, web hosting services

  - register.ly

Register.ly: Ly domain registration and hosting. Search, register and protect your domain name with .ly extension. Find the right domain name, right now‎!

    259,933    $ 19,440.00




You are being redirected...

  - vaesewp.com



    Not Applicable    $ 8.95






HTTP Header Analysis


Http-Version: 1.1
Status-Code: 200
Status: 200 OK
Server: Sucuri/Cloudproxy
Date: Fri, 14 Nov 2014 23:36:34 GMT
Content-Type: text/html; charset=UTF-8
Transfer-Encoding: chunked
Connection: keep-alive
X-Pingback: http://acertuscap.com/xmlrpc.php
Link: ; rel=shortlink
X-XSS-Protection: 1; mode=block
X-Frame-Options: SAMEORIGIN
X-Content-Type-Options: nosniff



Domain Information




Domain Registrar:

												NETWORK SOLUTIONS, LLC.
												



Registration Date:

2013-01-21
4 years 6 months 2 days  ago



Last Modified:

2013-03-04
4 years 4 months 2 weeks  ago



Expiration Date:

2015-01-21
2 years 6 months 5 hours  ago



Domain Status:

clientTransferProhibited






Domain Nameserver Information




Host
IP Address
Country





dns1.stabletransit.com


69.20.95.4
 United States



dns2.stabletransit.com


65.61.188.4
 United States





DNS Record Analysis




Host
Type
TTL
Extra




acertuscap.com
A
3595


IP: 192.95.62.69




acertuscap.com
NS
3599


Target: dns1.stabletransit.com




acertuscap.com
NS
3599


Target: dns2.stabletransit.com




acertuscap.com
SOA
3599


MNAME: dns1.stabletransit.com RNAME: ipadmin.stabletransit.com Serial: 1405962339 Refresh: 3600 Retry: 300 Expire: 1814400 



acertuscap.com
MX
3599


Priority: 1 Target: ASPMX.L.GOOGLE.com




acertuscap.com
MX
3599


Priority: 5 Target: ALT1.ASPMX.L.GOOGLE.com




acertuscap.com
MX
3599


Priority: 5 Target: ALT2.ASPMX.L.GOOGLE.com




acertuscap.com
MX
3599


Priority: 10 Target: ASPMX3.GOOGLEMAIL.com




acertuscap.com
MX
3599


Priority: 10 Target: ASPMX2.GOOGLEMAIL.com







Similarly Ranked Websites


ShaneHarris.com

  - shaneharris.com



    5,005,185    $ 240.00




Welcome to Models On-Line!

  - newstar.com

Online Modeling Database

    5,005,198    $ 240.00




مرحبا بك في hayalife.com | hayalife.com

  - hayalife.com



    5,005,223    $ 240.00




googydog.com

  - googydog.com



    5,005,236    $ 240.00




Safety Products & Gas Detection Nation Wide-Apollo Safety-Gas...

  - apollosafety.com

Safety Products & Gas Detection Nation Wide-Apollo Safety-Gas Monitor Calibration and Rental-Gas Detection, Instrument Installation and Repair from Apollo Safety, a...

    5,005,244    $ 240.00






Alexa Traffic Rank





Alexa Search Engine Traffic






Full WHOIS Lookup
Welcome to the Network Solutions(R) Registrar WHOIS Server.The IP address from which you have visited the Network Solutions Registrar WHOISdatabase is contained within a list of IP addresses that may have failedto abide by Network Solutions' WHOIS policy. Failure to abide by this policy canadversely impact our systems and servers, preventing the processing ofother WHOIS requests.To see the Network Solutions WHOIS Policy, click on or copy and paste the followingURL into your browser:http://www.networksolutions.com/whois/index.jhtmlIf you feel that you have received this message in error, please email us using the onlineform at http://www.networksolutions.com/help/email.jsp with the following information:Whois Query: acertuscap.comYOUR IP address is 162.254.148.162Date and Time of Query: Fri Nov 14 18:36:34 EST 2014Reason Code: IE

Comments / Ratings / Reviews / Feedbacks for acertuscap.com











If you are looking for advanced SEO keyword search tool to analyze your website rankings and top organic keywords, then visit Organic Keyword Research Tool

Purchase CuteStat Lite - v2.0.2

It is a professional and very powerful PHP Script to create your own dedicated website for Web Stat and Valuation Services.
Now with upgraded new version v2.0.2 which includes lots of new features.












Recently Added • 																			Recent Subdomain • 																			CuteStat Lite Tutorials • 																			Privacy Policy • 																			Advertise Here • 																			Purchase CuteStat Lite • 																			Contact Us									
									• CuteStat Bookmarklet

														
							
																Copyright © 2017 CuteStat.com, All Rights Reserved.  Any other Brand Information used from us are the properties of their respective owners. | Follow Author











































 


﻿







Acertus Capital Management Llc – Octafinance


















































 








Tuesday, 25 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds » Acertus Capital Management Llc 

Acertus Capital Management Llc 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Acertus Capital Management Llc and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/acertus-capital-management-llc/.CaptchaSubmitAcertus Capital Management Llc is a New Jersey-based institutional investor with more than $485.68 million AUM in March, 2014. This fund invests only a small percentage of its assets in equities and options. Taken from Acertus Capital Management latest Adv, the fund reported to have 14 full and part-time employees. Among which 6 performing investment advisory and research functions. The institutional investor had more than 174 clients.






Portfolio Q32016Market Value:$376,450,000Previous Mkt Value:$382,724,000Chg Mkt Value %:-1.64 % Sentiment:BearishTurnover %:0.00 %




Stocks ActivityNew Purchases:1Additional Purchases:0Sold out:0Reduced:4Top 10 Holdings %:99.99%






Acertus Capital Management Llc Portfolio Holdings
13F Report Date: 9/30/2016



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 



RANKTICKER / SECURITYTICKERVALUE (X1000)SHARES% PORT% PREV% AUM% CHGCHG 
SHARESCHGSECTOR NAMESECTOR WEIGHT 




                    1		

                    SPY - SPDR S&P 500 ETF TR		

                    SPY		

                    149,507		

                    691,200		

                    39.71		

                    38.90		

                    30.78		

                    -2.74		

                    -19,500		

                    Down		

                    FINANCE		

                    1.00		



                    2		

                    SPY - SPDR S&P 500 ETF TR (CALL)		

                    SPY		

                    146,001		

                    675,000		

                    38.78		

                    38.90		

                    30.06		

                    -5.02		

                    -35,700		

                    Down		







                    3		

                    SPY - SPDR S&P 500 ETF TR (PUT)		

                    SPY		

                    80,291		

                    371,200		

                    21.33		

                    38.90		

                    16.53		

                    -47.77		

                    -339,500		

                    Down		







                    4		

                    CSJ - ISHARES TR		

                    CSJ		

                    384		

                    3,627		

                    0.10		

                    0.00		

                    0.08		



                    3,627		

                    New		







                    5		

                    IVV - ISHARES TR		

                    IVV		

                    267		

                    1,227		

                    0.07		

                    0.09		

                    0.05		

                    -25.41		

                    -418		

                    Down		










ACERTUS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Sector Weightings & New Holdings






Top 5 New BuysIshares Tr0.10%----




13F Sector AllocationFinance100 %----






ACERTUS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT AUM, Portfolio Value and Historical 13F
Acertus Capital Management Llc had $485.68 million assets under management as of Friday, March 28, 2014. The historical portfolio values of the fund were: 
$392,247,000 in 2013Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$260,135,000 in 2014Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$208,647,000 in 2014Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$196,058,000 in 2014Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$201,035,000 in 2014Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$181,249,000 in 2015Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$392,425,000 in 2015Q3 – 13F Filing Available
$400,754,000 in 2015Q4 – 13F Filing Available
$397,893,000 in 2016Q1 – 13F Filing Available
$382,724,000 in 2016Q2 – 13F Filing Available
$376,450,000 in 2016Q3 – 13F Filing Available
*Institutional Portfolio Holdings information is filed by institutions with over $100 million in AUM on form 13F with the SEC.
*% AUM is the stock or security value as a percentage of the assets under management. AUM is taken from the latest fund filed SEC Adv. 
*The portfolio holdings report is limited to stocks and stock options of common and other shares, convertible preferred and convertible bonds. The report does not include cash, real estate and fixed income securities.
*Sentiment could be wrong because the fund might have increase or decrease its portfolio because of investments inflow or because an increase in short positions.


Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?























﻿







Hedge Funds – Octafinance



















































 








Tuesday, 25 July 2017

























 

Menu



Featured News


						2 years ago - Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its Ad Technology On Billboards To Cushion Itself Against Ad Blocks


						2 years ago - China Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking Crisis


						2 years ago - Marc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and Gold


						2 years ago - Carl Icahn Criticizes the Fed. Feels Bad For Investors Buying Junk Bonds


						2 years ago - John Burbank: European QE Can’t Save The Markets Same As the U.S. Quantitative Easing. Everything Will Be Liquidated









Home » Hedge Funds 

Hedge Funds 

Share with your friendsYour NameYour EmailRecipient EmailEnter a MessageI read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be interesting for you. The article is called Hedge Funds and is was published by Octafinance.com at http://www.octafinance.com/hedge-funds/.CaptchaSubmit
Hedge Funds Database
In our Free Hedge Funds Database we have listed more than 4000+ hedge funds and institutional investors. You can see the fund’s summary, employees, AUM, portfolio values, historical 13F, current portfolio, holdings, new positions, sector weights, sentiment, turnover, top 10 holdings and more.
What is a Hedge Fund? A Closer Look at Hedge Funds.
There are plenty of investment vehicles that financially savvy individuals can think about investing in or tracking. The hedge fund is just one of those, but it is also the one that is worth looking at. There’s an air of mystery about this type of investment vehicle, but it is not always a tough nut to crack. What investors need to do is to educate themselves on what hedge funds are and to understand what risks they should expect to expose their investments to.
How Do Hedge Funds Work?
Hedge funds are considered as viable alternatives to the existing forms of investment on the financial markets. However, it is not open to every individual investor. Rather, the funds are more ideal for people and institutions that have significant amount of assets that they want to be managed and grown. Managers typically pool together the assets of their clients to create a unified fund, and then they make their trades and investments using that single fund.
It is theoretically similar to mutual funds, but they differ in the techniques. That’s the reason why it’s not open to individual investors. There are significant risks involved – aside from traditional investment vehicles like the popular mutual funds and stock market options as well as bonds, hedge fund managers lean more towards high risk but sophisticated trading techniques to realize significant profits for their clients’ portfolio.
Adding to the risk exposure is the fact that hedge funds are not as closely regulated as the other financial instruments. Hedge fund managers are not always required to make filings and reports to the Securities and Exchange Commission, but that’s on a case to case basis. If the assets are large enough, the SEC will require reports. Hedge fund managers, however, are bound by law to protect their clients’ investments or face anti-fraud measures.
A Brief History of Hedge Funds
Hedge funds have a very long history. People and institutions began investing in this vehicle at the early 21st century. The funds never lost popularity over time. Before the recession hit, there was a total value of US$1.93 trillion being managed by hedge fund managers worldwide. The industry had a brief hiccup afterwards, because of the sub-prime mortgage crisis, but it eventually recovered. This is a testimony to how popular hedge funds really are, and how much investors are willing to trust their assets to managers.
Hedge fund assets totaled $2 trillion worldwide by April 2011, just three years after the crisis burst. By the third quarter of 2014, the worldwide value of assets under management or AUM is at $2.38 trillion and may continue to grow in the next years.
Hedge Fund Strategies
Hedge fund managers do not subscribe to a single strategy but, rather, they employ a combination of various strategies. It is not uncommon to find hedge fund managers putting some of the money in their management to purchase securities derivatives.
There are, however, some popular strategies that hedge fund managers acknowledge and use. Hedge fund managers will exercise any strategy and option within their discretion in response to several factors in the market.
Here are some of the strategies that hedge fund managers could use, either by itself or in tandem with other techniques in managing assets:

Global macro

This type of strategy relies on identifying macroeconomic events that take place around the world to make investment decisions. Managers generally look at the big picture globally to identify potential entry points for profitable investments. The Global Macro approach leverages multiple markets, and managers will employ long and short investment strategies to maximize profits from volatile market movements. This approach is very flexible, and very diversified as well because there are many variations of sub-strategy under this umbrella.

Directional

The directional strategy does not pay too much attention to what is happening to markets on a global basis. Instead, directional strategy dictates that fund managers look at each individual market movement when picking ideal investments. A typical action under this strategy is to invest in equities with an eye for the long term, and to couple that position with short-term buying and selling to hedge against risk.

Event-driven

Hedge fund managers following this philosophy are focused in following corporate events and leveraging their assets to earn from the market movement influenced by these occurrences. For instance, company consolidations and mergers can make possible upward movements in price. Event-driven hedge fund management will typically take positions before or after such events take place in order to leverage and earn profits from the price movements that occur. Even bankruptcy declarations can also spur action from event-driven hedge fund managers.

Relative value

Relative event hedge fund management focuses on finding price discrepancies and investing on those. This is the most technical of all the four management strategies discussed so far. Analysis is very comprehensive and somewhat holistic, as there are many types of analysis carried out under this strategy to identify the profitable price discrepancies.
How Do Hedge Fund Managers Approach Risk?
As mentioned above, hedge funds are not advisable for all types of investors because of the amount of risk involved in their operation. That is where risk mitigation comes in. In fact, managers operating in the hedge fund industry are described as being the most meticulous – they use the most stringent and the most precise means of protecting investments against the risks that the volatility of the market brings.
The most common method of reducing the risk exposure of managed assets is to diversify. The entirety of the funds used to set up the hedge funds are split between various investments, and varying investment positions. For instance, some of the funds may be put into long-term positions in low-risk, low-return funds that can steadily gain in the passage of time.
A portion of the funds may be invested in high-risk, high-return investment positions that the hedge fund manager may monitor in the short term, taking into consideration the risk factor and market environment.
In addition, hedge fund companies may employ risk officers. These are not people who are directly involved in trading, but have knowledge in how markets work. These risk officers will focus on identifying long and short-term risks to the assets under management, and will then work on creating a comprehensive risk management strategy that will be applied by the hedge fund managers for their managed assets.
Other techniques for managing risk in hedge funds include using risk management methodologies as well as operational due diligence.
Offshore and Onshore Hedge Funds
Because of their popularity and the global nature of their investment, hedge fund managers can be found all over the world. There are two types of hedge fund management companies, and they are the onshore and offshore hedge fund managers. Their differences lie mainly in the levying of tax on the investors’ earnings.
Offshore hedge fund managers give their investors the advantage of minimal tax consequences. For example, US-based investors who enjoy tax exemptions on their investments, particularly in retirement funds, will turn to offshore hedge funds. This helps them avoid being taxed for their income from the hedge funds.
On the other hand, if offshore hedge funds invest in instruments and securities in the United States, they can expect the US government to slap withholding taxes on their investments. However, there are no capital gains tax involved here – this is to make sure that offshore investors are not double-taxed for any increase on the value of their assets. Only their local jurisdiction has the legal right to levy any taxes on the investors for gains they see from their investments.
The presence of both onshore and offshore hedge management funds make the taxation more flexible and more personalized according to each investor’s personal expectations in taxation. In addition, it encourages global investment because of the measures imposed specifically to avoid the horrors of double-taxation – a common fear among investors who have eyes on diversifying globally.
Prominent Centers of Investment
The United States remains the center of global hedge fund management. 70% of the hedge fund managers that oversee the progress of global funds are based in the United States. The Securities and Exchange Commission has in its registry nearly 4,000 financial experts, as of April 2012, who handled management of hedge funds. These are found across the US, but most of them are based in New York City and Connecticut’s Gold Coast.
As for European hedge funds, London is the home of the managers with over 800 of them found in the city. In 2011, these firms were responsible for managing 85% of the hedge fund assets from continental Europe.
There is a growing market in Asia, particularly in Japan. Growing economic centers Hong Kong and Singapore are also experiencing a growth in hedge fund assets under management, but it will be some time before they achieve the demand in hedge fund managers enjoyed by the US and London in Europe. In fact, most of the hedge funds from Asia are managed by offshore companies based in these two centers.
Hedge Fund Industry – Assets Under Management




(USD Billions)
4rd Qtr 2014
3rd Qtr 2014
2nd Qtr 2014
1st Qtr 2014


Hedge Funds
$2478.6B
$2380.5B
$2339.4B
$2259.9B


Funds of Funds
$448.3B
$457.0B
$462.5B
$485.4B


Sectors






Convertible Arbitrage
$29.5B
$30.6B
$31.2B
$31.1B


Distressed Securities
$180.1B
$177.1B
$170.2B
$162.4B


Emerging Markets
$272.9B
$274.3B
$271.2B
$256.1B


Equity Long Bias
$208.8B
$203.1B
$200.9B
$194.6B


Equity Long/Short
$199.4B
$193.4B
$200.2B
$204.4B


Equity Long-Only
$130.5B
$125.2B
$125.2B
$116.8B


Equity Market Neutral
$43.4B
$37.9B
$34.1B
$32.2B


Event Driven
$290.9B
$285.1B
$275.6B
$251.0B


Fixed Income
$377.5B
$380.4B
$373.1B
$339.9B


Macro
$204.0B
$195.1B
$192.5B
$195.1B


Merger Arbitrage
$31.3B
$32.3B
$28.5B
$24.8B


Multi-Strategy
$276.1B
$264.2B
$254.0B
$276.5B


Other
$96.2B
$115.4B
$115.4B
$128.6B


Sector Specific
$138.1B
$131.7B
$132.2B
$127.6B



Hedge Funds are not the only alternative way to invest in the investment universe. A different class of investment are Managed Futures.

 
Commodity trading advisors are these that provide managed futures accounts or funds and they have very different return profile and correlations than hedge funds. Managed Futures offer a good way to diversify hedge fund or other traditional investments and in some cases could also offer lower minimum investment requirements. Because hedge funds are usually stock picking and don’t provide crisis alpha, managed funds which do, are a good way to avoid painful market correction.
Hedge Fund News
We offer completely free hedge fund news on more than 4000+ funds and their managers. Read about their traders, portfolios, strategies and returns. Don’t forget to also visit our hedge fund returns section where we have ranked the top 60 hedge funds by annualized returns since inception and listed their trading strategies and styles.

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.












 





Free Email Newsletter
    Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter:







Hedge Fund NewsTop 10 CITADEL ADVISORS 13F Holdings in Q3 2015DF DENT & CO INC Just Released Its Q3 2015 Stock PositionsMAVERICK CAPITAL Top 10 Holdings in Q3 2015Analyzing Ken Griffins CITADEL ADVISORS Stock Holdings in Q3 2015LONE PINE CAPITAL Top 10 13F Positions in Q3 2015Guru NewsFelix Zulauf Sees a Stock Market Correction Coming. This Rally S&P 500 (INDEXSP:.INX) Will Be Short-LivedMarc Faber Shares His Insight in One Hour Exclusive Interview. He Covers All From Commodities and China to Inflation, The Euro and GoldJim Grant: The Next Thing Might Be Helicopter Money. What to Buy and Where He Sees Investment OpportunitiesKyle Bass Bearish on Emerging Markets for at least 2 More Years. Looking to Short CurrenciesDavid Tepper Gets Defensive. Is it Time to Get Out of The Stock Market?


Macro NewsChina Margin Debt Hits 8-Week High, Japan Pumps’n’Dumps As Kyle Bass Fears Looming EM Banking CrisisAre US – Russian Relations A Zero-Sum Game?US and Russia have launched direct talks on the conflict in SyriaYuan Drops as PBOC Cuts Reference Rate by Most Since DevaluationCould the market crash like 1987?—put volume spike argues low is nearCTAs NewsRed Rock Just Published Report About The Trend Following Landscape & How CTAs’ Performance Must Be AnalyzedHow to Implement Dual Momentum for non-US InvestorsDo Commodity Trading Advisors (CTAs) Really Provide Crisis Alpha, Equity Hedge and Are Long Volatility?Futures NewsVictor Sperandeo Believes the Risk/Reward for Commodities Is 1/10. Recommends 5%-10% Allocation: iPath Bloomberg Commodity exchange-traded note (DJP)For Commodities, It’s 2008 All Over Again. 18 of the 22 components in the Bloomberg Commodity Index have dropped at least 20%Morgan Stanley Joins’s Gold Bearish Camp And Sees The Possibility of Gold Decreasing to $800 Per OunceRussian Majors Rosneft, Gazprom and Lukoil sit pretty at US$60/bblFour Houston oil companies among Goldman Sachs’ picks for likely acquisition targets : EOG Resources (NYSE:EOG), Noble Energy (NYSE:NBL), Anadarko Petroleum (NYSE:APC) and Cabot Oil & Gas (NYSE:COG)






















ACERTUS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC Form ADV Details as of 2015-02-09  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















WhaleWisdom /
Filer Search /
ACERTUS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC /
Form ADV Filing



Quick Nav

Top
Identifying Info
SEC Registration
Organization
Advisory Business
Clients
Compensation
AUM
Advisory Activites
Other Business
Custody
Disclosures



Form ADV Compilation Report
ACERTUS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC
Compilation done on 2015-02-09

Item 1 Identifying Information


A.


   Your full legal name (if you are a sole proprietor, your last, first, and middle names):





ACERTUS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC




B.


   Name under which you primarily conduct your advisory business, if different from Item 1.A. 





ACERTUS CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC




D.


   your SEC file number:





801-72500




E.


   If you have a number (“CRD Number”) assigned by the FINRA’s CRD system or by the IARD system, your CRD number





156942





    Principal Office and Place of Business
  




   465 SOUTH STREET
          SUITE 304
      MORRISTOWN
      NJ  07960
  






   Telephone number at this location:





973-206-7320







   Facsimile number at this location:





973-206-7321





      Mailing Address
    









I


   Do you have one or more websites?






 Yes
 No







HTTPS://WWW.ACERTUSCAP.COM





M


   Are you registered with a foreign financial regulatory authority?





  Yes
  No





N


   Are you a public reporting company under Sections 12 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934?





  Yes
  No





O


   Did you have $1 billion or more in assets on the last day of your most recent fiscal year?





  Yes
  No




Item 2 SEC Registration

To register (or remain registered) with the SEC, you must check at least one of the Items 2.A.(1) through
    2.A.(12), below. If you are submitting an annual updating amendment to your SEC registration and you
    are no longer eligible to register with the SEC, check Item 2.A.(13). Part 1A Instruction 2 provides
    information to help you determine whether you may affirmatively respond to each of these items.
    :
You (the adviser)


(1)




    are a large advisory firm
    




(2)




    are a mid-sized advisory firm
    




(3)




    have your principal office and place of business in Wyoming
    




(4)




    have your principal office and place of business outside the United States
    




(5)




    are an investment adviser (or sub-adviser) to an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940
    




(6)




    are an investment adviser to a company which has elected to be a business development
    company
    




(7)




    are a pension consultant with respect to assets of plans having an aggregate value of at least
    $200,000,000 that qualifies for the exemption in rule 203A-2(a)
    




(8)




    are a related adviser under rule 203A-2(b)
    




(9)




    ) are a newly formed adviser relying on rule 203A-2(c) because you expect to be eligible for SEC
    registration within 120 days;
    




(10)




    are a multi-state adviser that is required to register in 15 or more states and is relying on rule
    203A-2(d); 
    




(11)




    are an Internet adviser relying on rule 203A-2(e);
    




(12)




    have received an SEC order exempting you from the prohibition against registration with the
    SEC;
    




(13)




    are no longer eligible to remain registered with the SEC.
    


SEC Reporting by Exempt Reporting Advisors


(1)




    qualify for the exemption from registration as an adviser solely to one or more venture capital
    funds;
    




(2)




    qualify for the exemption from registration because you act solely as an adviser to private funds
    and have assets under management in the United States of less than $150 million;
    




(3)




    act solely as an adviser to private funds but you are no longer eligible to check box 2.B.(2)
    because you have assets under management in the United States of $150 million or more.
    


State Securities Authority Notice Filings and State Reporting by Exempt Reporing Advisors


C


   Under state laws, SEC-registered advisers may be required to provide to state securities authorities a copy
    of the Form ADV and any amendments they file with the SEC. These are called notice filings. In addition,
    exempt reporting advisers may be required to provide state securities authorities with a copy of reports and
    any amendments they file with the SEC. If this is an initial application or report, check the box(es) next to
    the state(s) that you would like to receive notice of this and all subsequent filings or reports you submit to
    the SEC. If this is an amendment to direct your notice filings or reports to additional state(s), check the
    box(es) next to the state(s) that you would like to receive notice of this and all subsequent filings or reports
    you submit to the SEC. If this is an amendment to your registration to stop your notice filings or reports
    from going to state(s) that currently receive them, uncheck the box(es) next to those state(s). 











CA
CT
FL
MI
NJ
NY
PA




Item 3 Form of Organization


A


   How are you organized:





Limited Liability Company 




B


   In what month does your fiscal year end each year? 





DECEMBER




C


   Under the laws of what state or country are you organized?





DE  UNITED STATES



Item 5 Information About Your Advisory Business


A


   Approximately how many employees do you have? Include full- and part-time employees but do not
     include any clerical workers.





14




B (1)


   Approximately how many of the employees reported in 5.A. perform investment advisory functions
    (including research)? 





6




(2)


   Approximately how many of the employees reported in 5.A. are registered representatives of a brokerdealer?





0




(3)


   Approximately how many of the employees reported in 5.A. are registered with one or more state
    securities authorities as investment adviser representatives? 





6




(4)


   Approximately how many of the employees reported in 5.A. are registered with one or more state
    securities authorities as investment adviser representatives for an investment adviser other than you? 





6




(5)


   Approximately how many of the employees reported in 5.A. are licensed agents of an insurance
    company or agency? 





0




(6)


   Approximately how many firms or other persons solicit advisory clients on your behalf? 





2



Clients


C (1)


   To approximately how many clients did you provide investment advisory services during your most
     recently completed fiscal year? 





More than 100 174




(2)


   Approximately what percentage of your clients are non-United States persons?





0




D (1)


   What types of clients do you have? Indicate the approximate percentage that each type of client
    comprises of your total number of clients. If a client fits into more than one category, check all
    that apply.









(a)


   Individuals (other than
    high net worth individuals) 





51-75 percent




(b)


   High net worth individuals





26-50 percent




(c)


   Banking or thrift institutions





0 percent




(d)


   Investment companies 





Up to 10 percent




(e)


   Business development companies





0 percent




(f)


   Pooled investment vehicles (other than
     investment companies)





Up to 10 percent




(g)


   Pension and profit sharing plans
     (but not the plan participants)





0 percent




(h)


   Charitable organizations 





0 percent




(i)


   Corporations or other businesses
     not listed above





0 percent




(j)


   State or municipal government entities





0 percent




(k)


   Other investment advisers





Up to 10 percent




(l)


   Insurance companies 





0 percent




(m)


   Other:





0 percent 




D (2)


   Indicate the approximate amount of your regulatory assets under management (reported in Item 5.F.
    below) attributable to each of the following type of client. If a client fits into more than one category,
    check all that apply









(a)


   Individuals (other than
        high net worth individuals) 





Up to 25 percent




(b)


   High net worth individuals





More than 75 percent




(c)


   Banking or thrift institutions





0 percent




(d)


   Investment companies 





Up to 25 percent




(e)


   Business development companies





0 percent




(f)


   Pooled investment vehicles (other than
         investment companies)





Up to 25 percent




(g)


   Pension and profit sharing plans
         (but not the plan participants)





0 percent




(h)


   Charitable organizations 





0 percent




(i)


   Corporations or other businesses
         not listed above





0 percent




(j)


   State or municipal government entities





0 percent




(k)


   Other investment advisers





Up to 25 percent




(l)


   Insurance companies 





0 percent




(m)


   Other:





0 percent 



Compensation Arrangements


E


   You are compensated for your investment advisory services by (check all that apply): 









(1)




    A percentage of assets under your management
    




(2)




    Hourly charges
    




(3)




    Subscription fees (for a newsletter or periodical)
    




(4)




    Fixed fees (other than subscription fees) 
    




(5)




    Commissions 
    




(6)




    Performance-based fees
    




(7)




    Other
    



Regulatory Assets Under Management


F (1)


   Do you provide continuous and regular supervisory or management services to securities
     portfolios? 






 Yes
 No





F (2) (a)


   If yes, what is the amount of your regulatory assets under management?  Discretionary





485681792.0




F (2) (b)


   If yes, what is the amount of your regulatory assets under management?  Non-Discretionary





0.0




F (2) (c)


   If yes, what is the amount of your regulatory assets under management?  Total





0.0




F (2) (d)


   If yes, what is the total number of accounts?  Discretionary





370




F (2) (e)


   If yes, what is the total number of accounts?  Non-Discretionary





0




F (2) (f)


   If yes, what is the total number of accounts?  Total





370



Advisory Activities


G


   What type(s) of advisory services do you provide? Check all that apply. 









(1)




    Financial planning services 
    




(2)




    Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses 
    




(3)




    Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as “business development companies”
     that have made an election pursuant to section 54 of the Investment Company Act of 1940) 
    




(4)




    Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies) 
    




(5)




    Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients
    (other than registered investment companies and other pooled investment vehicles) 
    




(6)




    Pension consulting services
    




(7)




    Selection of other advisers (including private fund managers)
    




(8)




    Publication of periodicals or newsletters 
    




(9)




    Security ratings or pricing services 
    




(10)




    Market timing services 
    




(11)




    Educational seminars/workshops
    




(12)




    Other
    




H


   If you provide financial planning services, to how many clients did you provide these services during your
    last fiscal year?





0







   If more than 500, how many?









I


   If you participate in a wrap fee program, do you (check all that apply): 









(1)




    sponsor the wrap fee program?
    




(2)




    act as a portfolio manager for the wrap fee program?
    




J


   In response to Item 4.B. of Part 2A of Form ADV, do you indicate that you provide investment advice only
    with respect to limited types of investments? 





  Yes
  No




Item 6 Other Business Activities


A


   You are actively engaged in business as a (check all that apply):









(1)




    broker-dealer (registered or unregistered)
    




(2)




    registered representative of a broker-dealer
    




(3)




    commodity pool operator or commodity trading advisor (whether registered or exempt from
    registration)
    




(4)




    futures commission merchant
    




(5)




    real estate broker, dealer, or agent 
    




(6)




    insurance broker or agent 
    




(7)




    bank (including a separately identifiable department or division of a bank) 
    




(8)




    trust company
    




(9)




    registered municipal advisor
    




(10)




    registered security-based swap dealer
    




(11)




    major security-based swap participant
    




(12)




    accountant or accounting firm 
    




(13)




    lawyer or law firm
    




(14)




    other financial product salesperson
    




B (1)


   Are you actively engaged in any other business not listed in Item 6.A. (other than giving investment
     advice)?





  Yes
  No





B (2)


   If yes, is this other business your primary business?





  Yes
  No





B (3)


   Do you sell products or provide services other than investment advice to your advisory clients?





  Yes
  No



Item 7 Financial Industry Affiliations and Private Fund Reporting


A


   This part of Item 7 requires you to provide information about you and your related persons, including
    foreign affiliates. Your related persons are all of your advisory affiliates and any person that is under
    common control with you.
    You have a related person that is a (check all that apply): 









(1)




    broker-dealer, municipal securities dealer, or government securities broker or dealer
    




(2)




    other investment adviser (including financial planners) 
    




(3)




    registered municipal advisor
    




(4)




    registered security-based swap dealer
    




(5)




    major security-based swap participant 
    




(6)




    commodity pool operator or commodity trading advisor (whether registered or exempt from
    registration) 
    




(7)




    futures commission merchant
    




(8)




    banking or thrift institution 
    




(9)




    trust company
    




(10)




    accountant or accounting firm
    




(11)




     lawyer or law firm 
    




(12)




    insurance company or agency
    




(13)




    pension consultant 
    




(14)




    real estate broker or dealer
    




(15)




    sponsor or syndicator of limited partnerships (or equivalent), excluding pooled
    investment vehicles 
    




(16)




    sponsor, general partner, managing member (or equivalent) of pooled investment vehicles
    




B.


   Are you an adviser to any private fund?






 Yes
 No



Item 8 Participation or Interest in Client Transactions


A. (1)


   Do you or any related person: buy securities for yourself from advisory clients, or sell securities you own to
     advisory clients (principal transactions)? 





  Yes
  No





(2)


   Do you or any related person: buy or sell for yourself securities (other than shares of mutual funds) that you
    also recommend to advisory clients?






 Yes
 No





(3)


   Do you or any related person: recommend securities (or other investment products) to advisory clients in
    which you or any related person has some other proprietary (ownership)
    interest (other than those mentioned in Items 8.A.(1) or (2))?





  Yes
  No





B. (1)


   Do you or any related person: as a broker-dealer or registered representative of a broker-dealer, execute
    securities trades for brokerage customers in which advisory client securities
    are sold to or bought from the brokerage customer (agency cross transactions)?





  Yes
  No





(2)


   Do you or any related person: recommend purchase of securities to advisory clients for which you or any related
        person serves as underwriter, general or managing partner, or purchaser representative?





  Yes
  No





(3)


   recommend purchase or sale of securities to advisory clients for which you or any
        related person has any other sales interest (other than the receipt of sales
        commissions as a broker or registered representative of a broker-dealer)?





  Yes
  No





C


   Do you or any related person have discretionary authority to determine the:









(1)


   securities to be bought or sold for a client’s account?






 Yes
 No





(2)


   amount of securities to be bought or sold for a client’s account?






 Yes
 No





(3)


   broker or dealer to be used for a purchase or sale of securities for a client’s account?






 Yes
 No





(4)


   commission rates to be paid to a broker or dealer for a client’s securities
    transactions?






 Yes
 No





D


   If you answer “yes” to C.(3) above, are any of the brokers or dealers related persons?





  Yes
  No





E


   Do you or any related person recommend brokers or dealers to clients?






 Yes
 No





F


   If you answer “yes” to E above, are any of the brokers or dealers related persons?





  Yes
  No





G (1)


   Do you or any related person receive research or other products or services
    other than execution from a broker-dealer or a third party (“soft dollar benefits”) in
    connection with client securities transactions?






 Yes
 No





(2)


   If "yes" to G.(1) above, are all the “soft dollar benefits” you or any
    related persons receive eligible “research or brokerage services” under section
    28(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934?





  Yes
  No





H


   Do you or any related person, directly or indirectly, compensate any person for
    client referrals?






 Yes
 No





I


   Do you or any related person, directly or indirectly, receive compensation from any
    person for client referrals?






 Yes
 No




Item 9 Custody


A (1)


   Do you have custody of any advisory clients’ cash or bank accounts?:





  Yes
  No





(2)


   Do you have custody of any advisory clients’ securities?:





  Yes
  No





(2) (a)


   If you checked “yes” to Item 9.A.(1)(a) or (b), what is the approximate amount of client funds and securities for which you have custody:









(2) (b)


   If you checked “yes” to Item 9.A.(1)(a) or (b), what is the total number of clients for which you have custody::









B (1)


   In connection with advisory services you provide to clients, do any of your related persons have
    custody of any of your advisory clients’ cash or bank accounts?:






 Yes
 No





(2)


   In connection with advisory services you provide to clients, do any of your related persons have
        custody of any of your advisory clients’ securities?:






 Yes
 No





(2) (a)


   If you checked “yes” to Item 9.A.(1)(a) or (b), what is the approximate amount of client funds and securities for which your related persons have custody:





25744700.0




(2) (b)


   If you checked “yes” to Item 9.A.(1)(a) or (b), what is the total number of clients for which your related persons have custody::





1




C


   If you or your related persons have custody of client funds or securities in connection with advisory services you provide to clients, check all the following that apply:









(1)




    A qualified custodian(s) sends account statements at least quarterly to the investors in the pooled investment vehicle(s) you manage.
    




(2)




    An independent public accountant audits annually the pooled investment vehicle(s) that you manage and the audited financial statements are distributed to the investors in the pools.
    




(3)




    An independent public accountant conducts an annual surprise examination of client funds and securities.
    




(4)




    An independent public accountant prepares an internal control report with respect to custodial services when you or your related persons are qualified custodians for client funds and securities.
    




D


   Do you or your related person(s) act as qualified custodians for your clients in connection with advisory services you provide to clients?









(1)


   you act as a qualified custodian





  Yes
  No





(2)


   your related person(s) act as qualified custodian(s)





  Yes
  No





E


   If you are filing your annual updating amendment and you were subject to a surprise examination by an
    independent public accountant during your last fiscal year, provide the date (MM/YYYY) the examination commenced:









F


   If you or your related persons have custody of client funds or securities, how many persons, including,
     but not limited to, you and your related persons, act as qualified custodians for your clients in connection with advisory services you provide to clients?





1


Item 10 Control Persons


A


   Does any person not named in Item 1.A. or Schedules A, B, or C, directly or indirectly, control your management or policies?





  Yes
  No




Item 11 Disclosure Information





   Do any of the events below involve you or any of your supervised persons?





  Yes
  No





A. (1)


   In the past ten years, have you or any advisory affiliate: been convicted of or pled guilty or nolo contendere (“no contest”) in a
    domestic, foreign, or military court to any felony?





  Yes
  No





A. (2)


   In the past ten years, have you or any advisory affiliate: been charged with any felony?





  Yes
  No





B. (1)


   been convicted of or pled guilty or nolo contendere (“no contest”) in a domestic,
    foreign, or military court to a misdemeanor involving: investments or an
    investment-related business, or any fraud, false statements, or omissions,
    wrongful taking of property, bribery, perjury, forgery, counterfeiting, extortion,
    or a conspiracy to commit any of these offenses?





  Yes
  No





B. (2)


   been charged with a misdemeanor listed in Item 11.B.(1)?





  Yes
  No





C


   Has the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) ever:









 (1)


   found you or any advisory affiliate to have made a false statement or omission?





  Yes
  No





 (2)


   found you or any advisory affiliate to have been involved in a violation of SEC
    or CFTC regulations or statutes?





  Yes
  No





 (3)


   found you or any advisory affiliate to have been a cause of an investment-related
    business having its authorization to do business denied, suspended, revoked, or
    restricted?





  Yes
  No





 (4)


   entered an order against you or any advisory affiliate in connection with
    investment-related activity?





  Yes
  No





 (5)


   imposed a civil money penalty on you or any advisory affiliate, or ordered you
    or any advisory affiliate to cease and desist from any activity?





  Yes
  No





D


   Has any other federal regulatory agency, any state regulatory agency, or any foreign
    financial regulatory authority:









 (1)


   ever found you or any advisory affiliate to have made a false statement or
        omission, or been dishonest, unfair, or unethical?





  Yes
  No





 (2)


   ever found you or any advisory affiliate to have been involved in a violation of
        investment-related regulations or statutes?





  Yes
  No





 (3)


   ever found you or any advisory affiliate to have been a cause of an investment-
        related business having its authorization to do business denied, suspended,
        revoked, or restricted?





  Yes
  No





 (4)


   in the past ten years, entered an order against you or any advisory affiliate in
        connection with an investment-related activity?





  Yes
  No





 (5)


   ever denied, suspended, or revoked your or any advisory affiliate’s registration or
        license, or otherwise prevented you or any advisory affiliate, by order,
        from associating with an investment-related business or restricted your or any
        advisory affiliate’s activity?





  Yes
  No





E


   Has any self-regulatory organization or commodities exchange ever:









 (1)


   found you or any advisory affiliate to have made a false statement or omission?





  Yes
  No





 (2)


   found you or any advisory affiliate to have been involved in a violation of its
         rules (other than a violation designated as a “minor rule violation” under a plan
         approved by the SEC)?





  Yes
  No





 (3)


   found you or any advisory affiliate to have been the cause of an investment-
         related business having its authorization to do business denied, suspended,
         revoked, or restricted?





  Yes
  No





 (4)


   disciplined you or any advisory affiliate by expelling or suspending
         you or the advisory affiliate from membership, barring or suspending you or
         the advisory affiliate from association with other members, or otherwise
         restricting your or the advisory affiliate’s activities?





  Yes
  No





F


   Has an authorization to act as an attorney, accountant, or federal contractor granted
    to you or any advisory affiliate ever been revoked or suspended?





  Yes
  No





G


   Are you or any advisory affiliate now the subject of any regulatory proceeding that
    could result in a “yes” answer to any part of Item 11.C., 11.D., or 11.E.?





  Yes
  No





H (1)


   Has any domestic or foreign court:









 (a)


   in the past ten years, enjoined you or any advisory affiliate in connection with any
             investment-related activity?





  Yes
  No





 (b)


   ever found that you or any advisory affiliate were involved in a violation of
             investment-related statutes or regulations?





  Yes
  No





 (c)


   ever dismissed, pursuant to a settlement agreement, an investment-related
             civil action brought against you or any advisory affiliate by a state or foreign
             financial regulatory authority?





  Yes
  No





 (2)


   Are you or any advisory affiliate now the subject of any civil proceeding that could
    result in a “yes” answer to any part of Item 11.H(1)?





  Yes
  No











Elevate your investments
Try it for free















Acertus Capital Management, LLC: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 25, 2017 7:52 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Acertus Capital Management, LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for Acertus Capital Management, LLC
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeMitchell Dennis Eichen J.D., LLMNo RelationshipsChief Executive Officer, and Portfolio Manager--Erman K. Civelek CFA, CAIA,CFPNo RelationshipsSenior Vice President, Investment Strategist, and Portfolio Manager--Erik   Leishman  No RelationshipsSenior Vice President, Strategy Specialist, and Head of Institutional Sales --John   Longo Ph.D., CFANo RelationshipsChief Investment Officer, and Portfolio Manager--Christopher   Shagawat CFANo RelationshipsPortfolio Manager--
Acertus Capital Management, LLC Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeThere is no Board Members data available.
Acertus Capital Management, LLC Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry Range










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESThere is no Executive Change data available.Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Acertus Capital Management, LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























