

Act II Management LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























act ii management lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Act II Management, L.P. operates as a hedge fund manager. The Company provides investment advisory services to pooled investment vehicles.




Corporate Information
Address:

295 Madison Avenue
Suite 8E
New York, NY 10017
United States


Phone:
1-212-247-2990


Fax:
1-212-957-0073























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































	ACT II MANAGEMENT, L.P. Trademark of Act II Management, L.P.. Serial Number: 76341000 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
ACT II MANAGEMENT, L.P.










 
Get FREE email alerts













ACT II MANAGEMENT, L.P.  Trademark Information
 Act II Management, L.P.
Financial services, namely, investment advisory services, investment management services and asset management services




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   services         investment   advisory   services      investment   management   services   asset   management   services    
                                    




This is a brand page for the ACT II MANAGEMENT, L.P. trademark by Act II Management, L.P. 
                                in New York, NY, 10022.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this ACT II MANAGEMENT, L.P. trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Act II Management, L.P. of the ACT II MANAGEMENT, L.P. trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the ACT II MANAGEMENT, L.P. trademark.
                           






On Wednesday, November 21, 2001,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        ACT II MANAGEMENT, L.P. by 
                        Act II Management, L.P., New York, NY  10022.
                        The USPTO has given the ACT II MANAGEMENT, L.P. 
                        trademark serial  number of  76341000.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE.
                        The correspondent listed for ACT II MANAGEMENT, L.P. is 
                        
                        
                                            SCOTT M. KAREFF of 
                                            SCHULTE ROTH & ZABEL LLP,  919 3RD AVE, NEW YORK NY 10022-3902 
                                .
                            The ACT II MANAGEMENT, L.P. trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for ACT II MANAGEMENT, L.P. 
                            is Financial services, namely, investment advisory services, investment management services and asset management services. 
                            





Word mark:
 ACT II MANAGEMENT, L.P.


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE

6/6/2014



  Serial Number:  
76341000


  Filing Date:  
11/21/2001


 Registration Number:  
2780300 


 Registration Date:  
11/4/2003


 Goods and Services: 
Financial services, namely, investment advisory services, investment management services and asset management services


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
8/6/2002


Last Applicant/Owner:

Act II Management, L.P.New York, NY  10022
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("MANAGEMENT L.P.")


 Correspondent:


SCOTT M. KAREFF
SCHULTE ROTH & ZABEL LLP
919 3RD AVE
NEW YORK NY 10022-3902






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
3/1/2002


First Use In Commerce: 
3/1/2002





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your ACT II MANAGEMENT, L.P. trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

6/6/2014
CONTINUED USE NOT FILED WITHIN GRACE PERIOD, UN-REVIVABLE


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



SCOTT M. KAREFF


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of ACT II MANAGEMENT, L.P. trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search actiimanagementlp on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for ACT II MANAGEMENT, L.P. 




ACT II MANAGEMENT, L.P. is providing Financial services, namely, investment advisory services, investment management services and asset management services.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version




































The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (ULTI) Stake Boosted by State Street Corp - Watch List News



















































Home
About
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact
























Headlines
Business
US News
Health
World
Investing
Technology




















The Ultimate Software Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Ultimate Software Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow Watchlist News

 











Latest News



ValuEngine Upgrades Oritani Financial Corp. (NASDAQ:ORIT) to Buy					

FORTERRA INC (FRTA) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Hold					

TriState Capital Holdings, Inc. (TSC) Lifted to Buy at ValuEngine					

WisdomTree Investments, Inc. (NASDAQ:WETF) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine					

Evoke Pharma Inc (EVOK) Lifted to Hold at ValuEngine					

ValuEngine Upgrades Exponent, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXPO) to “Hold”					

Cigna Corporation (NYSE:CI) Rating Lowered to Hold at ValuEngine					

Tableau Software, Inc. (DATA) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine					

Aemetis, Inc (AMTX) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research					

CymaBay Therapeutics’ (NASDAQ:CBAY) Outperform Rating Reiterated at CIBC					

DragonWave Inc (NASDAQ:DRWI) Downgraded by Desjardins to “Sell”					

SPS Commerce, Inc. (SPSC) Now Covered by Analysts at Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc.					

Discovery Communications, Inc. (DISCK) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research					

Northern Trust Corporation (NASDAQ:NTRS) Price Target Cut to $83.00					

Umpqua Holdings Corporation (NASDAQ:UMPQ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stephens					

Deutsche Bank AG Cuts QUALCOMM Incorporated (QCOM) Price Target to $60.00					

Digital Turbine, Inc. (APPS) Downgraded by ValuEngine					

Inter Parfums, Inc. (NASDAQ:IPAR) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research					

ValuEngine Lowers Belden Inc (NYSE:BDC) to Hold					

Deutsche Bank AG Lowers Northern Trust Corporation (NTRS) Price Target to $93.00					



Archives

July 2017
June 2017
May 2017
April 2017
March 2017
February 2017
January 2017
December 2016
November 2016
October 2016
September 2016
August 2016
July 2016
June 2016
May 2016
March 2016
November 2015
October 2015
September 2015
August 2015
July 2015
June 2015
May 2015
April 2015
March 2015
February 2015
January 2015
December 2014
November 2014
October 2014
September 2014
August 2014
July 2014
June 2014
May 2014
April 2014
March 2014
February 2014
January 2014




 




						The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (ULTI) Stake Boosted by State Street Corp					

						 July 7th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Micah Haroldson 


							Filed Under: Investing - SEC Filing Articles 






Tweet










State Street Corp increased its position in  The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:ULTI) by 3.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 745,602 shares of the technology company’s stock after buying an additional 25,767 shares during the period. State Street Corp’s holdings in The Ultimate Software Group were worth $145,553,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. 
A number of other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Acrospire Investment Management LLC boosted its position in  The Ultimate Software Group by 50.0% in the first quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 600 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $117,000 after buying an additional 200 shares in the last quarter.  Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. boosted its position in  The Ultimate Software Group by 1,318.0% in the first quarter. Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. now owns 709 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $138,000 after buying an additional 659 shares in the last quarter.  Sphera Funds Management LTD. bought a new position in  The Ultimate Software Group during the first quarter worth $156,000.  Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. boosted its position in  The Ultimate Software Group by 11.7% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 859 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $156,000 after buying an additional 90 shares in the last quarter.  Finally, Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank boosted its position in  The Ultimate Software Group by 24.6% in the first quarter. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank now owns 1,090 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $213,000 after buying an additional 215 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own  99.38% of the company’s stock. 
The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:ULTI) opened at 210.18 on Friday. The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. has a 52 week low of $180.29 and a 52 week high of $225.63. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $215.78 and its 200 day moving average price is $200.84. The company has a market capitalization of $6.25 billion, a PE ratio of 208.10 and a beta of 1.07. 




The Ultimate Software Group (NASDAQ:ULTI) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The technology company reported $0.75 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.73 by $0.02. The Ultimate Software Group had a return on equity of 6.88% and a net margin of 3.23%. The company had revenue of $228.49 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $228.87 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.73 EPS. The Ultimate Software Group’s revenue for the quarter was up 22.0% compared to the same quarter last year.  On average, equities research analysts anticipate that  The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. will post $3.98 EPS for the current year. 
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first  published by Watch List News and is owned by of Watch List News. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.watchlistnews.com/the-ultimate-software-group-inc-ulti-stake-boosted-by-state-street-corp/1420461.html. 
A number of equities analysts have weighed in on the company. BidaskClub cut The Ultimate Software Group from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, June 30th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. assumed coverage on The Ultimate Software Group in a report on Monday, June 26th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $240.00 price target for the company. Canaccord Genuity  restated a “buy” rating and issued a $240.00 price target on shares of The Ultimate Software Group in a report on Thursday, May 25th. Pacific Crest  restated an “overweight” rating and issued a $255.00 price target (up previously from $240.00) on shares of The Ultimate Software Group in a report on Monday, June 26th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group  restated a “buy” rating on shares of The Ultimate Software Group in a report on Monday. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and sixteen have given a buy rating to the company. The stock  has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $239.36.
In related news, VP Adam Rogers sold 3,482 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, April 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $198.92, for a total value of $692,639.44. Following the sale, the vice president now owns 51,477 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $10,239,804.84. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, Director James A. Fitzpatrick, Jr. sold 4,630 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, April 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $198.95, for a total value of $921,138.50. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 15,421 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,068,007.95. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 5.60% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. 
About The Ultimate Software Group
The Ultimate Software Group, Inc (Ultimate) is a cloud provider of people management solutions, referred to as human capital management (HCM). The Company’s UltiPro product suite (UltiPro) is an engaging solution that has human resources (HR), payroll and benefits management. As of December 31, 2016, UltiPro included global people management, available in 14 languages with more than 35 country-specific localizations.
Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ULTI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:ULTI).



Receive News & Ratings for The Ultimate Software Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Ultimate Software Group Inc. and related companies with Analyst Ratings Network's FREE daily email newsletter.



 










Micah Haroldson 























 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Sirius XM Making Big Investment In Pandora





Tax Reform Not Going Quite As Planned





Western Digital Files Lawsuit To Halt Toshiba Chip Business Sale





Sinclair Broadcast Group Announces Deal For Tribune Media





Starbucks Has A Hit With Its Unicorn Frappuccino











			© Watch List News, LLC 2008-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Staff 
			| Contact 

















































Act II Management, L.P. - Company Profile










































 Act II Management, L.P.
                        

Active













Follow



 Share
                        





 PDF
                        

 Excel
                        
























Act II Management, L.P. Overview
  Act II Management, L.P. filed as a Foreign Limited Partnership in the State of New York on Wednesday, November 14, 2001 and is approximately sixteen years old, as recorded in documents filed with New York Department of State. A corporate filing is called a foreign filing when an existing corporate entity files in a state other than the state they originally filed in. This does not necessarily mean that they are from outside the United States. 




Sponsored


             Learn More
        
        D&B Reports Available for

        Act II Management, L.P.
    













Corporate Filings for Act II Management, L.P.








New York Department of State





                                    Filing Type:
                                

Foreign Limited Partnership                                



                                    Status:
                                

Active




                                    State:
                                

                                    New York
                                



                                        Foreign State:
                                    

Delaware                                    



                                        County:
                                    

                                        New York
                                    



                                    State ID:
                                

                                    2698964
                                



                                    Date Filed:
                                

                                        Wednesday, November 14, 2001
                                    



                                        DOS Process
                                    

                                        Act II Capital, L.L.C. Wargo & Company, Inc.
                                    



                                        Source Record
                                    


                                            NY DOS
                                            










Corporate Notes









Source
Date
Type
Note








                                        11/14/2001
                                    

                                        Name History/Actual
                                    

                                        Act II Management, L.P.
                                    










Advertisements










Source







New York Department of State
                                Data last refreshed on Wednesday, June 1, 2016
                            









What next?






Follow


Receive an email notification when changes occur for Act II Management, L.P..
Notifications include:

New company roles
Change in active status
Location updates
New connections






Follow








Create Account


Create a free account to access additional details for Act II Management, L.P. and other profiles that you visit
Benefits include:

Access to more records
Full screen network visualizer
Follow profiles
See how people are connected




 Create Account
                                














            Advertisements
        





















                Wiki
            


 Edit this profile
                




1
                    Corporate Records

                



                                NY

2001
Foreign Limited Partnership
                            





                Source
            





                        New York Department of State
                    







top






















You must be signed in to print.
Once signed in, look for the PDF button.




















$3.32 Billion in Sales Expected for Viacom Inc. (VIAB) This Quarter | Daily Political










































































Home
About/Contact
Columnists
Privacy Policy
























Headlines
Politics
Nation
World
Issues
Economy
Finance




















Viacom Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily

		Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Viacom Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter:



 






Follow DailyPolitical

 
 










Latest News



Supreme Industries, Inc. (STS) Lowered to Strong Sell at BidaskClub					

Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc. (NYSE:GSBD) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $33.36 Million					

Jefferies Group Research Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (NYSE:HPE)					

Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Resource Capital Corp. (RSO) to Hold					

$3.32 Billion in Sales Expected for Viacom Inc. (VIAB) This Quarter					

Mullen Group Ltd (MTL) Given New C$19.00 Price Target at CIBC					

Medical Properties Trust, Inc. (MPW) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy”					

Gemphire Therapeutics Inc. (GEMP) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research					

Plains All American Pipeline, L.P.’s (PAA) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Stifel Nicolaus					

Par Pacific Holdings, Inc. (PARR) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research					

Royal Bank Of Canada Lowers Trilogy Energy Corp (TET) Price Target to C$5.00					

SM Energy Company (NYSE:SM) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Bank of America Corporation					

Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Price Target Raised to C$229.00					

Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect iPass (NASDAQ:IPAS) Stock Price					

Zacks Investment Research Lowers Navistar International Corporation (NAV) to Sell					

Yelp Inc. (YELP) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $205.15 Million					

Royal Bank Of Canada Boosts Dominion Diamond Corp (DDC) Price Target to C$18.00					

BB Healthcare Trust PLC (LON:BBH) Plans GBX 1.75 Dividend					

Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Stock Price Up 0.4% Following Analyst Upgrade					

GrubHub Inc (GRUB) CFO Adam Dewitt Sells 2,000 Shares					





 





						$3.32 Billion in Sales Expected for Viacom Inc. (VIAB) This Quarter					

						 July 20th, 2017  - 0 comments - Filed Under -
 by Patrick Bannon 


							Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance 







Tweet










Analysts expect Viacom Inc. (NASDAQ:VIAB) to post sales of $3.32 billion for the current quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Five analysts have made estimates for Viacom’s earnings, with estimates ranging from $3.21 billion to $3.46 billion. Viacom posted sales of $3.11 billion in the same quarter last year, which suggests a positive year over year growth rate of 6.8%. The business is expected to issue its next earnings results after the market closes  on Thursday, August 3rd.
On average, analysts expect that Viacom will report full-year sales of $3.32 billion for the current year, with estimates ranging from $13.04 billion to $13.60 billion. For the next fiscal year, analysts forecast that the company will report sales of $13.60 billion per share, with estimates ranging from $13.31 billion to $14.11 billion. Zacks’ sales averages are a mean average based on a survey of research analysts that that provide coverage for Viacom.
Viacom (NASDAQ:VIAB) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $0.79 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.59 by $0.20. Viacom had a return on equity of 32.00% and a net margin of 9.32%. The company had revenue of $3.26 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.03 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.76 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 8.5% compared to the same quarter last year. 




A number of research analysts recently commented on VIAB shares. Guggenheim  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $50.00 target price on shares of Viacom in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. Rosenblatt Securities started coverage on Viacom in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $45.00 target price on the stock. FBR & Co increased their target price on Viacom from $45.00 to $48.00 and gave the company a “mkt perform” rating in a research note on Monday, April 10th. Jefferies Group LLC  reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $52.00 target price on shares of Viacom in a research note on Monday, April 17th. Finally, Pivotal Research  reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $40.00 target price on shares of Viacom in a research note on Sunday, April 23rd. Five analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have assigned  a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the stock. The company  has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $43.14.
COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “$3.32 Billion in Sales Expected for Viacom Inc. (VIAB) This Quarter” was first  posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/07/20/3-32-billion-in-sales-expected-for-viacom-inc-viab-this-quarter.html. 
Viacom (NASDAQ VIAB) traded up 0.345% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting $36.325. The company had a trading volume of 2,553,445 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $34.75 and its 200-day moving average is $39.62. Viacom has a 52 week low of $32.68 and a 52 week high of $46.72. The firm has a market capitalization of $14.59 billion, a P/E ratio of 12.008 and a beta of 1.57. 
The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, July 3rd. Investors of record on Thursday, June 15th were issued a dividend of $0.20 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend  was Tuesday, June 13th. This represents a $0.80 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.21%. Viacom’s payout ratio is 26.40%. 
Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. increased its position in shares of  Viacom by 0.7% in the first quarter. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. now owns 7,186 shares of the company’s stock valued at $335,000 after buying an additional 53 shares during the last quarter.  Cleararc Capital Inc. increased its position in shares of  Viacom by 0.9% in the first quarter. Cleararc Capital Inc. now owns 8,495 shares of the company’s stock valued at $396,000 after buying an additional 72 shares during the last quarter.  Stratos Wealth Partners LTD. increased its position in shares of  Viacom by 0.6% in the first quarter. Stratos Wealth Partners LTD. now owns 11,781 shares of the company’s stock valued at $549,000 after buying an additional 76 shares during the last quarter.  Suntrust Banks Inc. increased its position in shares of  Viacom by 0.5% in the first quarter. Suntrust Banks Inc. now owns 21,318 shares of the company’s stock valued at $991,000 after buying an additional 106 shares during the last quarter.  Finally, Great Lakes Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of  Viacom by 0.7% in the first quarter. Great Lakes Advisors LLC now owns 16,983 shares of the company’s stock valued at $792,000 after buying an additional 112 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own  76.62% of the company’s stock. 
Viacom Company Profile
Viacom Inc offers global media brands that create television programs, motion pictures, short-form content, applications, games, consumer products, social media experiences and other entertainment content. As of September 30, 2016, the Company offered its services for audiences in more than 180 countries.
Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Viacom (VIAB)
For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com





Receive News & Ratings for Viacom Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Viacom Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.



 
















 Comment on this Post

Click here to cancel reply.



Name (required)

Mail (will not be published) (required)

Website






Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be placed in moderation!




Latest News




Jeff Sessions Spoke of Resigning After Tensions Increase with Trump





President Trump’s Tweets Complicate Already Complicated Week





World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump





Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected





Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea














			© DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. 


Privacy Policy |
			About | Columnists 
			| Contact 































































ACT II MANAGEMENT%2C LP | ACT II MANAGEMENT, LP Portfolio - 2017 Stock Picks and Performances 





























Home




 Homepage


 Membership Levels


 Membership Data Coverage


 Complete Stock List


 Founder's Message


 The Book


 FREE Trial






Screeners


Value Screens 


 All-In-One Screener


 Industry Overview


 Ben Graham Net-Net


 Undervalued Predictable


 Buffett-Munger Screener


 Magic Formula (Greenblatt)


 Historical Low P/S List


 Historical Low P/B List


 Peter Lynch Screen


 High Short Interest


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Lows


 52-Week/3Y/5Y Highs


 Predictable Companies


 S&P 500 Grid


 Dividend Stocks


 Spin Off List




Downloads | Tools


  Excel Add-In GURUF


 Manual of Stocks™


 Download Financial Data


 Download Guru Portfolios


 Download Stock PDFs


 Download Insider Data


  API


 Mobile App




Strategies


 Performances


 Buffett-Munger


 Undervalued Predictable


 Low P/S


 Low P/B


 Broadest Owned


 Most Weighted






Gurus




 Latest Guru Picks


 Real Time Picks


 List of Gurus (Personalize)


 Gurus Portfolios


 Scoreboard


 Top 10 Holdings View


 Sector Picks


 International Picks


 Aggregated Portfolio


 Consensus Picks


 Guru Bargains


 Hot Picks


 Industry Trends


 Geographic Trend


 ETFs


 Options


 European Shorting






Insiders




 All Insiders


 CEO Buys/Sales


 CFO Buys/Sales


 Insider Cluster


 Guru+Insider Double Buys


 Triple Buys/Sales


 Insider Trends


 Canadian Insider


 Dutch Insider






Market


Market Valuation


 Economic Data


 Industry Overview


 Market-Cap/GDP Valuation


 Global Market Valuation


 Shiller P/E


 Shiller P/E By Sectors


 Buffett Assets Allocation




By Country


 USA


 Australia


 Canada


 China


 Germany


 India


 Japan


 UK


 More...






Articles


Articles


 Editor's Picks


 GuruFocus Research


 Value Ideas


 Interviews with Gurus


 Top Ranked


 Value Idea Contest


 Videos


 Following Authors




Submit Articles


 Writers Wanted


 Value Contest Winners


 Submit Articles Online


 My Articles






Conference




 Value Conference


 Speakers


 Location/Venue


 Register


 After Conference Gathering (Free Drinks)






Tutorials




 Tutorials & Webinars


 FAQ


 Contact Us






Log In




 Free Sign-up


 Log In


 7-Day Free Trial 






Subscribe




 Free Trial ($399/Year)


 Refer a Friend & Earn $50














Warren Buffett


Bruce Berkowitz


George Soros


Seth Klarman


David Tepper


John Paulson


David Einhorn


Mohnish Pabrai


Prem Watsa


Bill Ackman


Joel Greenblatt


Carl Icahn


Arnold Schneider


Arnold Van Den Berg


Barrow, Hanley, Mewhinney & Strauss


Bill Ackman


Bill Gates


Bill Nygren


Bruce Berkowitz


Carl Icahn


Full Gurus List




Gurus List





Search
Compare

Search ▾










Get 7-Day Free Trial



My Portfolios▾
                        
Portfolios Overview
Create New Portfolio
Portfolio Contest


My Gurus▾
                        
Quick Browse
Personalize

My Gurus

Premium Gurus 
Premium Plus Investors 























ACT II MANAGEMENT, LP 

                Last Update: 05-12-2017 
            





                    Number of Stocks: 19

                    Number of New Stocks: 4




                    Total Value: $138 Mil

                    Q/Q Turnover: 11%


Countries:
                
 











This content requires JavaScript.

Details: Top Buys | Top Sales | Top Holdings  Embed:  



Bookmark

Print


Tweet















Bookmark Name:









			This page was added to your Bookmark.
		



Members Only. Please Sign Up or Log In first.




			Bookmark of this page has been deleted.
		




Add to Personalized Guru List
Remove from Personalized Guru List
RSS Update




LatestStock PicksCurrent PortfolioProfile/PerformanceSector Weighting




ACT II MANAGEMENT, LP has been successfully added into your Personalized Guru List.
        



ACT II MANAGEMENT, LP has been removed from your Personalized Guru List.
        



            This feature is only available for Premium Members, please sign up for
            GuruFocus Premium Membership

7-Day Free Trial Now





ACT II MANAGEMENT, LP has been successfully added into Guru Email Alerts list.
        



ACT II MANAGEMENT, LP has been removed from Guru Email Alerts list.
        



This feature is only available for Members, please Sign Up for FREE membership.
                If you have already signed up, please Log In






ACT II MANAGEMENT, LP's Portfolio is for Premium Plus  Membership subscribers only.

	
	GuruFocus Premium Plus  Membership
(This is a new feature)


 Gain access to the portfolios and trades of ALL 13F filers
 Their trading history
 Aggregated portfolio of any combinations among them
 Email alerts
 Excel Add-in for fully customized data downloads and research
 API for Guru/Insider data downloads (Realtime & historical)


7-Day Free Trial
Learn more








Add Notes, CommentsIf you want to ask a question or report a bug, please create a support ticket.






Select portfolio(s):








                        Create a new portfolio



Why you are interested?



            Your selection and notes will be stored in your portfolio.
        


Login to add portfolio















Get WordPress Plugins for easy affiliate links on Stock Tickers and Guru Names
                    | Earn affiliate commissions by embedding GuruFocus Charts

                                                GuruFocus Affiliate Program: Earn up to $400 per referral.  ( Learn More) 













Home  About   Jobs    Advertise    Site Map    Term of Use    Privacy Policy     RSS    Mobile App     Email Alerts    Referral Program    Affiliate Program    FAQ    Contact Us
                               

                © 2004-2017                GuruFocus.com, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
            


                    Disclaimers: GuruFocus.com is not operated by a broker, a dealer, or a registered investment adviser. Under no circumstances does any information posted on GuruFocus.com represent a recommendation to buy or sell a security. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The gurus may buy and sell securities before and after any particular article and report and information herein is published, with respect to the securities discussed in any article and report posted herein. In no event shall GuruFocus.com be liable to any member, guest or third party for any damages of any kind arising out of the use of any content or other material published or available on GuruFocus.com, or relating to the use of, or inability to use, GuruFocus.com or any content, including, without limitation, any investment losses, lost profits, lost opportunity, special, incidental, indirect, consequential or punitive damages. Past performance is a poor indicator of future performance. The information on this site, and in its related newsletters, is not intended to be, nor does it constitute, investment advice or recommendations. The information on this site is in no way guaranteed for completeness, accuracy or in any other way. The gurus listed in this website are not affiliated with GuruFocus.com, LLC.



                    Stock quotes provided by InterActive Data. Fundamental company data provided by Morningstar, updated daily.


















GF Chat {{numOfNotice}}




























×
Manage BookMarks





Close








FEEDBACK























The High Point Observer



 













 













































Trending
Finance
Market
Business
Contact








Latest Headlines





Hamilton Lane Advisors Has Raised Acceleron Pharma  (XLRN) Position; Endeavour Capital Advisors Has Cut By $2.28 Million Its Banner (BANR) Stake
test
Endeavour Capital Advisors Inc decreased Banner Corp (BANR) stake by 22.4% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. Endeavour Capital Advisors Inc sold 41,502 shares as Banner Corp (BANR)’s stock declined 8.96%. (more…)




Westwood Management Trimmed Ppg Industries (PPG) Position; Briggs & Stratton (BGG) Shorts Lowered By 4.35%
Helix Energy Solutions Group (HLX) Is At $5.69 Formed Wedge, Pool Has 0.89 Sentiment
GlaxoSmithKline PLC (LON:GSK) Investors: JP Morgan Cazenove Reiterates “Neutral” Rating, Shorts at Bunge Limited (BG) Lowered By 21.73%
AO World (LON:AO) Stock Rating Kept by JP Morgan Cazenove; The GBX 140.00 Target Indicates 19.15% Potential, Blackbaud (BLKB) Sentiment Is 0.99
Analysts See $0.08 EPS for LSI Industries, Inc. (LYTS); Profile of 9 Analysts Covering Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE)




Crescent Point Energy Ordinary Shares (Canada) (CPG) Is At $7.35 Formed Wedge, Newtyn Management Has Cut By $14.21 Million Its Spirit Aerosystems Hldgs (SPR) Stake
Wilbanks Smith & Thomas Asset Management Has Lifted By $330,174 Its International Business Machine (IBM) Holding, Actuant (ATU) Has 1.12 Sentiment
JP Morgan Cazenove Reiterates GBX 2400.00 TP On Ultra Electronics Holdings PLC (LON:ULE), Reiterates “Overweight” Rating; Century Aluminum Co (CENX)’s Sentiment Is 1.25
Analysts See $0.90 EPS for America’s Car-Mart, Inc. (CRMT), Belmond Limited (BEL) Shorts Raised By 7.01%
Analysts See $0.72 EPS for Adtalem Global Education (ATGE); 7 Analysts Bullish Surgery Partners (SGRY)




SIFCO Industries (SIF) Is At $6.85 Formed Wedge, Permian Investment Partners LP Has Upped Its Visa (V) Holding
Cape Cod Five Cents Savings Bank Upped Its Ecolab (ECL) Position; 8 Analysts Are Bullish GB Group plc (LON:GBG) Last Week
Orca Investment Management Has Trimmed Its Vasco Data Security (VDSI) Stake, Broadway Financial (BYFC) SI Decreased By 9.49%
A-D-Beadell Investment Counsel Has Cut South Jersey Industries (SJI) Holding By $1.47 Million, Partner Fund Management LP Has Cut Jazz Pharmaceuticals Plc (JAZZ) Stake
Emerald Advisers Has Trimmed Acuity Brands (AYI) Stake; Plains GP Holdings LP Has 0 Sentiment






 




  Recent Posts 

Hamilton Lane Advisors Has Raised Acceleron Pharma  (XLRN) Position; Endeavour Capital Advisors Has Cut By $2.28 Million Its Banner (BANR) Stake


Westwood Management Trimmed Ppg Industries (PPG) Position; Briggs & Stratton (BGG) Shorts Lowered By 4.35%


Helix Energy Solutions Group (HLX) Is At $5.69 Formed Wedge, Pool Has 0.89 Sentiment


GlaxoSmithKline PLC (LON:GSK) Investors: JP Morgan Cazenove Reiterates “Neutral” Rating, Shorts at Bunge Limited (BG) Lowered By 21.73%


AO World (LON:AO) Stock Rating Kept by JP Morgan Cazenove; The GBX 140.00 Target Indicates 19.15% Potential, Blackbaud (BLKB) Sentiment Is 0.99


Analysts See $0.08 EPS for LSI Industries, Inc. (LYTS); Profile of 9 Analysts Covering Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE)


Crescent Point Energy Ordinary Shares (Canada) (CPG) Is At $7.35 Formed Wedge, Newtyn Management Has Cut By $14.21 Million Its Spirit Aerosystems Hldgs (SPR) Stake


Wilbanks Smith & Thomas Asset Management Has Lifted By $330,174 Its International Business Machine (IBM) Holding, Actuant (ATU) Has 1.12 Sentiment


JP Morgan Cazenove Reiterates GBX 2400.00 TP On Ultra Electronics Holdings PLC (LON:ULE), Reiterates “Overweight” Rating; Century Aluminum Co (CENX)’s Sentiment Is 1.25


Analysts See $0.90 EPS for America’s Car-Mart, Inc. (CRMT), Belmond Limited (BEL) Shorts Raised By 7.01%






© Copyright 2011-2017 High Point Observer










Get the Next Big Winner in your inbox Before the Bell

Lists*Consumer Eagle

































 


