







AcuFocus™: The Small Aperture Company























Thank you for your interest in AcuFocus and the KAMRA™ inlay technology. The inlay was designed specifically to treat presbyopia or near vision loss. To learn more about AcuFocus or the KAMRA inlay click on a link below.

Where are you visiting us from?
United States All Other Countries



 
 






AcuFocus Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback

























acufocus inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Health Care
Industry: Medical Equipment & Devices
Sub-Industry: Health Care Supplies
AcuFocus, Inc. provides medical research and development. The Company offers KAMRA inlay an optical treatment for patients who suffer from presbyopia which corrects depth perception and related vision problems. AcuFocus serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

32 Discovery
Suite 200
Irvine, CA 92618
United States


Phone:
1-949-585-9511


Fax:
-


Web url:
kamrainlay.com





Board Members




Chairman
Company


William Link
Acufocus Inc








Co-Founder
Company












Board Members
Company


Richard Lindstrom
Tlc Vision Corp


James Garvey
SV Life Sciences Advisers Inc


Juliet Bakker
Longitude Capital Management Co LLC




Robert Grant
Myoscience Inc


Charles Warden
Versant Ventures Management LLC


Greg Madden
SV Life Sciences Advisers Inc




Show More
























From The Web












Press Releases




KAMRA® Corneal Inlay Helps College Administrator End Her Blurry Near Vision and Dependence on Reading Glasses

Jun 13, 2017



KAMRA® Corneal Inlay Utilizes Camera Technology to Sharpen and Clear Blurry Near Vision for Patients

May 02, 2017



Beaver-Visitec International to Acquire Malosa Medical

Apr 21, 2017



Beaver-Visitec International Names Shervin Korangy Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer

Apr 10, 2017






Key Executives


William J Link "Bill"


Chairman




Alan Waterhouse


President/COO







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data








































KAMRA Inlay - P120023





















































  


Skip to main page content
Skip to search
Skip to topics menu
Skip to common links




 
 







HHS
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services

 




  U.S. Food and Drug Administration

 
 




A to Z Index
Follow FDA
En Español


 




Search FDA


Submit search














 
 
 
 










Medical Devices






 

 






Home
Medical Devices
Products and Medical Procedures

Device Approvals and Clearances

Recently-Approved Devices











KAMRA Inlay - P120023





Share


Tweet


Linkedin


Pin it


More sharing options


Linkedin


Pin it




Email


Print







This is a brief overview of information related to FDA's approval to market this product. See the links below to the Summary of Safety and Effectiveness Data (SSED) and product labeling for more complete information on this product, its indications for use, and the basis for FDA's approval.
Product Name: KAMRA Inlay
PMA Applicant: AcuFocus, Inc.
Address: 32 Discovery, Suite 200, Irvine, CA 92618 
Approval Date: April 17, 2015
Approval Letter: http://www.accessdata.fda.gov/cdrh_docs/pdf12/P120023a.pdf
What is it? The KAMRA Inlay ("inlay") is a dark, ring-shaped device that is implanted in the cornea, which is the clear, front surface of the eye. The inlay improves near vision in patients whose eyes have lost the ability to change focus for near vision, which is a normal part of aging (presbyopia). The device is 3.8 mm in diameter with a 1.6 mm diameter hole in the center. It has 8,400 tiny holes to allow oxygen and nutrients to flow across the cornea.
How does it work? The eye surgeon uses a laser to make a pocket-shaped cut in the cornea to implant the device. The device works by blocking unfocused light rays entering the eye resulting in improved near vision.
When is it used? The inlay is placed in the non-dominant eye of patients:

Between the ages of 45 and 60 years old.
Who have not had cataract surgery.
Who are unable to focus clearly on near objects or small print.
Who do not need glasses or contact lenses for clear distance vision.
Who need reading glasses with +1.00 to +2.50 diopters of power.

What will it accomplish? The inlay is intended to improve near vision when used in patients as described above.
When should it not be used? You should not have the inlay implanted if:

You have severe dry eye.
You have an active eye infection or inflammation.
You have signs of a condition resulting in corneal thinning and a cone-shaped bulge in the center of the cornea, or other abnormalities related to the shape and/or surface of your eye.
You do not have enough corneal thickness to safely have the procedure performed.
You have a recent or recurring herpes eye infection or problems resulting from past infection.
You have uncontrolled glaucoma.
You have uncontrolled diabetes.
You have an active autoimmune or connective tissue disease such as lupus (systemic lupus erythematosus or SLE) or rheumatoid arthritis.

Additional information: The Summary of Safety and Effectiveness Data and labeling are available online.





Other Resources
FDA News Release

 








More in Recently-Approved Devices
2017 Device Approvals
2016 Device Approvals
2015 Device Approvals

 
















	Page Last Updated: 04/29/2015


	Note: If you need help accessing information in different file formats, see Instructions for Downloading Viewers and Players.
   Language Assistance Available: Español | 繁體中文 | Tiếng Việt | 한국어 | Tagalog | Русский | العربية | Kreyòl Ayisyen | Français | Polski | Português | Italiano | Deutsch | 日本語 | فارسی | English






 






















Acufocus Inc - Supplier | Ecuador | Import Genius
































 












Plans




Limited




Plus




Premium








            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 3-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 3-months from the current date.




            PlusSmall & Medium Business



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 12-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 12-months from the current date.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies




            Premium            Empire Builder



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
You'll have access to our entire database of shipping manifests of U.S. Ocean freight imports going back to November 2006.
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies





            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
Our Limited Plan lets you monitor the shipping activities of any three companies across all our databases. Be the first to know when your target company clears a shipment through customs in one of the countries we track.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plans, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            LimitedMonitor Your Competitors



Usage

10 Company Searches Per Day
10 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan which allows more searches.
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 3 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 1k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 3 Company Searches
If you need to track more than 3 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Plus or Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Usage

25 Searches Per Day
25 searches per day may be enough if you are just monitoring a few competitors or researching suppliers in a single industry. If you're looking to connect with sales leads or do more in-depth research, you should upgrade to the Premium plan which allows more searches.
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 25 companies in our database each month.
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more downloads.
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches
If you need to track more than 5 companies, product segments, or trade lanes, you should upgrade to the Premium plan, which allow more email alerts.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Usage

50 Searches Per Day
 
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Our team of account managers and research assistants will help you find contact information for up to 50 companies in our database each month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
If you're planning to do more in-depth research on the companies in our database, contact the Sales Department to purchase more credits and export additional shipping records.
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches





             Plus             Small & Medium Business



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Premium            Empire Builder



Features

Visual Mapping
Our Visual Mapping technology provides an instant snapshot of any company's trade connections. Navigate the global web of trading partners with the click of a mouse and visualize the relationships between companies many degrees apart.







            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Plus            Small & Medium Business



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.




            Premium            Empire Builder



Support

Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Call or e-mail our Customer Service Agents. They will get back to as soon as possible to assist you with your data needs.
Dedicated Research Assistant
An experienced trade data specialist will serve as your dedicated account manager to locate hard-to-reach data, perform searches and compile reports on your behalf.




            Limited            Monitor Your Competitors



Data

Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
You'll have access to data from the previous 6-months from the date of your search. We use a rolling date range, so you can always look back 6 months from the current date.







X












                   Home                





                        How It Works                    



                            U.S. Data                        

                            Additional Countries                        

                            Our Datasets                        

                            Our Clients                        

                            IG Reviews                        

                            Videos                        

                            Pictures                        

                            Presentation                        



                   Plans & Pricing                

                    Search                

                  Contact Us                
Live Chat				

                    Free Demo                

                    Sign In                

                    Join Now                











English
中文
French










English



中文



French










			                                                Service: 855-573-9976 
                        Sales: +1-855-573-9976

 Live Chat

Choose Language
 English
 中文
 French




 



Hi, may I help you with something?

An ImportGenius.com sales agent is available to answer your question.


							Chat Live Now						

						No, thanks.					







Sign Up






Home
How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Search
Contact Us


Live Chat

2
  



 





Acufocus Inc

Acufocus Inc is an overseas supplier in United States that exports products to Oftalmoandrec Sa. Transportation Type Aerea.        





 Call +1 (480) 744 2559




Import Genius






                                Our bill of lading data reveals the trading activities of Acufocus Inc and millions of other manufacturers.                            


Learn More
Join Now




Request a Demo





Would you like to schedule a free demo?
We'd love to show you international trade data relevant to your own business.










Name




Email





Phone






Schedule A Free Demo


















Play muted


International Trade Starts With Our Data









Other companies in our database


 Epoka A/S                            

 SHENZHENEN SMARZ TRADING COMPANY                            

 BAPMIC AUTO PARTS                            

 SCHARLAB SL                            

 GUANGDONG GUANHAO HIGH-TECH CO,. LTD                            
















View Sample Shipment Records
Shipment Alert Subscription
Contact This Company



Sign Up

 





Sample shipment record for Acufocus Inc
Acufocus Inc is an overseas supplier in United States that exports products to Oftalmoandrec Sa. Transportation Type Aerea.


            Bill of Lading        





Manufacturer / Shipper
Consignee



Acufocus Inc


Oftalmoandrec Sa



Origin
Destination



United States


Ecuador



Product Description





                                        EQUIPO OFTALMOLOGICO ACUTARGET HD -                                    

                                        EQUIPO OFTALMOLOGICO ACUTARGET HD -                                    





Other Information Available




Gross Weight (KG), Package Type, Net Weight, Port, FOB (USD), Freight (USD), Insurance (USD), CIF (USD), HS Code Description, Vessel, Declaration Number, Declaration, Operation Type








Arrival Date2015-03-12Transportation TypeAereaHS Code9018500000CustomsGUAYAQUIL AEREOQuantity / Unit1.00/NUMERO DE UNIDADES (UN) 





Subscribe to access the complete shipping history for Acufocus Inc Join Now








How will your business use our trade data?
If you're involved in international trade, our database of shipping manifests will help you find opportunities to grow your business.

Find Trading Partners You Can Trust
Monitor Competitors' Shipping Activities
Connect With Sales Prospects














                            "Very informative and great site and so quick. Pretty slick."
                        







Betty Fatzie

                                                                    President,                                 
                                                                    Lab Products, Inc.                                
                            






                            "The service was great, with a reasonable price and great results. We have now started using another supplier from China. We just ordered our first container from the new supplier and with the savings it more than paid for the ImportGenius.com service on the first container load."
                        







Cleve Kurz

                                
                                                                    Gifford Monument Works                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is not merely an investment for our organization, it’s a vital instrument to effectively manage our time. It has afforded us the ability to quickly segment, target and position ourselves in front of prospective clients. Thank you, Import Genius!"
                        







David Bryant

                                                                    Director of Business Development,                                 
                                                                    John S. James Co.                                
                            






                            "Import Genius data is fantastic for evaluating component manufacturers in China."
                        







Sanjay Dastoor

                                
                                                                    BoostedBoards.com                                
                            






                            "We have confidence that we're working with the best manufacturers in part because Import Genius showed us that they already supply some of the world's top brands"
                        







Yaniv Masjedi

                                                                    Vice President,                                 
                                                                    Nextiva.com                                
                            






                            "Import Genius is a highly informative tool for monitoring public companies' operating activities. It is an invaluable part of our research."
                        







Eric DeLamarter

                                                                    Managing Partner,                                 
                                                                    Half Moon Capital                                
                            






                            "We find new clients for our customs brokerage in the ImportGenius database almost every day"
                        







Jayson Gispan

                                                                    Customs Brokerage Operations Manager,                                 
                                                                    Flexport.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius is a great research tool. We use it to evaluate manufacturers to make sure we are working with only the highest quality, most reliable suppliers"
                        







Chris Friedland

                                                                    Founder / CEO,                                 
                                                                    Build.com                                
                            






                            "ImportGenius gave us visibility into the actual shipping histories of the manufacturers we were evaluating and helped us feel comfortable we were working with the best suppliers in China."
                        







Morena Simitic

                                                                    COO,                                 
                                                                    BellaBeat.com                                
                            
























Shipment Alert Subscription



                        Receive free shipment alerts by email whenever Acufocus Inc clears a shipment through customs.                        

Processing, please wait ...







Submit












Contact Acufocus Inc










 



Name



Business



Email



Phone




Submit




Processing, please wait ...

 

 




Features



Save and Share Reports
Easily get your searches out of Import Genius and into your team’s hands for further analysis. Export your findings to XLS or CSV, or send reports via email. It’s the simple things that make our trade data even more valuable to you.



See the Supply Chain
Visual Mapping shows you exactly how your target companies and their trading partners connect. Search by shipper and see everyone they’ve shipped to. Or search by consignee and see all their suppliers. Zoom in on any company to see their own trading network. Dive deep into international trade and discover the links in anyone’s supply chain.



Get Real-time Shipment Alerts
Stay on top of your competitors, suppliers, and customers with real-time alerts. Just set up a search and get an email whenever a new shipment matches your terms. Import Genius lets you know the moment they bring in a rival product or start shipping to a new partner.









Acufocus Inc
You've viewed 20 profile pages on Import Genius, which is the most we allow for free. Sign up for ImportGenius to get more details on over 3 million importers and exporters. It only takes seconds.






Sign Up for Import Genius! 








Plans




Limited
Monitor Your Competitors




Recommended Plan
Plus
Small & Medium Business




Premium
Empire Builder






Price





$
99
594
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
199
1,194
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    






$
399
2,394
/month
for 6 months



                        Sign Up                    







Data




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 3 months for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from the last 12 months for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details




Access data on U.S. ocean freight imports from November 2006 to the present for all companies
U.S. ocean freight exports from January 1, 2014 to present for all companies
View Details






Usage





Track the shipping activities of your 3 chosen companies
3 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 5k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 3 Searches

View Details





25 Searches Per Day
25 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 10k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 5 Searches

View Details





50 Searches Per Day
50 Contact Info Requests Per Month
Download (CSV and XLS) 25k Records Per Month
Email Alerts for up to 10 Searches

View Details






Features


 


Visual Mapping
View Details




Visual Mapping
View Details






Support




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details




Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
View Details





Our Customer Service Agents are available when you need them. Call in to receive helpful tips and training.
Dedicated Research Assistant

View Details






  






View All U.S. Imports
Instantly search 30,415,872 ocean freight records to monitor U.S. importers, research suppliers, generate sales leads and more.


As Featured In






















What is Import Genius





Who Uses Import Genius





Available Data Fields





Schedule Live Demo







What is Import Genius


												Import Genius reveals the trading activities of importers and exporters around the world.								

												We give you hard data about your overseas suppliers and domestic competitors. Using shipping databases from Customs agencies in the United States, Latin America, and India, Import Genius can help you find reliable new trading partners, monitor your competitors’ shipments, and keep an eye on your current suppliers and customers.								

												Our team of seasoned import-export veterans, cutting-edge software developers, and customer service professionals has worked for years to build the world's most powerful and accessible database of international trade intelligence.								



												We do this for a diverse client base that requires keen insight into international trade.								

												Our customers include some of the world's top importers, exporters, freight forwarders, logistics companies, manufacturers, investment banks, financial analysts, intellectual property attorneys, and more. They use our tools to:								

Research the trade activity of importers and suppliers
Identify and vet new sources for any kind of product
Monitor the competition and their trade connections
Generate sales leads for transportation and logistics companies
Track the activity of publicly-traded companies
Investigate and enforce intellectual property infringement
Ensure exclusive agent compliance




Who Uses Import Genius

Sourcing Professionals...

			Use our service to view shipping histories for suppliers.		

			We provide access to detailed customs records, letting you verify suppliers' true shipping volumes and U.S. customer lists. You can also look up your competing import firms to find where they buy their goods.		
+ Learn More
Competitive Intelligence Analysts...

			Use our service to learn where rivals source products.		

			We give clear insights into the importing volumes, new product releases, and broader competitive dynamics of your industry.		
+ Learn More


Sales & Marketing Teams...

			Use our service to generate sales prospects.		

			We give you the tools to target importers based on product type, location, shipping volumes, and more.		
+ Learn More
Financial Analysts...

			Use our service to monitor public companies' imports.		

			We offer rare data on the success or failure of new product launches, shipping trends and other operating data for companies in any industry.		
+ Learn More



Available Data Fields

Import Genius Data Fields

												By collecting the ocean freight bill of lading for all U.S. imports in our database, Import Genius provides unprecedented access to near real-time information on virtually every industry and company importing goods into the country.								

												For each shipment entering the U.S. by ocean, we provide access to the following information.								
Additional Fields Available for Some Shipments:

Phone Number
Fax Number
Email
Contact Person



List of Data Fields



ConsigneeThe company importing the shipment into the U.S.Consignee AddressThe address of the company importing the shipment into the U.S.ShipperThe overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Shipper AddressThe address of the overseas company exporting the shipment to the U.S.Product DescriptionThe exporter's description of the shipment as it appears on the bill of lading or shipping manifestGross WeightThe gross weight of the shipment, excluding the weight of the actual container. This can appear in either pounds or kilograms at the discretion of the exporterNumber Of UnitsThe quantity of boxes customs would find if they were to open the shipment for inspection.VolumeThe volume of the shipment, generally defined in cubic meters or container base measurements (CBM)Arrival DateThe date the shipment arrives within the customs territory of the U.S.Foreign PortThe last port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.Country Of OriginThe country of the last foreign port the shipment passes through before arriving in the U.S.U.S. PortThe U.S. port where the shipment enters the customs territory of the U.S.Carrier CodeThe four digit Standard Carrier Alpha Code of the ocean carrier or freight forwarder managing the transit of the shipmentVoyage NumberA unique code assigned to that particular sailing of the ship between two portsVessel NameThe name of the ship transporting the shipmentShip Registered InThe country where the ship is officially registeredBill Of Lading NumberThe unique number assigned to this particular shipment by the ocean carrier or freight forwarderContainer NumberThe unique number assigned to the ocean shipping container carrying the shipment in questionMarks & NumbersAny text or numbers appearing on the cartons 






Ready for a live demo?
Fill out this form and we'll contact you right away to set up a live demo of Import Genius.


Schedule Live Demo



Processing, please wait ...





Name

Tell us your Full Name


Email

Enter a valid email address


Phone

Enter valid phone number


Preferred Date

Let us know your preferred date


Preferred Time (In Your Country)

01:00 am
01:30 am
02:00 am
02:30 am
03:00 am
03:30 am
04:00 am
04:30 am
05:00 am
05:30 am
06:00 am
06:30 am
07:00 am
07:30 am
08:00 am
08:30 am
09:00 am
09:30 am
10:00 am
10:30 am
11:00 am
11:30 am
12:00 am
12:30 am
01:00 pm
01:30 pm
02:00 pm
02:30 pm
03:00 pm
03:30 pm
04:00 pm
04:30 pm
05:00 pm
05:30 pm
06:00 pm
06:30 pm
07:00 pm
07:30 pm
08:00 pm
08:30 pm
09:00 pm
09:30 pm
10:00 pm
10:30 pm
11:00 pm
11:30 pm
12:00 pm

Let us know your preferred time


Country

Required


Timezone

Required


What data are you interested in?

Let us know what you are most interested to learn



Submit



 















Import Genius

How It Works
Plans & Pricing
Our Trade Data Blog
Search
Latin Trade Data

Import Genius Reviews & Press Coverage
Who Uses Import Genius
Contact Us



Latest Posts




                                    Trump Properties Have…                                




                                    Solar panels: imports…                                




                                    Limited Plan Now Available                                




                                    Chilean salmon exports…                                




                                    India, US palm oil imports…                                




Company Profiles



                                    Longport Ecuador Cia. Ltda.                                



                                    Jaramillo Romero Sergio Guillermo                                



                                    Ecuadorian Trade C. Ltda. Doriantrade                                



                                    Caguana Caguana Lenin Oswaldo                                



                                    Zamora Villon Joaquin Victoriano                                











                     
                                            30,415,872  Records in our database and counting





Customer Support Team: 

                    Tel:  855-573-9976
                    International: +1 480-745-3396
                    Fax: +1 602-428-9400
info@importgenius.com

                    8901 E Pima Center Pkwy, 
		    Suite 105 
                    Scottsdale, AZ 85258


Shanghai, China:

                    Tel: +86-21-63806036


                    Mobile No.: +86-13671737628
                    Fax Number: +86-21-63806036


Shenzhen, China
                    
                            Tel: +86-755-89517585
                            Mob: +86-13925258002
                            Fax: +86-755-89517585                



Have questions? We'll reply quickly!





									         		Type your info below								         		











Message



Submit

Processing, please wait ...

 

 

                Trainings, Demos, and General Contact All Available            
Or Call Us:
Service:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Sales:

                    +1-855-573-9976                
Back to top

 





All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2017. Trade Data Services, Inc. 0.2762
 






 

 




We're Offline
Please leave us a message



To chat with a representative of Import Genius, your browser needs to be Internet Explorer 9 or higher. Please fill out the form below and a representative will contact you as soon as possible.



Name



Email



Phone



Message



Send




X















 
































Acufocus Inc, 18 Technology DrIrvine, CA,  92618-2308 | Supplier Report — Panjiva





 












Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 











Acufocus Inc
Company profile made by Panjiva 
 Company profile  Supplier company  United States






        See Acufocus Inc's products and customers
      
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.


Sign Up

        1 min video
      






Easy access to trade data



Cleaned and organized South American shipments
4 South American shipments available for Acufocus Inc




Date
Data Source
Customer
Details


2014-08-04
See all 4 south american shipments for Acufocus Inc with Panjiva's South America data add-on.Request a DemoorSign Up 

2015-03-06


2014-09-02
Colombia Imports
REPRESENTACIONES OPTICAS COLOMBIANAS S.A.
DO 14-1561.PEDIDO OC 498.DECLARACION 1 DE 1// PRODUCTO: EQUIPO ACUTARGET HD.MARCA:ACUTARGE



Shipment data shows what products a company is trading and more. Learn more



Quickly analyze trade relationships




Network view map
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 3 customers of Acufocus Inc
 Learn more about network view 




Top customers


Andrec Surgical S.A 






Sign up to access 







Sign up to access 







3 customers available
        







Contact information for Acufocus Inc


 

Address
18 Technology DrIrvine, CA,  92618-2308

 


 




           
      More contact information 
54 employee contacts for Acufocus Inc




Job title
Name
Email
Phone number



 See all 54 Employee Contacts





Sample Bill of Lading
4 shipment records available



Bill of Lading Number
575005423486


Shipment Date
2014-08-04


Consignee
#<JointCompany:0x00000019e87470>


Consignee (Original Format)
ANDREC SURGICAL S.A
CR 7   72   64 IN 10


NIT ID (Original Format)
830103910


Consignee Verification Number (Original Format)
1


Consignee Class
P


Consignee Province
11


Shipper
#<JointCompany:0x0000001b8d1628>


Shipper (Original Format)
ACUFOCUS, INC.
32 DISCOVERY SUITE 200 IRVINE, CA 9


Carrier
FDEN - Fedex Corp (General Purpose)


Carrier (Original Format)
FEDERAL EXPRESS CORPORATION


Declarer
AGENCIA DE ADUANAS INTERNACIONAL DE NEGOCIOS Y SERVICIOS NIV


Shipment Origin
United States


Port of Lading Country (Original Format)
Sweden


Port of Unlading
Bogotá (CO)


Port of Unlading (Original Format)
BOGOTA


Country of Sale
United States


Transport Method
Air


Transport Document
804988244494


HS Code
9021399000


Goods Shipped
D.O. 4355, BSP 010. LOS DEMAS ARTICULOS Y APARATOS DE PROTESIS; LOS DEMAS. LOS DEMAS. 40 U


Item Quantity
40.0


Item Quantity Unit
U


Gross Weight (kg)
3.0


Net Weight (kg)
2.7


Value of Goods, CIF (USD)
$16,152


Value of Goods, FOB (USD)
$16,000


Freight Cost
135.5


Freight Value
151.5


Insurance Cost
16.0


Total Tax Paid
4800000


Acceptance Date
2014-09-15


Acceptance Number
32014001437890


Annual License
2014


Bank Branch ID
165


Bank ID
1


Customs
3


Customs Agent Consecutive Operation
141230


Customs Agent
6


Customs Code
C100


Customs Declaration
3


Customs Value
16151.5


Declaration Type
2


Deposit Code
15001


Destination Providence
11


Document Identifier
234030084


Document Type
R


Exchange Rate
1979.97


Filing Date
2014-09-16


Flag Code
249


Identification Formula
2014001400000


Import Type
1


Incomex Office
3


Invoice Date
2014-07-29


Invoice Number
2392


Legal Representative Document
824003860


Legal Representative Name
AGENCIA DE ADUANAS INTERNACIONAL DE NEGOCIOS Y SERVICIOS NIV


License Number
21436504


Municipality
11001.0


Number Packages
1


Packaging Code
BT


Payment Date
2014-07-31


Payment Form
1


Payment Value
4800000


Preprinted Number
32014001437890


Subheadings
1


Tariff Base
31979485


Total Paid
4800000


User Type
23


Value Added Tax Base
31979485


Verification Number
2










Thousands of companies use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors

Sign Up











Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 







 





 



AcuFocus Raises $66 Million in New Financing Round Led by KKR | Business Wire


























































AcuFocus Raises $66 Million in New Financing Round Led by KKR












Download



Full Size


Small


Preview


Thumbnail













???pagination.previous???
???pagination.next???













Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail


















Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail














September 09, 2016 09:35 AM Eastern Daylight Time



IRVINE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--AcuFocus, 
      Inc., a privately held ophthalmic medical device company, announced 
      today a private investment of approximately $66 million in a financing 
      round led by KKR, 
      a leading global investment firm.
    


      AcuFocus develops and markets breakthrough small aperture technologies 
      for the improvement of near vision. The investment follows several key 
      milestones for AcuFocus, including the successful controlled commercial 
      launch of its first-of-its-kind flagship product, the KAMRA® 
      corneal inlay, in the U.S. and CE Mark approval for its second product, 
      the IC-8™ intraocular lens. Both technologies utilize the small aperture 
      effect to treat presbyopia, the natural loss of near vision that 
      eventually affects everyone over the age of 40, as well as cataracts, 
      the clouding of the eye’s natural lens.
    

      The financing round led by KKR will allow AcuFocus to accelerate its 
      commercialization plans for the KAMRA inlay and IC-8 lens as well as 
      further advances in research and development projects that continue to 
      leverage its small aperture expertise.
    

      “We are honored that KKR has chosen to make AcuFocus its first 
      investment in the ophthalmic space,” said Bill Link, PhD, AcuFocus 
      Chairman of the Board. “Through this partnership, and the continued 
      support of our current investors, we look forward to driving the company 
      into a global market leadership position in presbyopia and cataract 
      surgery.”
    

      “This investment is a critical catalyst for the company,” said Al 
      Waterhouse, AcuFocus President and Chief Operating Officer. “KKR’s 
      confidence in our technology, along with its track record in 
      successfully scaling businesses, will allow us to execute aggressively 
      on growth plans to bring our disruptive small aperture technologies to 
      full commercialization.”
    

      “AcuFocus is a unique ophthalmic device platform with a differentiated 
      set of products, strong patient outcomes and an accomplished management 
      team,” said Arjun Arora, Principal on KKR’s Americas Health Care 
      investing team. “We are confident that these technologies will play an 
      important role in the way in which surgeons treat presbyopia and 
      cataracts. We look forward to supporting the management and employees of 
      AcuFocus in bringing these products to patients worldwide and 
      accelerating the Company’s growth plans.”
    

      For KKR, the investment is part of the firm’s health care growth equity 
      strategy, which is focused on high-growth companies for which KKR can be 
      a unique partner in helping reach scale. Since 2004, KKR has invested 
      over $4.5 billion in health care-related companies in the Americas, 
      including ~$3.6 billion from the Firm’s flagship private equity funds. 
      Since 2014, the Firm has invested or committed over $200 million in 
      health care growth companies in the Americas, including recent 
      investments: Spirox 
      (medical device company focused on developing minimally invasive 
      technologies in the ear, nose and throat space), Signostics 
      (leader in handheld ultrasound devices and bladder scanners) and Cohera 
      Medical (developer of absorbable surgical adhesives and sealants).
    

ABOUT ACUFOCUSAcuFocus Inc. is a privately held ophthalmic 
      medical device company that develops and markets breakthrough 
      technologies for the improvement of near vision. The Company’s proven, 
      proprietary technology platforms use a small aperture – or pinhole – 
      effect to allow only focused light rays to reach the retina and bring 
      objects into clear focus. The result is unique, reliable and 
      long-lasting performance. Using the small aperture concept, two products 
      have been developed: the Company’s flagship product – the KAMRA® 
      corneal inlay – and the innovative IC-8™ IOL. The KAMRA inlay helps 
      presbyopic patients restore their near vision while maintaining their 
      distance vision. It is commercially available in 50 countries, including 
      the United States. The IC-8 IOL provides a range of vision across 
      various distances, from near to far, and is specifically designed for 
      patients with cataracts. The IOL is CE Marked and currently available in 
      select markets. It is not yet approved by the FDA for use in the U.S. In 
      addition to these products, AcuFocus also distributes the AcuTarget HD 
      diagnostic and surgical planning instrument. This instrument is 
      essential for the optimal treatment and technology selection for a broad 
      range of patients, including LASIK, cataract, dry eye and presbyopes. 
      Founded in 2001, AcuFocus is based in Irvine, Calif. For additional 
      information about the KAMRA inlay or the IC-8 lens, visit www.acufocus.com.
    

ABOUT KKRKKR is a leading global investment firm that 
      manages investments across multiple asset classes including private 
      equity, energy, infrastructure, real estate, credit and hedge funds. KKR 
      aims to generate attractive investment returns by following a patient 
      and disciplined investment approach, employing world‐class people and 
      driving growth and value creation at the asset level. KKR invests its 
      own capital alongside its partners’ capital and brings opportunities to 
      others through its capital markets business. References to KKR’s 
      investments may include the activities of its sponsored funds. For 
      additional information about KKR & Co. L.P. (NYSE:KKR), please visit 
      KKR’s website at www.kkr.com 
      and on Twitter @KKR_Co.
    




Contacts

ACUFOCUSCunningham & AssociatesGemma Cunningham, 
      949-637-4296gemma949@yahoo.comorKKRCara 
      Kleiman, +1 212-519-1619media@kkr.comorFinsburyVictor 
      Mallet, +44(0)20 7251 3801victor.mallet@finsbury.com

















Contacts

ACUFOCUSCunningham & AssociatesGemma Cunningham, 
      949-637-4296gemma949@yahoo.comorKKRCara 
      Kleiman, +1 212-519-1619media@kkr.comorFinsburyVictor 
      Mallet, +44(0)20 7251 3801victor.mallet@finsbury.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














	ACUTARGET Trademark of Acufocus, Inc.. Serial Number: 77968787 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Medical Instrument Products
ACUTARGET










 
Get FREE email alerts













ACUTARGET  Trademark Information
 Acufocus, Inc.
SURGICAL TOOL FOR AIDING CENTRATION OF A CORNEAL INLAY OR INTRAOCULAR IMPLANT; OPHTHALMIC DIAGNOSTIC DEVICE FOR IDENTIFYING THE CENTER OF THE PUPIL AND LINE OF SIGHT




Perfect for these industries

Medical Instrument Products





Words that describe this mark
surgical   tool   aiding   centration   corneal   inlay   intraocular   implant   ophthalmic   diagnostic   device   identifying   center   pupil   line   sight    
                                    




This is a brand page for the ACUTARGET trademark by Acufocus, Inc. 
                                in Irvine, CA, 92618.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this ACUTARGET trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Acufocus, Inc. of the ACUTARGET trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the ACUTARGET trademark.
                           






On Thursday, March 25, 2010,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        ACUTARGET by 
                        Acufocus, Inc., Irvine, CA  92618.
                        The USPTO has given the ACUTARGET 
                        trademark serial  number of  77968787.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED.
                        The correspondent listed for ACUTARGET is 
                        
                        
                                            LORI LEE YAMATO of 
                                            KNOBBE MARTENS OLSON AND BEAR, LLP,  2040 Main Street, 14th Floor, IRVINE CA 92614-8214 
                                .
                            The ACUTARGET trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Medical Instrument Products
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for ACUTARGET 
                            is SURGICAL TOOL FOR AIDING CENTRATION OF A CORNEAL INLAY OR INTRAOCULAR IMPLANT; OPHTHALMIC DIAGNOSTIC DEVICE FOR IDENTIFYING THE CENTER OF THE PUPIL AND LINE OF SIGHT. 
                            





Word mark:
 ACUTARGET


  Status/Status Date:  


CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED

2/2/2017



  Serial Number:  
77968787


  Filing Date:  
3/25/2010


 Registration Number:  
4016665 


 Registration Date:  
8/23/2011


 Goods and Services: 
SURGICAL TOOL FOR AIDING CENTRATION OF A CORNEAL INLAY OR INTRAOCULAR IMPLANT; OPHTHALMIC DIAGNOSTIC DEVICE FOR IDENTIFYING THE CENTER OF THE PUPIL AND LINE OF SIGHT


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
TradeMark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
8/17/2010


Last Applicant/Owner:

Acufocus, Inc.Irvine, CA  92618
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Standard Character Mark


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


LORI LEE YAMATO
KNOBBE MARTENS OLSON AND BEAR, LLP
2040 Main Street, 14th Floor
IRVINE CA 92614-8214






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (010) - Surgical, medical, dental, and veterinary apparatus and instruments, artificial limbs, eyes, and teeth; orthopedic articles; suture materials.


First Use Anywhere: 
9/6/2010


First Use In Commerce: 
5/20/2011





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your ACUTARGET trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

2/2/2017
CONTINUED USE AND INCONTESTIBILITY ACCEPTED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



LORI LEE YAMATO


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of ACUTARGET trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search acutarget on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for ACUTARGET 




ACUTARGET is providing SURGICAL TOOL FOR AIDING CENTRATION OF A CORNEAL INLAY OR INTRAOCULAR IMPLANT; OPHTHALMIC DIAGNOSTIC DEVICE FOR IDENTIFYING THE CENTER OF THE PUPIL AND LINE OF SIGHT.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Acufocus Company Profile
	| Owler






































 We just sent you an email to verify your account. Check your inbox!     
				Resend verification link > 




































Sign In  
Sign In 

Sign Up





















            You have just joined {{count}} of your colleagues at {{name}} who read the Owler Daily Snapshot everyday.
        

            You have just joined over 1 million business professionals on Owler who read the Daily Snapshot everyday.
        

            Go to 'My Portfolio' to follow the companies that matter to you to customize your Daily Snapshot.
        














ALERT
{{task_c.msg}}

Ok










What section would you like to update?
What does it mean to update a profile?






 Company Logo
 Company Name & URL
 Company Description
 Founded Date
 Company Status
 HQ Address
 Social Links




 CEO Name & Picture
 Competitor Set
 Funding Events
 Acquisition Events
 Revenue
 Headcount
 Industry Links



What does it mean to update a profile?





Owler is a community of business professionals working together to build a database of company information. One contribution reaches thousands of members across the Owler community.
When you contribute on Owler you're shaping the database for all people consuming Owler data. Your updates will flow through to company profiles, competitive intelligence reports, daily snapshots and more. All verified members of the Owler community can update Owler profiles.  Members help the community by sharing data, such as a company's headquarters, and also by weighing-in on sentiment-based questions, such as CEO rating.
Community members make this all happen. That being said, each data update is reviewed by at least one other person to ensure accuracy. All updates are kept anonymous. Happy updating!


< BACK




















 





ADD COMPANY
						LOGO 



ADD COMPANY
						LOGO 


ADD COMPANY
					LOGO 


Edit founded date
Edit oveview
Edit Website URL
Edit Links
Edit Industry Tags






{{companyBasicDetails.name}}
 |   {{companyBasicDetails.website | removeHttpPrefix}}




{{companyBasicDetails.description}}



Click here to provide a company description for
						{{companyBasicDetails.name}}
					







FOLLOW ({{company_num_of_followers}})
FOLLOWING ({{company_num_of_followers}})







EDIT PROFILE ({{companyBasicDetails.profileCompletenessScore}}%)







SHARE

















{{companyBasicDetails.shortName}} Company Profile





{{companyBasicDetails.shortName}} At-a-Glance 










                    		{{os.ceoData.job_title}}
                    	
CEO
{{os.ceoData.first_name}} {{os.ceoData.last_name}}
Unknown


Approval Rating:

{{os.insightDetails.insight_info.consensus}}%
--


	                        	Weigh-in 
	                        	






	                        	Weigh-in 
	                        	







Approval Rating:
--


Approval Rating:
--



PROVIDE NAME AND PICTURE 


PROVIDE NAME AND PICTURE 

PROVIDE NAME AND PICTURE 





Founded:
{{companyBasicDetails.founded}}
--


Headquarters:

{{companyBasicDetails.hqAddress.city}},
 {{companyBasicDetails.hqAddress.state}},
{{companyBasicDetails.hqAddress.country}}
--



Status:
{{companyBasicDetails.ownership}}{{companyBasicDetails.statusInfo.status}}, {{companyBasicDetails.statusInfo.status}} of {{companyBasicDetails.statusInfo.parent_name}} {{companyBasicDetails.statusInfo.parent_name}} >of {{companyBasicDetails.statusInfo.parent_name}} {{companyBasicDetails.statusInfo.parent_name}} >{{companyBasicDetails.statusInfo.status}}, {{companyBasicDetails.exchange}}, {{companyBasicDetails.ticker}}--


Industry Sector:




 {{sector.sector_name}} ({{sector.sector_company_count | number}})


--




Completeness:
{{companyBasicDetails.profileCompletenessScore}}%--


Links:




 

 
 

 
 

 
 



--










Key Stats 



Estimated Revenue (TTM)



${{reve_estimate.value}}{{reve_estimate.denomination}}
less than$1M
${{reve_estimate.value}}{{reve_estimate.denomination}}*
less than$1M*


--
--


BE THE FIRST TO VOTE ON REVENUE >

Update this 
Update this 

Not Enough Consensus




Revenue



${{reve_estimate.value}}{{reve_estimate.denomination}}
--
${{reve_estimate.value}}{{reve_estimate.denomination}}*
less than$1M*

Update this 
Update this 






Estimated Employees


{{ks.insightDetails.EMPLOYEE.insight_info.consensus | number}}
{{ks.myEmployeeEstimate | number }}*
--


--
--


BE THE FIRST TO VOTE ON EMPLOYEES >

Update this 
Update this 

Not Enough Consensus



Employees



{{ks.keystats.total_employees | number}}
{{ks.myEmployeeEstimate | number }}*

                				--
                			
Update this 
Update this 





 


 



Followers on Owler

{{company_num_of_followers}}




Follow






*

Thanks for your estimate. Right now your update will be added to all the other estimates from the community!






{{companyBasicDetails.shortName}} Top Competitors 
See all  









Help Out!
Add a company or two. We won't bite!






{{$index+1}}













--





{{$index+5}}













--






Thanks for your contribution!
Recalculating The Competitive Graph now...
Add a new competitor:






ADD














{{dynamicDesc}}





{{companyBasicDetails.shortName}}
			Competitive Set
		






Add Competitors and View Full Analysis




Add Competitors and View Full Analysis




See all Competitors














Company
				







{{companyBasicDetails.shortName}}
















Leadership
					


							Employees  (Estimated if private)


Employees
						



							Total Funding
						

							Total Funding
						

Total Funding
						



							Revenue  (Estimated if private)


Revenue
						












								{{cs.company.ceo_name}} {{cs.company.ceo_title}}







--
{{cs.company.EMPLOYEE.employee
	| number}}


--

{{cs.company.EMPLOYEE.employee
	| number}}
--





${{funding.value}}{{funding.denomination}}
{{company.funding}}
Undisclosed






--



${{revenueValue.value}}{{revenueValue.denomination}}





--



less than$1M




${{revenueValue.value}}{{revenueValue.denomination}}
















								{{company.ceo_name}} {{company.ceo_title}}







--
{{company.EMPLOYEE.employee
	| number}}


--

{{company.EMPLOYEE.employee
	| number}}
--





${{funding.value}}{{funding.denomination}}
{{company.funding}}
Undisclosed






--



${{revenueValue.value}}{{revenueValue.denomination}}





--



less than$1M




${{revenueValue.value}}{{revenueValue.denomination}}











tap for more



 


 








What's this?

POLL INACTIVE
You will not be able to vote until this poll has been approved by our team. Please check back again soon! Thanks.







Add competitors and View Full Analysis




Add competitors and View Full Analysis




See all Competitors






{{cs.dynamicSummary}}






{{companyBasicDetails.shortName}} Portfolio Companies








See all Portfolio Companies







Company









{{company.shortName}}







{{company.shortName}}









DESCRIPTION
STATUS
INVESTMENT DATE
ROUND
EXIT DATE
FOLLOW?




--{{company.description}}




--{{company.ownership}}





--{{date_format.date}} 
                                {{date_format.year}}






{{company.type}}





--{{date_format.date}} 
                                {{date_format.year}}



















See all Portfolio Companies











{{companyBasicDetails.shortName}} Funding
			







PROVIDE FUNDING DATA 
		    		FOR {{companyBasicDetails.shortName}}
		   			




PROVIDE FUNDING DATA 
		    		FOR {{companyBasicDetails.shortName}}
		   			



PROVIDE FUNDING DATA 
	    		FOR {{companyBasicDetails.shortName}}
	   			




FUNDING HISTORY







Funding Date




--
{{date_format.date}} {{date_format.year}}







Round
Amount
Investors




{{fundingData.type}}






${{fundingData.fundingAmount}}
	                                    	
Source >

Undisclosed
Source >






 
{{investorData.investor}}

--
See All >






Total ${{fundingAmount}}{{currencyFormat}}
Undisclosed














Investors



{{investorInfo.investor}}















{{fundingDynamicSummary}}






{{companyBasicDetails.shortName}} Revenue History
	








TRAILING TWELVE MONTHS(TTM) TREND




Once a consensus is reached, the historical consensus chart will be displayed.





PROVIDE REVENUE DATA 
		 		FOR {{rc.companyName}}
				





QUARTERLY TREND



COMING SOON









${{reve_estimate.value}}{{reve_estimate.denomination}}
less than$1M
--

consensus



${{reve_estimate.value}}{{reve_estimate.denomination}}*
less than$1M*

What is the revenue? 


My estimate



Compare against the competition >


Compare against the competition >









${{reve_estimate.value}}{{reve_estimate.denomination}}
--

Trailing Twelve Months


Compare against the competition >




 








				Back to	Profile
			



{{companyBasicDetails.shortName}}
				Acquisitions
			



{{companyBasicDetails.shortName}}
				Acquisitions
			











See all Acquisitions







See all Acquisitions









					Back to	Profile
				




Acquisition DateAcq. Date

Acquired
Amount

Community Approval RatingRating

What
						do you think?



{{acquisition.date}}







{{acquisition.name}}
{{acquisition.name}}






${{formatted_r.value}}{{formatted_r.denomination}}


undisclosedund.

Source
								>











{{insight_data.insight_info.result.option_2_vote_percentage}}%
									

{{insight_data.insight_info.result.option_2_vote_percentage}}%
									

--
								
--
								



{{insight_data.insight_info.result.option_2_vote_percentage}}%
{{insight_data.insight_info.result.option_2_vote_percentage}}%
--


--










{{insight_data.insight_info.totalVotes}}
votes
vote


--








See all Acquisitions







See all Acquisitions








Provide Acquisition Info
						 for {{companyBasicDetails.shortName}}
						




Provide Acquisition Info
						 for {{companyBasicDetails.shortName}}
						



Provide Acquisition Info
					 for {{companyBasicDetails.shortName}}
					



 No acquisitions made by {{companyBasicDetails.shortName}} 








					Back to	Profile
				






{{aq.acqDynamicSummary}}







{{companyBasicDetails.shortName}} Employee History
	







NO. OF EMPLOYEES TREND




Once a consensus is reached, the historical consensus chart will be displayed.






		 			KNOW HOW MANY PEOPLE WORK AT 
		 			{{ec.companyName}}?
		 			







QUARTERLY TREND



COMING SOON










{{ec.insightDetails.EMPLOYEE.insight_info.consensus | number}}
--

consensus


How many work here?

{{ec.insightDetails.EMPLOYEE.my_estimate | number}}*


My estimate



Compare against the competition >


Compare against the competition >










{{ec.revenueEmpHistory.total_employees | number}}
--




Compare against the competition >


Compare against the competition >





 





{{companyBasicDetails.shortName}} Leadership Team


More on LinkedIn












Name & Title


Title


Social Media












{{ceo.first_name}} {{ceo.last_name}}
Unknown

{{ceo.job_title}}
CEO






{{ceo.job_title}}
CEO











--






More on LinkedIn





Who are the leaders at
{{lc.companyName}}?
		       			







Who are the leaders at
{{lc.companyName}}?
		       			






Who are the leaders at
{{lc.companyName}}?
	       			







{{companyBasicDetails.shortName}} News






See all News 





NO NEWS AVAILABLE 
	    		ON {{companyBasicDetails.shortName}}
	   			












{{feed.title}}


{{feed.title}}

{{feedsCtrl.getArticleDescription(feed)}}

{{feed.source}}
+ {{feed.cluster_count-1}} 
                            	OTHER SOURCES

{{feed.feed_time}}



Share













{{feed.title}}


{{feed.title}}

{{feedsCtrl.getArticleDescription(feed)}}

{{feed.source}}
+ {{feed.cluster_count-1}} 
                            	OTHER SOURCES

{{feed.feed_time}}



Share












See all News 





{{companyBasicDetails.shortName}} Social Statistics
    	








 Provide social media links





 Provide social media links




 Provide social media links









SINCE {{social.twitterStartMonth}} {{social.twitterStartYear}}














			        						PROVIDE TWITTER LINK
			        					




			        						PROVIDE TWITTER LINK
			        					






			        						PROVIDE TWITTER LINK
			        					





		        						PROVIDE TWITTER LINK
		        					






{{social.twitterCurrentVal}}
TWITTER FOLLOWERS
TWITTER FOLLOWER






SINCE {{social.facebookStartMonth}} {{social.facebookStartYear}}

{{social.yAxisMaxValue}}














			        						PROVIDE FACEBOOK LINK
			        					




			        						PROVIDE FACEBOOK LINK
			        					






			        						PROVIDE FACEBOOK LINK
			        					





		        						PROVIDE FACEBOOK LINK
		        					






{{social.fbCurrentVal}}
FACEBOOK LIKES
FACEBOOK LIKE
0






Links to social media accounts:















{{social.statdynamicSummary}}







{{companyBasicDetails.shortName}}
		Website History
	






			Enlarge



Screengrabs of how the {{companyBasicDetails.shortName}}
			site has evolved:
		







{{screenshot.fetch_date}}






 



		No web history currently available for {{companyBasicDetails.shortName}}. 
		Please check back soon.








{{companyBasicDetails.shortName}}
					 Website History
				

 








{{sc.websiteDynamicSummary}}





{{companyBasicDetails.shortName}} Headquarters









{{hq.address.street1}}
{{hq.address.street2}}

{{hq.address.city}}, {{hq.address.state}} {{hq.address.zipcode}}

{{hq.address.phone}}



DRIVING Directions >



Where in the world is {{companyBasicDetails.shortName}}?


Where in the world is {{companyBasicDetails.shortName}}?

Where in the world is {{companyBasicDetails.shortName}}?











DRIVING Directions >







{{companyBasicDetails.shortName}}
		History
		





{{summarySection.summary.companyInfo}}
{{summarySection.summary.vitalInfo}}

{{summarySection.longDescription}}

{{companyBasicDetails.shortName}}
				appears in this list : {{companyBasicDetails.shortName}}
				appears in these lists :

{{link.name}} companies{{$last ? '.' : ','}}



			Visit the {{companyBasicDetails.shortName}} website to learn more.
		




SEE OTHER PROFILES:






{{value}}
{{$last ? '' : '|'}}



















Sorry!
Editing data is currently only available on tablets or desktops

Email our support team >





















 Your team is already using Owler. 
 Join them. 










{{ErrorMsg}}



{{InfoMsg}}


















73% of high-growth companies use Owler every day.
Unlock {{compName}} company profile by entering your work email








Sign me up for Owler's email products. You can unsubscribe at any time. See our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy for more details.



{{ErrorMsg}}



{{InfoMsg}}



{{SignUpEmailErrorMsg}}





Sign me up for Owler's email products. You can unsubscribe at any time. See our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy for more details.



{{ErrorMsg}}



{{InfoMsg}}



{{SignUpEmailErrorMsg}}





Sign In >
Sign In >






Hmmm...are you sure that's your work email?



We can't add you to your team if we don't have your work email.







{{ErrorMsg}}



{{InfoMsg}}






{{email}} is my work email >
I don't have a work email >








Last thing...we promise.

                            Where do you work?
                        







{{CompanyErrorMsg}}




{{CompanyErrorMsg}}











































AcuFocus, Inc. - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile























































  info@wiseguyreports.com  |   
 Chat with us   |    +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)  |     +44 208 133 9349 (UK) 



 Login    Register 






















Home


Report Categories







Premium Reports

Access to 600000+ Premium Reports











  
                                Aerospace & Defense
                              









  
                                Agri & Food
                              









  
                                Automotive
                              









  
                                Basic Materials
                              











  
                                Consumer Goods & Retail
                              









  
                                Energy
                              









  
                                Life Sciences
                              









  
                                Manufacturing & Construction
                              











  
                                Services
                              









  
                                Telecom & IT
                              









  
                                Education
                              









  
                                Security & Intelligence Systems
                              











  
                                Technology
                              









  
                                Company Reports
                              










Report Categories 










Aerospace & Defense
                





Agri & Food
                





Automotive
                





Basic Materials
                







Consumer Goods & Retail
                





Energy
                





Life Sciences
                





Manufacturing & Construction
                







Services
                





Telecom & IT
                





Education
                





Security & Intelligence Systems
                







Technology
                





Company Reports
                








Publisher
Knowledgestore

Countries 
              


Browse by Country
Browse by Continent
Browse by Group / Region



 Conferences
              


Upcoming Conferences
Seminars




 Conferences
              


Upcoming Conferences
Seminars




Countries 

Browse by Country
Browse by Continent
Browse by Group / Region



News & Blog

 Press Release
Blog



News & Blogs

 Press Release
Blogs


FAQs

About Us

About Our Company
Our Team
Life At WGR


Careers
Contact Us











                                         There are no items currently in your basket.
                                     













There are no items currently in your basket!














  




































Search 
                






 














Home
All Reports
AcuFocus, Inc. - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances ...









 


  AcuFocus, Inc. - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile


WGR153683
20 
                  July, 2015 
United States of America
22 pages 
GlobalData






















Description




Table of Content




Sample Report




Enquiry before buy




Related Reports





Summary
AcuFocus, Inc. (AcuFocus) is a medical device company. The company manufactures and distributes ophthalmic devices. Its product includes KAMRA inlay. AcuFocus' KAMRA inlay is an implant that helps reverse the effects of presbyopia and restore near and intermediate vision. The company's KAMRA is an alternative to reading glasses and contact lenses. It has its presence in Argentina, Spain, Portugal, Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Turkey, Greece, Austria, Italy and the UK, among others.  AcuFocus is headquartered in Irvine, California, the US.
AcuFocus, Inc. - Medical Equipment - Deals and Alliances Profile provides you comprehensive data and trend analysis of the company's Mergers and Acquisitions (M&As), partnerships and financings. The report provides detailed information on Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnership transactions recorded by the company over a five year period. The report offers detailed comparative data on the number of deals and their value categorized into deal types, sub-sector and regions.
GlobalData derived the data presented in this report from proprietary in-house Medical eTrack deals database, and primary and secondary research.
Scope
- Financial Deals - Analysis of the company's financial deals including Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offerings, Private Equity, Venture Financing and Partnerships.
- Deals by Year - Chart and table displaying information encompassing the number of deals and value reported by the company by year, for a five year period.
- Deals by Type - Chart and table depicting information including the number of deals and value reported by the company by type such as Mergers and Acquisitions, Equity/Debt Offering etc.
- Deals by Region - Chart and table presenting information on the number of deals and value reported by the company by region, which includes North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, the Middle East and Africa and South and Central America.
- Deals by Sub-sector - Chart and table showing information on the number of deals and value reported by the company, by sub-sector.
- Major Deals - Information on the company's major financial deals. Each such deal has a brief summary, deal type, deal rationale; and deal financials and target Company’s (major public companies) key financial metrics and ratios.
- Business Description - A brief description of the company's operations.
- Key Employees - A list of the key executives of the company.
- Important Locations and Subsidiaries - A list and contact details of key centers of operation and subsidiaries of the company.
- Key Competitors - A list of the key competitors of the company.
- Key Recent Developments - A brief on recent news about the company.
Reasons to Buy
Get detailed information on the company's financial deals that enable you to understand the company's expansion/divestiture and fund requirements
- The profile enables you to analyze the company's financial deals by region, by year, by business segments and by type, for a five year period.
Understand the company's business segments' expansion / divestiture strategy
- The profile presents deals from the company's core business segments' perspective to help you understand its corporate strategy.
Access elaborate information on the company's recent financial deals that enable you to understand the key deals which have shaped the company
- Detailed information on major recent deals includes a summary of each deal, deal type, deal rationale, deal financials and Target Company's key financial metrics and ratios.
Equip yourself with detailed information about the company’s operations to identify potential customers and suppliers.
- The profile analyzes the company's business structure, locations and subsidiaries, key executives and key competitors.
Stay up-to-date on the major developments affecting the company
- Recent developments concerning the company presented in the profile help you track important events.
Gain key insights into the company for academic or business research
- Key elements such as break up of deals into categories and information on detailed major deals are incorporated into the profile to assist your academic or business research needs.
Note*: Some sections may be missing if data is unavailable for the company.


Table of Contents  
Table of Contents  2
List of Tables  3
List of Figures  4
AcuFocus, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Year, 2009 to YTD 2015  5
AcuFocus, Inc., Medical Equipment Deals By Type, 2009 to YTD 2015  6
AcuFocus, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Region, 2009 to YTD 2015  7
AcuFocus, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Market, 2009 to YTD 2015  8
AcuFocus, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals Summary, 2009 to YTD 2015  9
AcuFocus, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deal Details  10
Venture Financing  10
AcuFocus Raises USD21 Million in Venture Financing  10
AcuFocus Raises Funds Through Series F Financing  12
AcuFocus Raises US$42 Million In Venture Financing  14
AcuFocus, Inc. - Key Competitors  15
Key Employees  16
Locations And Subsidiaries  17
Head Office  17
Recent Developments  18
Product News  18
May 04, 2015: NVISION Eye Centers Becomes One of the First in the U.S. to Offer Breakthrough KAMRA Inlay for Near Vision Loss Associated With Aging  18
Apr 18, 2015: Durrie Vision First in Region to Provide Corneal Implant Designed to Treat Presbyopia  19
Apr 17, 2015: FDA approves first-of-its-kind corneal implant to improve near vision in certain patients  20
Product Approvals  21
Apr 17, 2015: FDA approves first-of-its-kind corneal implant to improve near vision in certain patients  21
Appendix  22
Methodology  22
About GlobalData  22
Contact Us  22
Disclaimer  22
List of Tables  
AcuFocus, Inc., Medical Equipment, Key Facts  1
AcuFocus, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals Summary, 2009 to YTD 2015  1
AcuFocus, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Year, 2009 to YTD 2015  5
AcuFocus, Inc., Medical Equipment Deals By Type, 2009 to YTD 2015  6
AcuFocus, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Region, 2009 to YTD 2015  7
AcuFocus, Inc., Deals By Market, 2009 to YTD 2015  8
AcuFocus, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals Summary, 2009 to YTD 2015  9
AcuFocus Raises USD21 Million in Venture Financing  10
AcuFocus Raises Funds Through Series F Financing  12
AcuFocus Raises US$42 Million In Venture Financing  14
AcuFocus, Inc., Key Competitors  15
AcuFocus, Inc., Key Employees  16
List of Figures  
AcuFocus, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals by Type, 2009 to YTD 2015  1
AcuFocus, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Year, 2009 to YTD 2015  1
AcuFocus, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Region, 2009 to YTD 2015  1
AcuFocus, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Market, 2009 to YTD 2015  1
AcuFocus, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Year, 2009 to YTD 2015  5
AcuFocus, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals by Type, 2009 to YTD 2015  6
AcuFocus, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals By Region, 2009 to YTD 2015  7
AcuFocus, Inc., Medical Equipment, Deals by Market, 2009 to YTD 2015  8







                                Request a Sample Report
                                




Name:*










Email:*


(Optional: Request you to please fill in your Corporate Email-ID)



Job Title:*





Company:*





Phone No:*





Your Country:*

--select country--
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodja
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo-Brazzaville
Congo-Kinshasa
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d"Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland (Malvinas)
Faroes
Fiji
Finland
France
French-Guiana
Tahiti(French Polinesia)
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Vatican City
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
North Korea
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norfolk
Northern Mariana
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
St Vincent & the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands British
Virgin Islands US
Wales
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Timor-Leste
Curacao
St Kitts & Nevis
Sint Maarten
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Niue
Montenegro



Do you have any Specific field of Interest?*

















Confirm


 








Make an enquiry before buying this Report




Name:*










Email:*


(Optional: Request you to please fill in your Corporate Email-ID)



Job Title:*





Company:*





Phone No:*





Your Country:*

--select country--
Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua & Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia & Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodja
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo-Brazzaville
Congo-Kinshasa
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote d"Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland (Malvinas)
Faroes
Fiji
Finland
France
French-Guiana
Tahiti(French Polinesia)
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Vatican City
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
North Korea
South Korea
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Norfolk
Northern Mariana
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
St Vincent & the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome & Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands British
Virgin Islands US
Wales
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Timor-Leste
Curacao
St Kitts & Nevis
Sint Maarten
Guernsey
Isle of Man
Jersey
Niue
Montenegro



Your Enquiry*

















Confirm


 
















Purchase this Market Research Report







 USD




 GBP




 EURO




 YEN




 INR







                        1-user PDF
                         
                          $250.00
                        

 
                        Site PDF 
                         
                          $500.00
                        

 
                        Enterprise PDF 
                         
                          $750.00
                        





  1-user PDF
  
 
    192.38
   

 
  Site PDF 
  
 
  384.75
  

 
  Enterprise PDF 
  
 
  577.13
  





  1-user PDF
  
 
    214.40
   

 
  Site PDF 
  
 
  428.80
  

 
  Enterprise PDF 
  
 
  643.20
  





  1-user PDF
  
 
    27,789.25
   

 
  Site PDF 
  
 
  55,578.50
  

 
  Enterprise PDF 
  
 
  83,367.75
  





  1-user PDF
  
 
    16,115.00
   

 
  Site PDF 
  
 
  32,230.00
  

 
  Enterprise PDF 
  
 
  48,345.00
  









Add To Cart
BUY NOW





 















  Email Report


  Sample Report




  Save Page


  Any Questions




  Download information


  Check Discount




  Download Order Form









  Email Report


  Sample Report




  Save Page


  Any Questions




  Download information


  Check Discount




  Download Order Form






Contact Us










Akash Anand
Domain Head Business Development
sales@wiseguyreports.com
+1 (646) 843 9312 (US)
+44 208 133 9349 (UK)













Rishabh Arora
Domain Head Business Development
sales@wiseguyreports.com
+44-208-133-9346













Abu Koshy
Domain Head Business Development
sales@wiseguyreports.com
+1 339 368 6938










Related Reports








                  ×
              
Tell a friend about this report 




Your Name:*





Your Email:*





Friend's Name:*





Friend's Email:*





Your Enquiry*









Send


 











































AcuFocus™: The Small Aperture Company























Thank you for your interest in AcuFocus and the KAMRA™ inlay technology. The inlay was designed specifically to treat presbyopia or near vision loss. To learn more about AcuFocus or the KAMRA inlay click on a link below.

Where are you visiting us from?
United States All Other Countries



 
 

















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


