 


Adaptimmune









































Home
Patients & Families
Careers
Contact Us




























Enhancing the affinity of T-cells to fight cancer
Learn More






Our Goal is to Help Cancer Patients Reach Theirs
Resources for Patients



 





Our Technology
 



Our Company
 



Investor & Financial Information
 








Latest News • View all

July 13, 2017
From the Desk of James Noble - Congratulations to Novartis on Winning FDA Panel Backing for its CAR T Therapy
 
June 5, 2017
Adaptimmune Announces an Oral Presentation on Data from NY-ESO Study in Synovial Sarcoma and Four Trials in Progress Posters at the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting
 
May 26, 2017
Adaptimmune Announces an Oral Presentation and Four Trials in Progress Posters at the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting
 




 


Careers :: Adaptimmune


































 





Home
Patients & Families
Careers
Contact Us





















Careers


 








	Careers
 


Careers at Adaptimmune

As a world leader in T-cell therapeutics for oncology, Adaptimmune is looking to add more brilliant minds to the team.
Adaptimmune has addresses in the US (Philadelphia) and UK (Abingdon), and is at the forefront of immunotherapy research with a broad cancer pipeline of superior engineered T-cell therapies. Fifteen years ago, Adaptimmune scientists began to uncover the mysteries behind how immune cells recognize human disease. Today, the company has applied this expertise to build a superior proprietary T-cell engineering platform that enables the company to overcome common challenges of reprogramming the immune system to reverse disease processes. Adaptimmune is now at the forefront of transforming immunotherapy and developing a broad pipeline of optimized engineered T-cell therapies to treat cancer and other serious conditions.
We believe that the development and cultivation of a well-defined corporate culture is essential for our success. Our underlying corporate philosophy is one that recognizes the importance of individual employees, regardless of their position in the organization. 

Values we Embrace


Integrity
Responsibility
Scientific excellence
Confidentiality
Respect
Creativity
Flexibility
Transparency
Collaboration
 






View Careers - USView Careers - US






View Careers - UKView Careers - UK

 







 


About Adaptimmune :: Adaptimmune


































 





Home
Patients & Families
Careers
Contact Us





















About Adaptimmune


 








	Our Company
 


Leading the TCR T-Cell Therapy Space

Transforming cancer immunotherapy with affinity enhanced T-cell receptors.
Adaptimmune, a leader in T-cell therapy to treat cancer, has multiple trials ongoing in both solid tumours and hematologic cancer types, and in cancers where survival rates for patients can be very limited. Our T-cell therapies have already shown preliminary evidence of tumor reduction in patients and also show a promising risk/benefit profile.
Developed over the last 15 years, our proprietary our proprietary SPEAR® (Specific Peptide Engineered Affinity Receptor) T-cell engineering platform has generated a strong pipeline of affinity enhanced T-cell therapies. We use these therapies to harness the body’s own immune system to find and destroy diseased cells. We can develop T-cell therapies for a broad spectrum of cancer types and patients and have multiple T-cell therapies in development and/or in clinical trials.
Our SPEAR TCR therapies offer promise to patients that often have no other options. We are working hard to make that promise a reality. 


Company History



1993-1999

TCR technology developed at Oxford University




1999

Avidex was formed on the basis of T cell receptor technology from Oxford University




2006

Avidex was acquired by Medigene




2008

Adaptimmune spun out as a virtual company with University of Penn collaboration




2011-2014

Adaptimmune establishes R&D infrastructure and delivers promising clinical data




2014

Strategic collaboration with GSK + $104m Series A Funding Round




2015

Adaptimmune IPO on NASDAQ raises $176 million.






1993-1999
1999
2006
2008
2011-2014
2014
2015








View Management TeamView Management Team






View Board of DirectorsView Board of Directors

 







 


Contact :: Adaptimmune


































 





Home
Patients & Families
Careers
Contact Us





















Contact


 



Contact Adaptimmune

Adaptimmune has addresses in the UK (Oxfordshire) and US (Philadelphia), and is revolutionizing the field of oncology by harnessing the body’s own immune system - specifically T-cells which are a type of white blood cell that is essential for human immunity - to destroy cancer cells.  Our offices are: 



Adaptimmune LLC
351 Rouse BoulevardPhiladelphia, PA 19112USA
At the Philadelphia Navy Yard (http://www.navyyard.org/)
Telephone: +1 (215) 825 9260 Fax: +1 (215) 825 9459 Email: usinfo@adaptimmune.com
Directions to Adaptimmune (PDF) 




Adaptimmune Corporate Office and R&D Facility
60 Jubilee AvenueMilton ParkAbingdonOxfordshireOX14 4RXUK
Telephone: +44 (0) 1235 430000 Fax: +44 (0) 1235 430001 Email: info@adaptimmune.com
Directions to Adaptimmune (PDF)  

For Specific Information, Please Use Following Contact Information

For Investor inquiries:ir@adaptimmune.com
For media inquiries:media@adaptimmune.com
For business inquiries:partnership@adaptimmune.com
For US career inquiries:recruitmentUSA@adaptimmune.com
For UK career inquiries:recruitment@adaptimmune.com 
 







IR Overview :: Investors :: Adaptimmune

HomePatients & FamiliesCareersContact UsInvestorsIR Overview
                            Navigation
                        IR OverviewThank you for your interest in Adaptimmune. We are a leader in the TCR T-cell therapy space focused on novel cancer immunotherapy products. We utilize the body’s own machinery – the T-cell – to target and destroy cancer cells by increasing the affinity of naturally occurring T-cell receptors (TCRs). The result of our efforts are SPEAR® (Specific Peptide Enhanced Affinity Receptor) T-cell therapies that can recognize cancer proteins, and as a result detect and fight cancer within patients.SPEAR T-cell therapies targeting MAGE-A10, MAGE-A4, AFP and NY-ESO are moving into and through clinical studies. In addition to the targets for which clinical and preclinical evaluation is ongoing, we have identified over 30 intracellular target peptides preferentially expressed in cancer cells and are currently progressing 12 through unpartnered research programs.$5.58  0.1 (1.76%)
ADAP (American Depositary Shares)
			  ExchangeNASDAQ GS (US Dollar)Volume115,113Today's Open$5.73Previous Close$5.68Data as of 07/25/17 4:00 p.m.Refresh quoteData provided by Nasdaq.  Minimum 15 minutes delayed.Recent NewsMore >>DateTitle 07/13/17From the Desk of James Noble - Congratulations to Novartis on Winning FDA Panel Backing for its CAR T TherapyOn Tuesday July 12th, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration Oncologic Drugs  Advisory Committee (ODAC) unanimously endorsed Novartis’s anti-CD19 CAR-T therapy (tisagenlecleucel,  “CTL019”). This was  a significant milestone in realizing the promise of engineered T-cell therapy, and  it is likely that engineered T-cells targeting CD19 could be the first  gene therapy approved for human use in the U.S. 

  This endorsement represents not only confidence  in engineered T-cell therapy as an import... 06/05/17Adaptimmune Announces an Oral Presentation on Data from NY-ESO Study in Synovial Sarcoma and Four Trials in Progress Posters at the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual MeetingPHILADELPHIA and OXFORD, United Kingdom, June  05, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc (Nasdaq:ADAP), a leader in T-cell therapy to treat cancer, today announced an oral presentation on updated data from its NY-ESO study in synovial sarcoma, as well as four trials in progress posters. The data were presented at the 2017 ASCO annual meeting in Chicago, Illinois.

The Company will host a live teleconference and webcast slide presentation on June 6th from 8:00–9:00 AM EDT (1:00... 05/26/17Adaptimmune Announces an Oral Presentation and Four Trials in Progress Posters at the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual MeetingPHILADELPHIA and OXFORD, United Kingdom, May  26, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc (Nasdaq:ADAP), a leader in T-cell therapy to treat cancer, today announced an oral presentation, as well as four trials in progress posters, at the 2017 ASCO annual meeting in Chicago, Illinois on June 2 through June 6, 2017.

During an oral presentation scheduled for 1:15-1:27 PM CDT on June 5th, Dr. Sandra P. D’Angelo of the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center will present a full updat... 05/25/17Adaptimmune Announces Initiation of Study to Evaluate SPEAR T-Cell Therapy Targeting NY-ESO in Combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) in Multiple MyelomaPHILADELPHIA and OXFORD, United Kingdom, May  25, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc (Nasdaq:ADAP), a leader in T-cell therapy to treat cancer, today announced that it has initiated its study of NY-ESO SPEAR T‑cells targeting NY-ESO in combination with KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab), an anti-PD-1 inhibitor marketed by Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA (known as MSD outside the US and Canada), in patients with multiple myeloma. This study is now open for enrollment.

Thi... Upcoming EventsMore >>There are currently no events scheduled.
					Receive E-mail AlertsSign up to receive e-mail alerts whenever Adaptimmune posts new information to the site. Just enter your e-mail address and click Submit.







                      


Management & Founders :: Adaptimmune


































 





Home
Patients & Families
Careers
Contact Us





















Management & Founders


 








	Our Company
 








James Noble
Chief Executive Officer
James Noble has served as our full-time Chief Executive Officer since March 2014 and part-time CEO from July 2008 to March 2014 and is one of our co-founders. From July 2008 until March 2014, Mr. Noble was also part-time CEO of Immunocore Limited. Mr. Noble has 24 years of experience in the biotech industry.
He has held numerous non-executive director positions, including at CuraGen Corporation, PowderJect Pharmaceuticals plc, Oxford GlycoSciences plc, MediGene AG, and Advanced Medical Solutions plc. Mr. Noble is also Deputy Chairman of GW Pharmaceuticals plc (NASDAQ: GWPH).
Mr. Noble qualified as a chartered accountant with PwC and spent seven years at the investment bank Kleinwort Benson Limited, where he became a director in 1990. He then joined British Biotech plc as Chief Financial Officer from 1990 to 1997. Mr. Noble was previously Chief Executive Officer of Avidex Limited, a privately held biotechnology company that was our predecessor, from 2000 to 2006. Mr. Noble holds an MA from the University of Oxford. 










Bent Jakobsen, PhD
Scientific Founder
Dr. Bent Jakobsen co-founded Avidex, the predecessor company to Adaptimmune, in March 1999. As our scientific founder, he provides strategic and advisory research input.
Dr. Jakobsen co-founded Avidex whilst he was at the Institute of Molecular Medicine at the University of Oxford, where he was Head of the Immune Receptor Group from 1993 to July 2000. This group is recognised as one of the leading international laboratories in molecular immunology and is a world leader in recombinant immune receptor technology. Prior to this, he was a Senior Research Fellow of the Danish Natural Research Council, Aarhus, Denmark. This followed three years as a Post-doctoral researcher at the Laboratory of Molecular Biology of the Medical Research Council in Cambridge. Dr. Jakobsen was formerly CSO of Adaptimmune since its inception as a spin-out of MediGene in 2008. 










Helen Tayton-Martin, PhD, MBA
Chief Business Officer
Dr. Helen Tayton-Martin transitioned to become Adaptimmune's Chief Business Officer in March 2017, having served as Chief Operating Officer since 2008. She is responsible for optimizing the strategic and commercial opportunity for the Company’s assets, leading on business development and commercial activities. Her role encompasses all aspects of pipeline and technology assessment, strategic portfolio analysis, integrated program management, commercial planning and partnerships, including our strategic partnership with GSK.
Dr. Tayton-Martin has 25 years of experience working within the pharma, biotech and consulting environment in disciplines across preclinical and clinical development, outsourcing, strategic planning, due diligence and business development. She co-founded Adaptimmune from Avidex Limited (subsequently Medigene) where she was responsible for commercial development of the soluble TCR programme in cancer and HIV therapy from 2005 to 2008. Dr. Tayton-Martin holds a Ph.D. in molecular immunology from the University of Bristol, U.K. and an M.B.A. from London Business School. 










Rafael Amado, MD
Chief Medical Officer
Dr. Rafael Amado has served as our Chief Medical Officer since March 2015 and has 12 years of experience within the biotech and pharma industries. Dr. Amado leads our clinical strategy and is responsible for our clinical trials across the U.S. and Europe under our strategic collaboration with GSK (LSE/NYSE: GSK), as well as leading the development of our pipeline of wholly‑owned research programs.
He formerly served as Senior Vice President and Head of Oncology R&D at GSK, where he was responsible for integrating oncology R&D activities, from drug target identification to clinical development and registration globally. Dr. Amado joined GSK in 2008 as Vice President of Clinical Development, and served in positions of increasing responsibility, including Senior Vice President and Head of Oncology Clinical Development. He oversaw the development and registration globally of over fifteen novel indications across six products and led the development of a pipeline of products in novel areas of cancer biology.
Prior to joining GSK, Dr. Amado was Executive Director of Therapeutic Oncology at Amgen from 2003 to 2008 where he was responsible for development activities of several assets. Dr. Amado trained as a Hematologist/Oncologist at the University of California, Los Angeles, where he remained as faculty for eight years until joining Amgen in 2003. He holds an M.D. from the University of Seville School of Medicine, and performed his residency in Internal Medicine at Michael Reese Hospital, a University of Chicago Affiliated Hospital, and his fellowship in Hematology/Oncology at the University of California, Los Angeles. 










Adrian Rawcliffe
Chief Financial Officer
Adrian Rawcliffe has served as our Chief Financial Officer since March 2015 and leads our financial strategy and operations, as well as Investor Relations, corporate communications, global IT and facilities. He has 17 years of experience within the pharmaceutical industry and most recently served as Senior Vice President, Finance of GSK's North American Pharmaceuticals business. Mr. Rawcliffe currently serves as a non-executive director of WAVE Life Sciences (NASDAQ: WVE).
Mr. Rawcliffe joined GSK in 1998 and his other senior roles at the company included Senior Vice President Worldwide Business Development and R&D Finance, where he was responsible for all business development and finance activities for GSK's Pharmaceuticals R&D business and Managing Partner and President of SR One Ltd, GSK's venture‑capital business. Mr. Rawcliffe qualified as a chartered accountant with PwC and holds a B.Sc. degree in Natural Sciences from the University of Durham, U.K. 










Gwendolyn Binder-Scholl, PhD
Chief Technology Officer
Dr. Gwendolyn Binder-Scholl has served as our Chief Technology Officer since February 2016. Prior to assuming this position, Dr. Binder-Scholl was Executive Vice President of Adaptimmune LLC and Head of Translational Sciences. She has also previously served in senior clinical, regulatory and operational roles in the company since March 2011.
As CTO, Dr. Binder-Scholl leads our Manufacturing Development and Translational Science operations and oversees the UK research team. Her strategic focus is on optimizing the therapeutic potential of Adaptimmune’s product through directed translational research across correlative clinical and manufacturing development. As well as her leadership of manufacturing operations, she oversees process development and the co-ordination of Research operations more broadly, integrating pipeline and second generation T-cell research with clinical outcomes.
Dr. Binder-Scholl has 14 years of industry and academic experience in cellular and gene therapy translational research and development, with prior roles including Director of Translational Research Operations at the University of Pennsylvania from 2006 to 2011 and Director of Scientific Affairs at Virxsys Corporation. Dr. Binder-Scholl is a biochemistry and molecular biology graduate of Wells College with a Ph.D. in cellular and molecular medicine from Johns Hopkins University. 










William (Bill) Bertrand
Chief Operating Officer
William (Bill) Bertrand has served as our Chief Operating Officer since March 2017 and is responsible for a range of operational functions including compliance, risk management, human resources and legal/IP.
Mr. Bertrand's prior experience includes a 12 year tenure at MedImmune, where he served as its first General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer, along with holding a variety of operational and corporate strategy roles. He has also formerly served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel for Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and as Senior Vice President, Acting Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel for Salix Pharmaceuticals, where he remained as General Manager to help finalize the integration of the company's $14 billion acquisition by Valeant Pharmaceuticals in April 2015. He is currently a member of the board of directors of Ardelyx, Inc. (NASDAQ: ARDX). Mr. Bertrand received a J.D. from the University of Wisconsin and a B.S. in biology from Wayne State University. 











 


Board of Directors :: Adaptimmune


































 





Home
Patients & Families
Careers
Contact Us





















Board of Directors


 








	Our Company
 








David M. Mott
Chairman
David Mott has served as our Chairman since January 2017 and as a Non-Executive Director since September 2014, initially in a capacity as a nominee of New Enterprise Associates 14 LP (NEA), one of our shareholders. Mr. Mott has served as a General Partner of NEA, an investment firm focused on venture capital and growth equity investments, since 2008, and leads its healthcare investing practice.
He was formerly President and Chief Executive Officer of MedImmune LLC, a subsidiary of AstraZeneca Plc, and Executive Vice President of AstraZeneca Plc. From 1992 to 2008, Mr. Mott worked at MedImmune and served in roles including Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to joining MedImmune, Mr. Mott was a Vice President in the Health Care Investment Banking Group at Smith Barney, Harris Upham & Co., Inc.
He is currently a member of the board of directors of Ardelyx, Epizyme and Tesaro, as well as several private companies, and has previously served on numerous public and private company boards in the biopharmaceutical industry. Mr. Mott received a bachelor of arts degree from Dartmouth College. 










James Noble
Chief Executive Officer
James Noble has served as our full-time Chief Executive Officer since March 2014 and part-time CEO from July 2008 to March 2014 and is one of our co-founders. From July 2008 until March 2014, Mr. Noble was also part-time CEO of Immunocore Limited. Mr. Noble has 24 years of experience in the biotech industry.
He has held numerous non-executive director positions, including at CuraGen Corporation, PowderJect Pharmaceuticals plc, Oxford GlycoSciences plc, MediGene AG, and Advanced Medical Solutions plc. Mr. Noble is also Deputy Chairman of GW Pharmaceuticals plc (NASDAQ: GWPH).
Mr. Noble qualified as a chartered accountant with PwC and spent seven years at the investment bank Kleinwort Benson Limited, where he became a director in 1990. He then joined British Biotech plc as Chief Financial Officer from 1990 to 1997. Mr. Noble was previously Chief Executive Officer of Avidex Limited, a privately held biotechnology company that was our predecessor, from 2000 to 2006. Mr. Noble holds an MA from the University of Oxford. 










Lawrence M. Alleva
Non-Executive Director
Lawrence (Larry) Alleva has served as a Non‑Executive Director since March 2015. Mr. Alleva is a former partner with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC), where he worked for 39 years from 1971 until his retirement in June 2010, including 28 years’ service as a partner.
Mr. Alleva worked with numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies as clients and, additionally, served PwC in a variety of office, regional and national practice leadership roles, most recently as the U.S. Ethics and Compliance Leader for the firm’s Assurance Practice from 2006 until 2010.
Mr. Alleva currently serves as a director for public companies Tesaro Inc. (NASDAQ: TSRO), Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. (NYSE: BFAM) and Mirna Therapeutics Inc. (NYSE: MIRN), and chairs the audit committee for those companies. He previously served on the board of GlobalLogic, Inc. through the sale of the company in 2013 and also chaired the audit committee.
Mr. Alleva is a Certified Public Accountant (inactive). He received a B.S. degree in Accounting from Ithaca College and attended Columbia University’s Executive MBA non-degree program. 










Ali Behbahani, MD
Non-Executive Director
Dr. Ali Behbahani has served as a Non-Executive Director since September 2014, initially in a capacity as a nominee of New Enterprise Associates 14 LP, (NEA), one of our shareholders.
Dr. Behbahani is a Partner on the healthcare team at NEA since 2013, having worked for the fund since 2007, specializing in investments in the biopharmaceutical, medical device, specialty pharmaceutical and healthcare services sectors. He is also currently a member of the board of directors of Nevro Corp. He has previously worked as a consultant in business development at The Medicines Company and held positions as a Venture Associate at Morgan Stanley Venture Partners from 2000 to 2002 and as a Healthcare Investment Banking Analyst at Lehman Brothers from 1998 to 2000.
Dr. Behbahani conducted basic science research in the fields of viral fusion inhibition and structural proteomics at the National Institutes of Health and at Duke University. He holds an MD degree from The University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine and an MBA from The University of Pennsylvania Wharton School. 










Barbara Duncan
Non-Executive Director
Barbara Duncan has served as a Non-Executive Director since June 2016. She has over 15 years of experience in the life sciences industry and has served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer at Intercept Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: ICPT) since May 2009 and as Chief Financial Officer and then Chief Executive Officer at DOV Pharmaceuticals, Inc. from 2001 to 2009.
Prior to joining DOV, Ms. Duncan served as Vice President of Corporate Finance - Global Healthcare at Lehman Brothers Inc. from 1998 to 2001, and as Director of Corporate Finance at SBC Warburg Dillon Read Inc. from 1994 to 1998. She also worked for PepsiCo, Inc. from 1989 to 1992 in its international audit division, and was a certified public accountant in the audit division of Deloitte & Touche LLP from 1986 to 1989.
Ms. Duncan currently serves as a director for public company, Medgenics, Inc. (NYSE: MDGN), and for privately held companies, Edgemont Pharmaceuticals, LLC and Jounce Therapeutics, Inc. She holds an MBA from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and a Bachelor of Business Administration from Louisiana State University. 










Giles Kerr
Non-Executive Director
Giles Kerr has served as a Non-Executive Director since November 2016. He has substantial commercial and financial experience gained from service on numerous public and private company boards and as an audit partner. Mr. Kerr has served as Director of Finance of the University of Oxford since 2005. He also currently serves as a Board member and Audit Committee member of public companies BTG plc (LSE: BTG), Paypoint plc (LSE: PAY) and Senior plc (LSE: SNR) as well as on the boards of several private companies.
Mr. Kerr previously served in roles of increasing seniority at Amersham plc since 1990, including as Chief Financial Officer and a Board member from 1997 to 2004, when the company was acquired by GE Healthcare, and as a director of Victrex plc and of Elan Corporation Inc. Prior to his role at Amersham, Mr. Kerr was a National Partner with Arthur Andersen. He is a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of England and Wales and holds a B.A. degree in Economics from the University of York, U.K. 










Elliott Sigal, MD, PhD
Non-Executive Director
Dr. Elliott Sigal has served as a Non-Executive Director since September 2014 and is a former Executive Vice President and member of the Board of Directors of Bristol-Myers Squibb. He joined BMS in 1997 as head of Applied Genomics, went on to head Discovery Research followed by clinical development and ultimately served as Chief Scientific Officer and President of R&D from 2004 until 2013.
Dr. Sigal serves as a board member for the Mead Johnson Nutrition Company, Spark Therapeutics and the Melanoma Research Alliance. He also serves as a senior advisor to the healthcare team of NEA and consults for several biotechnology companies.
Dr. Sigal holds an MD from the University of Chicago and trained in Internal Medicine and Pulmonary Medicine at the University of California, San Francisco, where he was on faculty from 1988 to 1992. He also holds a BS, M.S, and PhD in engineering from Purdue University. 










Peter Thompson, MD
Non-Executive Director
Dr. Peter Thompson has served as a Non-Executive Director since September 2014, initially in his capacity as a nominee of OrbiMed Private Investments V, L.P., one of our shareholders. Dr. Thompson is currently a Private Equity Partner with OrbiMed who brings over 25 years of industry experience.
He co-founded and was Chief Executive Officer of Trubion Pharmaceuticals from 2002 to 2009 (NASDAQ: TRBN), co-founded Cleave BioSciences and Corvus Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:CRVS), and was previously an executive of Chiron Corporation and Becton Dickinson.
Dr. Thompson also serves as a Director on several public and private company Boards, is an Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year awardee and an Affiliate Professor of Neurosurgery at the University of Washington. He is the inventor on numerous patents, is a board-certified internist and oncologist and was on the staff at the National Cancer Institute following his internal medicine training at Yale University. 










Tal Zaks, MD, PhD
Non-Executive Director
Dr. Tal Zaks has served as a Non-Executive Director since November 2016. He has substantial research, development and commercialization experience gained from service in industry and academia. Dr. Zaks has served as the Chief Medical Officer of Moderna Therapeutics, Inc. since March 2015. He previously served as Senior Vice President and Head of Global Oncology at Sanofi Inc, where he was responsible for all aspects of oncology drug discovery, development and commercialization.
Dr. Zaks began his industry career at GlaxoSmithKline in the genetics research group, where he built the oncology translational medicine team and led translational research on lapatinib as well as the in-licensing and clinical development of foretinib. In addition to his industry work, Dr. Zaks is an Adjunct Associate Professor of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania and has served as a volunteer physician at the Philadelphia Veterans Administration Medical Center, treating patients with genitourinary cancers.
Dr. Zaks received his M.D. and Ph.D. degrees from the Ben Gurion University in Israel and conducted post-doctoral research at the U.S. National Institutes of Health. He completed his clinical training in internal medicine at Temple University Hospital followed by a fellowship in medical oncology at the University of Pennsylvania. 













Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 8:18 PM ET
Biotechnology

Company Overview of Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, focuses on the provision of cancer immunotherapy products based on its proprietary SPEAR T-cell platform. Its platform enables to identify cancer targets; find and genetically engineer T-cell receptors (TCR); and produce TCR therapeutic candidates for administration to patients. The company’s lead program includes NY-ESO-1 and LAGE-1a cancer antigens, which are in Phase I/II clinical trials for patients with solid tumors, as well as hematological cancer types, including synovial sarcoma, multiple myeloma, non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), and ovarian cancer; and pilot trial for myxoid round cell liposarcoma. It is al...
Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, focuses on the provision of cancer immunotherapy products based on its proprietary SPEAR T-cell platform. Its platform enables to identify cancer targets; find and genetically engineer T-cell receptors (TCR); and produce TCR therapeutic candidates for administration to patients. The company’s lead program includes NY-ESO-1 and LAGE-1a cancer antigens, which are in Phase I/II clinical trials for patients with solid tumors, as well as hematological cancer types, including synovial sarcoma, multiple myeloma, non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), and ovarian cancer; and pilot trial for myxoid round cell liposarcoma. It is also developing MAGE A-10 peptide that is in Phase I/II clinical trials to treat urothelial (bladder), melanoma, and head and neck cancers, as well as NSCLC; AFP SPEAR T-cell therapeutic candidate that has completed preclinical testing for targeting a peptide associated with hepatocellular carcinoma; and MAGE-A4 to treat urothelial (bladder), melanoma, head and neck, esophageal and gastric, and ovarian cancer, as well as NSCLC. It has a strategic collaboration and licensing agreement with GlaxoSmithKline for the development and commercialization of the NY-ESO SPEAR T-cell program; and strategic alliance with MD Anderson Cancer Center for the development of T-cell therapies for various cancers. The company also has a clinical trial collaboration agreement with Merck & Co., Inc. for the assessment of NY-ESO SPEAR T-cell in combination with anti-programmed death-1 inhibitor in patients with multiple myeloma; and a research, collaboration, and license agreement with Universal Cells, Inc. to gene editing and HLA-engineering technology, as well as a collaboration agreement with Bellicum Pharmaceutical Inc. to evaluate, develop, and commercialize next generation T-cell therapies. Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in Abingdon, the United Kingdom.
Detailed Description


101 Park DriveMilton ParkAbingdon,  OX14 4RYUnited KingdomFounded in 2014312 Employees



Phone: 44 12 3543 0000

Fax: 44 12 3543 0001

www.adaptimmune.com







Key Executives for Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc




Mr. James Julian Noble M.A., F.C.A.


      	Chief Executive Officer and Director
      


Age: 58
        

Total Annual Compensation: $388.4K








Mr. Adrian Rawcliffe


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 45
        

Total Annual Compensation: $435.0K








Dr. Rafael Amado M.D.


      	Chief Medical Officer
      


Age: 53
        

Total Annual Compensation: $430.0K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc Key Developments

Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc Announces Oral Presentation on Updated Data from Its Ny-ESO Study in Synovial Sarcoma
Jun 5 17
Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc announced an oral presentation on updated data from its NY-ESO study in synovial sarcoma, as well as four trials in progress posters. The data were presented at the 2017 ASCO annual meeting in Chicago, Illinois. Data Update from the Ongoing NY-ESO Synovial Sarcoma Study: During an oral presentation on June 5th entitled, “Open label, non-randomized, multi-cohort pilot study of genetically engineered NY-ESO-1 specific NY-ESO-1c259t in HLA-A2+ patients with synovial sarcoma (NCT01343043),” Dr. Sandra P. D’Angelo of the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center presented an update on all cohorts from Adaptimmune’s ongoing study. NY-ESO continues to be generally well-tolerated and initial anti-tumor activity has been observed in all ongoing cohorts including low expressors of NY-ESO (Cohort 2) Of the twelve patients treated in Cohort 1 (non-modified fludarabine /cyclophosphamide [“Flu/Cy”] lymphodepletion regimen), five remain alive with a median predicted overall survival of 120 weeks (~28 months) (data cutoff March 30, 2017) Confirmed responses have been observed in all cohorts as follows: Cohort 1 (High Flu/Cy, High NY-ESO): 6/12 (50%) patients with a median progression free survival (PFS) of 15 weeks (range:8, 38); 6/10 (60%) response rate in patients who received a target dose of at least one billion cells, Cohort 2 (High Flu/Cy, Low NY-ESO): 2/5 (40%); ongoing, Cohort 3: (High cyclophosphamide, no fludarabine, High NY-ESO): 1/5 (20%); cohort closed, Cohort 4 (Modified Flu/Cy, High NY-ESO): 3/6 (50%); (ongoing), Peak and long-term expansion of NY-ESO SPEAR T-cells appears to correlate with clinical efficacy Fludarabine appears to be an important component of the lymphodepletion regimen, All reported events of cytokine release syndrome resolved with supportive care, and the majority of events were Grade 1 or 2 and There were no reported events of seizure, cerebral edema, or encephalopathy. NY-ESO in MRCLS (NCT02992743): Open-label, non-randomized pilot study evaluating the safety, tolerability, and antitumor activity of NY-ESO SPEAR T-cells in patients with MRCLS, Initially, 10 subjects are planned to be enrolled, with potential to enroll an additional 5 subjects. Subjects who do not receive the minimum cell dose or who do not receive the T-cell infusion may be replaced. Subjects must be: = 18 yrs old; HLA-A*02:01, *02:05, or *02:06 positive; have advanced (metastatic or inoperable) MRCLS expressing NY-ESO-1 at 2+/3+ intensity in =30% of tumor cells by IHC; measurable disease; prior systemic anthracycline therapy; have ECOG status 0 or 1; and adequate organ function. Lymphodepletion regimen: fludarabine (30mg/m2/day) and cyclophosphamide (600 mg/m2/day) for 3 days; same as Cohort 4 in Synovial Sarcoma study, Target dose of 1 – 8 × 109 transduced SPEAR T-cells, Efficacy assessed by overall response rate, time to response, duration of response, progression-free survival, and overall survival at weeks 4, 8, and 12, month 6, and then every 3 months until confirmation of disease progression and This study is open and actively enrolling; as of May 18, 2017, 3 subjects have been enrolled.


Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc Presents at American Society of Clinical Oncology 2017 Annual Meeting, Jun-06-2017 07:00 AM
Jun 5 17
Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc Presents at American Society of Clinical Oncology 2017 Annual Meeting, Jun-06-2017 07:00 AM. Venue: Chicago, Illinois, United States.


Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc Presents at 3rd Annual Immuno-Oncology: BD&L and Investment Forum, Jun-02-2017
May 31 17
Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc Presents at 3rd Annual Immuno-Oncology: BD&L and Investment Forum, Jun-02-2017. Venue: Hyatt Centric Chicago Magnificent Mile Hotel, 633 North Saint Clair Street, Chicago, IL 60611, United States. Presentation Date & Speakers: Jun-02-2017, Helen Katrina Tayton-Martin, Co-Founder and Chief Business Officer.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 Abcellute Ltd. Europe Abcodia Ltd. Europe Abeterno Ltd. Europe Abgentis Limited Europe Achilles Therapeutics Ltd. Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc, please visit www.adaptimmune.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 


Management & Founders :: Adaptimmune


































 





Home
Patients & Families
Careers
Contact Us





















Management & Founders


 








	Our Company
 








James Noble
Chief Executive Officer
James Noble has served as our full-time Chief Executive Officer since March 2014 and part-time CEO from July 2008 to March 2014 and is one of our co-founders. From July 2008 until March 2014, Mr. Noble was also part-time CEO of Immunocore Limited. Mr. Noble has 24 years of experience in the biotech industry.
He has held numerous non-executive director positions, including at CuraGen Corporation, PowderJect Pharmaceuticals plc, Oxford GlycoSciences plc, MediGene AG, and Advanced Medical Solutions plc. Mr. Noble is also Deputy Chairman of GW Pharmaceuticals plc (NASDAQ: GWPH).
Mr. Noble qualified as a chartered accountant with PwC and spent seven years at the investment bank Kleinwort Benson Limited, where he became a director in 1990. He then joined British Biotech plc as Chief Financial Officer from 1990 to 1997. Mr. Noble was previously Chief Executive Officer of Avidex Limited, a privately held biotechnology company that was our predecessor, from 2000 to 2006. Mr. Noble holds an MA from the University of Oxford. 










Bent Jakobsen, PhD
Scientific Founder
Dr. Bent Jakobsen co-founded Avidex, the predecessor company to Adaptimmune, in March 1999. As our scientific founder, he provides strategic and advisory research input.
Dr. Jakobsen co-founded Avidex whilst he was at the Institute of Molecular Medicine at the University of Oxford, where he was Head of the Immune Receptor Group from 1993 to July 2000. This group is recognised as one of the leading international laboratories in molecular immunology and is a world leader in recombinant immune receptor technology. Prior to this, he was a Senior Research Fellow of the Danish Natural Research Council, Aarhus, Denmark. This followed three years as a Post-doctoral researcher at the Laboratory of Molecular Biology of the Medical Research Council in Cambridge. Dr. Jakobsen was formerly CSO of Adaptimmune since its inception as a spin-out of MediGene in 2008. 










Helen Tayton-Martin, PhD, MBA
Chief Business Officer
Dr. Helen Tayton-Martin transitioned to become Adaptimmune's Chief Business Officer in March 2017, having served as Chief Operating Officer since 2008. She is responsible for optimizing the strategic and commercial opportunity for the Company’s assets, leading on business development and commercial activities. Her role encompasses all aspects of pipeline and technology assessment, strategic portfolio analysis, integrated program management, commercial planning and partnerships, including our strategic partnership with GSK.
Dr. Tayton-Martin has 25 years of experience working within the pharma, biotech and consulting environment in disciplines across preclinical and clinical development, outsourcing, strategic planning, due diligence and business development. She co-founded Adaptimmune from Avidex Limited (subsequently Medigene) where she was responsible for commercial development of the soluble TCR programme in cancer and HIV therapy from 2005 to 2008. Dr. Tayton-Martin holds a Ph.D. in molecular immunology from the University of Bristol, U.K. and an M.B.A. from London Business School. 










Rafael Amado, MD
Chief Medical Officer
Dr. Rafael Amado has served as our Chief Medical Officer since March 2015 and has 12 years of experience within the biotech and pharma industries. Dr. Amado leads our clinical strategy and is responsible for our clinical trials across the U.S. and Europe under our strategic collaboration with GSK (LSE/NYSE: GSK), as well as leading the development of our pipeline of wholly‑owned research programs.
He formerly served as Senior Vice President and Head of Oncology R&D at GSK, where he was responsible for integrating oncology R&D activities, from drug target identification to clinical development and registration globally. Dr. Amado joined GSK in 2008 as Vice President of Clinical Development, and served in positions of increasing responsibility, including Senior Vice President and Head of Oncology Clinical Development. He oversaw the development and registration globally of over fifteen novel indications across six products and led the development of a pipeline of products in novel areas of cancer biology.
Prior to joining GSK, Dr. Amado was Executive Director of Therapeutic Oncology at Amgen from 2003 to 2008 where he was responsible for development activities of several assets. Dr. Amado trained as a Hematologist/Oncologist at the University of California, Los Angeles, where he remained as faculty for eight years until joining Amgen in 2003. He holds an M.D. from the University of Seville School of Medicine, and performed his residency in Internal Medicine at Michael Reese Hospital, a University of Chicago Affiliated Hospital, and his fellowship in Hematology/Oncology at the University of California, Los Angeles. 










Adrian Rawcliffe
Chief Financial Officer
Adrian Rawcliffe has served as our Chief Financial Officer since March 2015 and leads our financial strategy and operations, as well as Investor Relations, corporate communications, global IT and facilities. He has 17 years of experience within the pharmaceutical industry and most recently served as Senior Vice President, Finance of GSK's North American Pharmaceuticals business. Mr. Rawcliffe currently serves as a non-executive director of WAVE Life Sciences (NASDAQ: WVE).
Mr. Rawcliffe joined GSK in 1998 and his other senior roles at the company included Senior Vice President Worldwide Business Development and R&D Finance, where he was responsible for all business development and finance activities for GSK's Pharmaceuticals R&D business and Managing Partner and President of SR One Ltd, GSK's venture‑capital business. Mr. Rawcliffe qualified as a chartered accountant with PwC and holds a B.Sc. degree in Natural Sciences from the University of Durham, U.K. 










Gwendolyn Binder-Scholl, PhD
Chief Technology Officer
Dr. Gwendolyn Binder-Scholl has served as our Chief Technology Officer since February 2016. Prior to assuming this position, Dr. Binder-Scholl was Executive Vice President of Adaptimmune LLC and Head of Translational Sciences. She has also previously served in senior clinical, regulatory and operational roles in the company since March 2011.
As CTO, Dr. Binder-Scholl leads our Manufacturing Development and Translational Science operations and oversees the UK research team. Her strategic focus is on optimizing the therapeutic potential of Adaptimmune’s product through directed translational research across correlative clinical and manufacturing development. As well as her leadership of manufacturing operations, she oversees process development and the co-ordination of Research operations more broadly, integrating pipeline and second generation T-cell research with clinical outcomes.
Dr. Binder-Scholl has 14 years of industry and academic experience in cellular and gene therapy translational research and development, with prior roles including Director of Translational Research Operations at the University of Pennsylvania from 2006 to 2011 and Director of Scientific Affairs at Virxsys Corporation. Dr. Binder-Scholl is a biochemistry and molecular biology graduate of Wells College with a Ph.D. in cellular and molecular medicine from Johns Hopkins University. 










William (Bill) Bertrand
Chief Operating Officer
William (Bill) Bertrand has served as our Chief Operating Officer since March 2017 and is responsible for a range of operational functions including compliance, risk management, human resources and legal/IP.
Mr. Bertrand's prior experience includes a 12 year tenure at MedImmune, where he served as its first General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer, along with holding a variety of operational and corporate strategy roles. He has also formerly served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel for Infinity Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and as Senior Vice President, Acting Chief Operating Officer and General Counsel for Salix Pharmaceuticals, where he remained as General Manager to help finalize the integration of the company's $14 billion acquisition by Valeant Pharmaceuticals in April 2015. He is currently a member of the board of directors of Ardelyx, Inc. (NASDAQ: ARDX). Mr. Bertrand received a J.D. from the University of Wisconsin and a B.S. in biology from Wayne State University. 














Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc –  (NASDAQ:ADAP) Stock Closed  Its 50 Day Moving Average 












































 Finance DailyDaily markets, commodities, personal finance and economic newsAdaptimmune Therapeutics plc –  (NASDAQ:ADAP) Stock Closed  Its 50 Day Moving Average
July 13, 2017 By Ted Blackburn Tweet
        Advertisement



(NASDAQ:ADAP) shares saw heavy trading volume with 303K shares changing hands in the last trading session.  Overall, volume was up 21.94% over the stocks normal daily volume.  Short traders are feeling a little more bearish on shares of Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc –  if you take into consideration the change in short interest.  The stock realized a rise in short interest of 43.65% as of May 31, 2017 from the last reporting period.  Short shares grew from 300,436 to 431,591 over that period. 
 Here is the rundown on market activity for Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc –  (NASDAQ:ADAP).   Advisors Llc Orbimed, Director disclosed the purchase of 1,190,476 shares of ADAP stock. The shares were bought on March 27th for an average price of $4.20. The Director now owns $25,827,383 of the stock per the Form 4 SEC filing. David M. Mott, Director disclosed the purchase of 12,870,000 shares. The shares were purchased at an average price of $0.70. Mott now owns $50,497,300 of the stock according to the SEC filing.
 Director Peter A. Thompson purchased 1,190,476 shares at an average price of $4.20 on Mon the 27th. Thompson now owns $25,827,383 of stock as recorded in a recent Form 4 SEC filing.
 Here are a few other firms who have also updated their positions.   Morgan Stanley expanded its ownership by buying 5,103 shares an increase of 142.9%. Morgan Stanley owns 8,673 shares valued at $48,000. The value of the position overall is up by 92.0%. Capital World Investors grew its position by buying 2,312,214 shares an increase of 51.6% from 12/31/2016 to 03/31/2017. Capital World Investors now controls 6,792,700 shares worth $37,428,000. The total value of its holdings increased 106.3%.
 As of the end of the quarter Orbimed Advisors LLC had acquired  a total of 1,190,476 shares growing its holdings by 164.4%. The value of the investment in Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc –  went from $2,933,000 to $10,550,000 increasing 259.7% quarter to quarter. Qvt Financial Lp bolstered its stake by buying 703,389 shares an increase of 107.0% as of 03/31/2017. Qvt Financial Lp claims 1,360,647 shares with a value of $6,940,000. The total value of its holdings increased 160.7%.        Advertisement






  On October 24 the company was rated “Underperform” according to a Bank of America report which was a cut from the previous “” rating. On February 25 analysts at Citigroup started covering the stock by announcing an initial rating of “Buy”.
 On December 22, 2015 SunTrust Robinson Humphrey added the stock to its research portfolio giving it an initial rating of “Buy” and a price target of $16.00. Cowen & Company initiated coverage with an initial rating of “Outperform”.
 Equity analyst Leerink Swann issued its first research report on the stock setting a rating of “Outperform” and projecting a price target of $24.00.
 The company is so far trading up since yesterday’s close of $5.09. 
 Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc, launched on December 03, 2014, is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on cancer immunotherapy products based on its Specific Peptide Enhanced Affinity Receptor (SPEAR) T-cell platform. The Company has developed a platform that enables it to identify cancer targets, find and genetically engineer TCR, and produce TCR therapeutic candidates for administration to patients. The Company engineers TCRs to increase the affinity to cancer specific peptides in order to destroy cancer cells in patients..
        Advertisement




TweetRevenue Generating Websites


voxeljet AG American Depositary (NYSE:VJET) Sees Light Trading Volume with 1,457 Shares Changing HandsMeridian Bioscience Inc. (NASDAQ:VIVO) Experiences Lighter than Usual Trading VolumeTelefonica Brasil, S.A. ADS (NYSE:VIV) Experiences Lighter than Usual Trading VolumeVirtu Financial, Inc. (NASDAQ:VIRT) Trading Volume Significantly LowerVipshop Holdings Limited Americ (NYSE:VIPS) Experiences Lighter than Usual Trading VolumeVicor Corporation (NASDAQ:VICR) Trading Volume Significantly LowerViavi Solutions Inc. (NASDAQ:VIAV) Sees Light Trading Volume with 514K Shares Changing Hands
Markets

Economy
Peer-to-Peer Loans Growing in Popularity Among ConsumersIncrease in Young American Adults Not Owning Credit Cards For Various Reasons
Credit / Loans
US Bank, Citibank: Today’s  Mortgage Interest Rates Jul 25, 2017US Bankcorp30 year fixed rate loan interest rates at  are being offered for 3.875% today yielding an APR of 3.946%.  Shorter … [Read More...]
Categories 
Breaking
Technology
Auto
Health
Personal Finance
Economy
Mortgage

About Fi Daily 
Home
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Accessibility
Terms of Use

 Reuters: Business News
Activist investor urges sale of Barnes & NobleVW executive charged in U.S. emissions probe to plead guilty: courtHouse panel wants Google, Facebook, AT&T CEOs to testify on internet rulesIsraeli settles Mobileye insider trading case with U.S. regulatorsVolatility plunge sends VIX index to 23-year low







Adaptimmune Therapeutics : From the Desk of James Noble - Congratulations to Novartis on Winning FDA Panel Backing for its CAR T Therapy | 4-Traders















































































 




Log in






E-mail



Password







Remember




Forgot password ?









Become a member for free
Sign up





Sign up




New memberSign up for FREE


New customerDiscover our portfolios












 United States
 United Kingdom
 France
 Deutschland
 Schweiz (DE)
 Suisse (FR)










Settings

            Dynamic quotes 


OFFON








 








Markets
Equities
North AmericaEuropeAsiaOceaniaMiddle East� More Equities

Indexes
DOW JONESS&P 500NASDAQ 100TSX COMPFTSE 100� More Indexes

Currency / Forex
EUR / USDGBP / USDUSD / JPYUSD / CADAUD / USD� More Currencies

Commodities
GOLDCrude Oil (WTI)Crude Oil (BRENT)SILVERPLATINUM� More Commodities


 News
Latest News
CompaniesMarketsEconomyCurrency / ForexCommoditiesInterest RatesBusiness LeadersFinancial calendarEconomic calendar

Listed company
Analyst reco.RumorsIPOsCapital Markets TransactionsNew ContractsProfits warningsAppointmentsPress ReleasesEventsCorporate actions

Sector News
EnergyBasic MaterialsIndustrialsConsumer CyclicalConsumer Non-CyclicalFinancialsHealthcareTechnologyTelecommunications ServicesUtilities


 Analysis
All AnalysisCommentariesIndex AnalysisStock Trading StrategiesCommodity AnalysisForex Analysis

 Stock Picks
All stock picks

 Portfolios
My Portfolio
Virtual portfolios
4-Traders Portfolios
European PortfolioUSA PortfolioAsian Portfolio


 Screeners
Market Screener HomeFundamental Analyse
Top Investor RatingTop Trading RatingTop ConsensusGrowth stocksYield stocksLow valuations

Technical Analysis
Oversold stocksOverbought stocksClose to resistancesClose to supportsAccumulation phaseMost volatile stocks


 Watchlists
My Watchlists
Watchlists
Top Lists
Yield stocksGrowth stocksUndervalued Stocks


 Top / Flop
Top News
Most Read NewsHot News

Top Fundamentals
Top CapitalizationTop YieldTop PERTop ConsensusTop Fundamentals

Top Technicals
Top RSIUnusual volumesTop GapsTop STIM

Top Movers
Top USATop CanadaTop U.K.Top GermanyTop EuropeTop Asia


 Tools
Market ScreenerDynamic chartFinancial calendarEconomic calendarSector researchCurrency converter

 Our Services
Premium AccessDiscover our Services

 



















 







4-Traders Homepage  >  Equities  >  Nasdaq  >  Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC - ADR    ADAP










     ADAPTIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS PLC - ADR (ADAP)     


Add to my list    

Mes derni�res consult.Most popular
Manage my lists

















 







 Delayed  - 07/25 10:00:00 pm

5.58
USD
 
-1.76%










07/24 ADAPTIMMUNE THE : ADAP) Files An 8-K Amendment to Registrant’s..


07/13 ADAPTIMMUNE THE : From the Desk of James Noble - Congratulations to ..


07/03 ADAPTIMMUNE THE : ADAP) Files An 8-K Other Events

 







SummaryQuotesChartsNewsAnalysisCalendarCompanyFinancialsConsensusRevisions News SummaryMost relevantAll newsSector newsTweets


















 




Adaptimmune Therapeutics : From the Desk of James Noble - Congratulations to Novartis on Winning FDA Panel Backing for its CAR T Therapy



































0






07/13/2017 | 08:39pm CEST 


Send by mail :
Last Name :
Name :
From* :
To* :
(You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas)
Message :
*Required fields







        On Tuesday July 12th, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration Oncologic Drugs Advisory Committee (ODAC) unanimously endorsed Novartis's anti-CD19 CAR-T therapy (tisagenlecleucel, 'CTL019'). This was a significant milestone in realizing the promise of engineered T-cell therapy, and it is likely that engineered T-cells targeting CD19 could be the first gene therapy approved for human use in the U.S.
      

        This endorsement represents not only confidence in engineered T-cell therapy as an important new therapeutic modality in oncology, but also - importantly - confidence in the potential to manufacture a T-cell therapy as a commercial product given that Novartis has enabled multi-national pivotal trials with this technology.
      

        At Adaptimmune, we were particularly excited given the importance of the clinical data for the field of T-cell therapy, and the fact that the processes used by Novartis and Adaptimmune were both developed at the University of Pennsylvania (UPenn) and share many common elements including use of a lentiviral vector as well as proprietary use of Thermo Fisher Scientific's CD3/CD28 DynabeadsTM. In addition, many here at Adaptimmune played important roles in the development of tisagenlecleucel including our Chief Technology Officer, Gwendolyn Binder, who was instrumental in opening the original study at UPenn, and our Senior Vice President of Bioprocessing, Mark Dudley, who led the transition of tisagenlecleucel to commercial-readiness at Novartis.
      

        However, Adaptimmune's SPEAR T-cell platform differs from the CAR-T approach by using optimized, affinity enhanced, engineered T-cell receptors (TCRs) to target intra- and extracellular cancer antigens. This potentially enables access to a broad range of difficult to treat malignancies, including solid tumors. As recently presented at ASCO, our initial clinical data in synovial sarcoma with NY-ESO SPEAR T-cells demonstrate the effect of our proprietary SPEAR T‑cell platform in a solid tumor (http://ir.adaptimmune.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=253991&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=2276855). We also have active clinical trials with our wholly-owned assets targeting MAGE-A10, MAGE-A4, and AFP, which are actively enrolling patients in 8 different solid tumor types including non-small cell lung cancer, ovarian cancer, and hepatocellular carcinoma with initial data expected in 2017 and 2018.
      

        Our pipeline of products have the potential to be the next generation of engineered T-cell therapy to treat a wide-range of otherwise untreatable cancers, including solid tumors, and the recent favorable outcome for Novartis is an encouraging milestone in delivering engineered T-cell therapies to patients in need.
      

        -James Noble, Adaptimmune CEO
      



Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc published this content on 13 July 2017 and is solely responsible for the information contained herein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on  13 July 2017 18:39:03 UTC.
          


Original documenthttp://ir.adaptimmune.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=253991&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=2286370
Public permalinkhttp://www.publicnow.com/view/4AA6770F80D99FCB75458C4A3F0B439B7A6D63A6























































0






 






Latest news on ADAPTIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS P




07/25 ADAPTIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS : On 'Jobs That Pay' Tour, Governor Wolf Visits Adaptim..

07/24 ADAPTIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS PLC (NASDAQ : ADAP) Files An 8-K Amendment to Registran..

07/24 ADAPTIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS PLC : Amendment or Waiver to Code of Ethics, Financial ..

07/13 ADAPTIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS : From the Desk of James Noble - Congratulations to Nov..

07/03 ADAPTIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS PLC (NASDAQ : ADAP) Files An 8-K Other Events

07/03 ADAPTIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS PLC : Other Events (form 8-K)

06/21 ADAPTIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS PLC : Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holde..

06/05 ADAPTIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS PLC : Other Events, Financial Statements and Exhibits (..

06/05 Adaptimmune Announces an Oral Presentation on Data from NY-ESO Study in Synov..

05/27 ADAPTIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS : Announces Initiation of Study to Evaluate SPEAR T-Cel..



More news




News from SeekingAlpha




06/07 Adaptimmune Therapeutics (ADAP) Presents At American Society Of Clinical Onco..

05/26 3 THINGS IN BIOTECH YOU SHOULD LEARN : May 26, 2017

05/16 Adaptimmune launches early-stage study of MAGE-A4 T-cell therapy; shares ahea..

05/10 Adaptimmune Therapeutics' (ADAP) CEO James Noble on Q1 2017 Results - Earning..

05/10 Adaptimmune misses by $0.04, misses on revenue


 







 





Financials ($)
 




            Sales             2017            
20,1 M 

            EBIT             2017            
-85,4 M 

            Net income             2017            
-87,2 M 

            Debt 2017            
- 

            Yield             2017            
- 





            P/E ratio 2017            
            -            

            P/E ratio 2018            


            
            Capi. / Sales 2017            
            
26,4x 

            Capi. / Sales 2018
            
20,2x 

            Capitalization            
            
531 M 



More Financials
 



Chart ADAPTIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS P




Duration : 
Auto.
2 months
3 months
6 months
9 months
1 year
2 years
5 years
10 years
Max.



Period : 
Day
Week 





 






Full-screen chart

 

Technical analysis trends ADAPTIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS P
 
Short TermMid-TermLong TermTrendsBullishNeutralNeutral 

Technical analysis


Income Statement Evolution
Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. 
More Financials


Consensus


                        Sell
                   








Buy
                   


 

Mean consensus

    OUTPERFORM    
Number of Analysts

    8    
Average target price

13,1 $ 
Spread / Average Target

131% 


Consensus details
 





EPS Revisions 
Please enable JavaScript in your browser's settings to use dynamic charts. 
More Estimates Revisions


Managers
 





 NameTitleJames Julian Noble
Chief Executive Officer & Executive Director
David M. Mott
Chairman
William C. Bertrand
Chief Operating Officer
Adrian Rawcliffe
Chief Financial Officer
Rafael Amado
Chief Medical Officer
 
More about the company


Sector and Competitors


1st jan.Capitalization (M$)

ADAPTIMMUNE THERAPEUTICS PLC - ADR40.25%531





AMGEN23.84%133 151

CELGENE CORPORATION19.08%107 629

GILEAD SCIENCES3.00%97 208

REGENERON PHARMACEUTICALS40.54%55 401

VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS121.49%41 373


More Results
 




 



























4-traders.com :MarketsNewsAnalysisStock PicksPortfoliosScreenersWatchlistsTop / FlopToolsOur ServicesAbout :Surperformance SASContact usAdvertiseLegal informationsAbout usStay Connected :FacebookTwitterPartners :B�rse: Aktien, Kurse und NachrichtenBest tweets 




   Copyright � 2017 Surperformance. All rights reserved.  









 


  














Slave






  ADAP:NASDAQ GS Stock Quote - Adaptimmune Therapeutics Plc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Adaptimmune Therapeutics Plc   ADAP:US   NASDAQ GS        5.58USD   0.10   1.76%     As of 5:20 PM EDT 7/25/2017     Open   5.73    Day Range   5.53 - 5.80    Volume   115,113    Previous Close   5.68    52Wk Range   3.76 - 8.89    1 Yr Return   -25.40%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   5.73    Day Range   5.53 - 5.80    Volume   115,113    Previous Close   5.68    52Wk Range   3.76 - 8.89    1 Yr Return   -25.40%    YTD Return   37.78%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -0.18    Market Cap (m USD)   521.789    Shares Outstanding  (m)   93.511    Price/Sales (TTM)   167.98    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Health Care   % Price Change -0.67%     Industry Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology & Life Sciences   % Price Change -0.93%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases    10/30/2016   Adaptimmune, Merck to Test Cancer Drug (ADAP, MRK)  - Investopedia    There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/10/2017   Prostate Cancer Pipeline H1 2017 Therapeutic Key Players 3-V Biosciences Inc, 4SC AG, Actinium Pharmaceuticals Inc and Advaxis     6/14/2017   Ovid Therapeutics Appoints Barbara G. Duncan to its Board of Directors     6/14/2017   BioLife Solutions Executes Supply Agreement with Adaptimmune for CryoStor® Use in SPEAR T-Cell Platform     6/12/2017   Ewing Sarcoma Pipeline Analysis by Stage of Development, Drug Target and Molecule Type New Report Available at     6/5/2017   Adaptimmune Announces an Oral Presentation on Data from NY-ESO Study in Synovial Sarcoma and Four Trials in Progress Posters at     5/26/2017   Adaptimmune Announces an Oral Presentation and Four Trials in Progress Posters at the American Society of Clinical Oncology (AS     5/25/2017   Adaptimmune Announces Initiation of Study to Evaluate SPEAR T-Cell Therapy Targeting NY-ESO in Combination with KEYTRUDA® (pem     5/16/2017   Adaptimmune Announces Initiation of Study to Evaluate SPEAR T-Cell Therapy Targeting MAGE-A4 in Multiple Solid Tumors     5/10/2017   Adaptimmune Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results     5/10/2017   Adaptimmune Announces Initiation of Study to Evaluate SPEAR T-Cell Therapy Targeting AFP in Liver Cancer    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company develops novel cancer immunotherapy products based on T-cell receptor platform that helps to identify cancer targets. Adaptimmune Therapeutics serves customers worldwide.    Address  91 Park DriveMilton ParkAbingdon, OX14 4RYUnited Kingdom   Phone  44-1235-430-000   Website   www.adaptimmune.com     Executives Board Members    James J Noble  CEO/Co-Founder    Adrian Rawcliffe  Chief Financial Officer    William C Bertrand  Chief Operating Officer    Gwendolyn Binder Scholl  Chief Technology Officer    Helen Tayton Martin  Chief Business Officer     Show More          





Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc (NASDAQ:ADAP): Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc (ADAP): Product News News | StockNews.com






















































   
        

   
        





Follow Us!
StockTwits
Twitter
























                Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc (ADAP): Product News News              








ADAP – Company has initiated the first site for its MAGE‑A4 SPEAR T-cell study in patients with multiple malignant solid tumors; this study is now open for enrollment.

May 16, 2017 | 8:00am | By StockNews.com Staff 
 












 



Product News 





Key Facts Surrounding This News Item


ADAP had a POWR Rating of F (Strong Sell) coming into today.
ADAP was 0.94% above its 10-Day Moving Average coming into today.
ADAP was -3.00% below its 20-Day Moving Average coming into today.
ADAP was 0.21% above its 50-Day Moving Average coming into today.
ADAP was 9.78% above its 100-Day Moving Average coming into today.
ADAP was -4.11% below its 200-Day Moving Average coming into today.
ADAP had returned +26.67% year-to-date leading up to today’s news, versus a +7.97% return from the benchmark S&P 500 during the same period.

More Info About Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc (ADAP)

Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on novel cancer immunotherapy products based on its T-cell receptor platform. The company was founded in 2014 and is based in Abingdon, the United Kingdom. View our full ADAP ticker page with ratings, news, and more.
 






 


ADAP at a Glance




                  ADAP Current POWR Rating™
                   








                      Overall POWR Rating™
                    







ADAP Current Price

                        $5.58 
                        1.76%                      



More ADAP Ratings, Data, and News







 


ADAP Price Reaction




The day of this event (May. 16, 2017)ADAP Closing Price$5.54 7.99%ADAP Volume397,800126.83% from avgLeading up to this eventADAP 1-mo returnN/A%After this eventADAP 1-day return6.90%ADAP 3-day return4.82%ADAP 5-day return3.93% 



ADAP Price Chart






























 



            More Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc (ADAP) News 
            View All





Event/Date
Symbol
News Detail
Start Price
End Price
Change
POWR Rating



Loading, please wait...



View All ADAP News









Page generated in 0.7913 seconds.        















Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc - IPO Candy





































 Skip to primary navigation Skip to content 



BecomeaMember





 


IPO CandyEveryone's favorite site for IPO insights and analysis.Main navigationHome » Adaptimmune Therapeutics plcAdaptimmune Therapeutics plc
01/20/2016 by   Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, focuses on the provision of cancer immunotherapy products based on its T-cell receptor platform. Its platform enables to identify cancer targets in the form of peptides, which are short sequences of amino acids; find and genetically engineer T-cell receptors (TCR); and produce TCR therapeutic candidates for administration to patients. The company’s lead product candidate includes NY-ESO, a cancer antigen, which is in Phase I/II clinical trials for the treatment of patients with solid tumors and hematological malignancies, including synovial sarcoma, multiple myeloma, melanoma, ovarian cancer, and esophageal cancer, as well as for non-small cell lung cancer. It is also developing MAGE A-10 TCR that is in preclinical stage for the treatment of breast and lung cancer, and other solid tumors, as well as a TCR therapeutic candidate directed to Alpha Fetoprotein. Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc has collaboration agreement with Universal Cells Inc. for the development of allogeneic T-cell therapies. The company was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in Abingdon, the United Kingdom.
 


Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc


Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, focuses on the provision of cancer immunotherapy products based on its T-cell receptor platform. Its platform enables to identify cancer targets in the form of peptides, which are short sequences of amino acids; find and genetically engineer T-cell receptors (TCR); and produce TCR therapeutic candidates for administration to patients. The company’s lead product candidate includes NY-ESO, a cancer antigen, which is in Phase I/II clinical trials for the treatment of patients with solid tumors and hematological malignancies, including synovial sarcoma, multiple myeloma, melanoma, ovarian cancer, and esophageal cancer, as well as for non-small cell lung cancer. It is also developing MAGE A-10 TCR that is in preclinical stage for the treatment of breast and lung cancer, and other solid tumors, as well as a TCR therapeutic candidate directed to Alpha Fetoprotein. Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc has collaboration agreement with Universal Cells Inc. for the development of allogeneic T-cell therapies. The company was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in Abingdon, the United Kingdom.

Twitter
Facebook
Google+
LinkedIn




Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc<p>Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, focuses on the provision of cancer immunotherapy products based on its T-cell receptor platform. Its platform enables to identify cancer targets in the form of peptides, which are short sequences of amino acids; find and genetically engineer T-cell receptors (TCR); and produce TCR therapeutic candidates for administration to patients. The company’s lead product candidate includes NY-ESO, a cancer antigen, which is in Phase I/II clinical trials for the treatment of patients with solid tumors and hematological malignancies, including synovial sarcoma, multiple myeloma, melanoma, ovarian cancer, and esophageal cancer, as well as for non-small cell lung cancer. It is also developing MAGE A-10 TCR that is in preclinical stage for the treatment of breast and lung cancer, and other solid tumors, as well as a TCR therapeutic candidate directed to Alpha Fetoprotein. Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc has collaboration agreement with Universal Cells Inc. for the development of allogeneic T-cell therapies. The company was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in Abingdon, the United Kingdom.</p>
United KingdomPhone: 44 12 3543 0000




ADAP


                drugs that target T-cell receptors
            

Documents
Roadshow



Main CategoryHealthcare
CategoriesDrugs


Contact


        http://www.adaptimmune.com
    
44 12 3543 0000
    








Address91 Park Drive, Milton Park, Abingdon, Oxfordshire, OX14 4RY, United Kingdom
            





 









We love IPOs
The IPO market provides a magical window into the most exciting technologies, emerging consumer trends and important business developments - all testing their mettle in the crucible of the public markets. We are constantly learning and researching to deliver the best insights available.










We are independent
We have no vested interests driving our work. All the investment banks and brokers on a deal are paid to do a sales and marketing job. Our job is to remain objective and use a fact-based approach to evaluate the potential for an IPO.










We get the best ratings
IPO Candy has been recognized since 2009 as the single best place to get commentary, analysis and assets in the IPO market. The most common write-in comment we get from users is that they "love what we do."










We share everything we know
With three decades of research under our belt we want to share what we have learned and the best practices we have discovered. Our IPO University contains texts, videos and resources to share our process and help everyone develop their skills.






Become an IPOCandy Member
Enjoy the benefits of full access to our content including access to IPO roadshow slideshows and transcripts included in our posts. Members also get additional insights via email, receive our monthly Candygram and have access to our IPO calendar.
Become a Member






























ADAP: Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC - Full Company Report - Zacks.com














































 
Join

Sign In




Member Sign In


 Keep Me Signed In 
What does "Remember Me" do?
Forgot Password


Create a New Account







 















 


You are being directed to ZacksTrade, a division of LBMZ Securities and licensed broker-dealer. ZacksTrade and Zacks.com are separate companies. The web link between the two companies is not a solicitation or offer to invest in a particular security or type of security. ZacksTrade does not endorse or adopt any particular investment strategy, any analyst opinion/rating/report or any approach to evaluating indiv idual securities.
If you wish to go to ZacksTrade, click OK. If you do not, click Cancel.
OK Cancel








Back to top








more

























 Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC (ADAP)
(Delayed Data from NSDQ)



$5.58 USD
5.58
115,113


                -0.10                (-1.76%)
              

Updated Jul 25, 2017 03:59 PM ET

After-Market: 
                $5.57

                -0.01 (-0.18%) 
                5:57 AM ET





Add to portfolio
 





Zacks Rank:



                                                 3-Hold     3     




Style Scores:



F Value | F Growth | B Momentum | F VGM                


The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.


Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores





Industry Rank:



 Top 47%(125 out of 265) 
Industry: Medical - Biomedical and Genetics




View All Zacks #1 Ranked Stocks




Trades from
$1

 



This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%


 Zacks Rank Education - Learn about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports



The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
        Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank
        






Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC (ADAP) Quote Overview »
                More Research »
                Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC (ADAP)  Full Company Report 










Company Summary














Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on cancer immunotherapy products based on T-cell receptor platform. Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc is based in Abingdon, United Kingdom.   




General Information
Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC
101 PARK DRIVE  MILTON PARK 
ABINGDON, X0 OX14 4RY 
Phone: 44-12-3543-0000 
Fax: 44-12-3543-0001 
Web: http://www.adaptimmune.com 
Email: ir@adaptimmune.com



Industry
Medical - Biomedical and Genetics


Sector
Medical


Fiscal Year End
December


Last Reported Quarter
6/30/2017


Next EPS Date
NA







EPS Information



Current Quarter EPS Consensus Estimate
-0.24


Current Year EPS Consensus Estimate
-0.99


Estimated Long-Term EPS Growth Rate
NA


Next EPS Report Date
NA











Research for ADAP



 

The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reportsSee more Zacks Equity Research reports

Chart for ADAP



Interactive Chart | Fundamental Charts







 
Consensus Recommendations



Current (1=Strong Buy, 5=Strong Sell)
2.00


30 Days Ago
2.00


60 Days Ago
2.00


90 Days Ago
2.00



 







Price and Volume Information




Zacks Rank



Yesterday's Close
5.68


52 Week High
8.89


52 Week Low
3.76


Beta
1.26


20 Day Moving Average
199,469.34


Target Price Consensus
10.40



  



% Price Change


4 Week
17.84


12 Week
5.97


YTD
40.74




% Price Change Relative to S&P 500


4 Week
16.37


12 Week
2.47


YTD
27.44






Share Information


Shares Outstanding (millions)
70.80


Market Capitalization (millions)
402.12


Short Ratio
NA


Last Split Date
NA




Dividend Information


Dividend Yield
0.00%


Annual Dividend
$0.00


Payout Ratio
NA


Change in Payout Ratio
NA


Last Dividend Payout / Amount
NA /  $0.00






Fundamental Ratios


P/E


P/E (F1)
NA


Trailing 12 Months
NA


PEG Ratio
NA




EPS Growth


vs. Previous Year
-650.00%


vs. Previous Quarter
-36.36%


 
 




Sales Growth


vs. Previous Year
-2.09%


vs. Previous Quarter
-66.53%


 
 






Price Ratios


Price/Book
1.93


Price/Cash Flow
NA


Price / Sales
28.44




ROE


6/30/17
NA


3/31/17
-41.40


12/31/16
-37.57




ROA


6/30/17
NA


3/31/17
-32.32


12/31/16
-29.88






Current Ratio


6/30/17
NA


3/31/17
6.99


12/31/16
4.94




Quick Ratio


6/30/17
NA


3/31/17
6.99


12/31/16
4.94




Operating Margin


6/30/17
NA


3/31/17
-550.22


12/31/16
-504.15






Net Margin


6/30/17
NA


3/31/17
-550.22


12/31/16
-504.15




Pre-Tax Margin


6/30/17
NA


3/31/17
-542.69


12/31/16
-498.10




Book Value


6/30/17
NA


3/31/17
2.94


12/31/16
2.35






Inventory Turnover


6/30/17
NA


3/31/17
NA


12/31/16
NA




Debt-to-Equity


6/30/17
NA


3/31/17
0.00


12/31/16
0.00




Debt to Capital


6/30/17
NA


3/31/17
0.00


12/31/16
0.00

















 


























Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC - NASDAQ:ADAP - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC (ADAP)
Follow




                                    5.58
                                

0.10
1.76




                        NASDAQ : Health Care
                    

Jul 25, 2017 4:00 PM EDT












Prev Close
  5.68


Open
5.73


Day Low/High

                                    5.53 /
                                    5.80


52 Wk Low/High

                                    6.19 /
                                    17.83
                                


Volume
115.11K


Avg Volume 
220.10K











Exchange
NASDAQ


Shares Outstanding
93.51M


Market Cap
533.01M


EPS
-1.00


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            N/A
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            N.A. (N.A)
                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News




Adaptimmune Therapeutics Becomes Oversold (ADAP)






Adaptimmune Announces An Oral Presentation On Data From NY-ESO Study In Synovial Sarcoma And Four Trials In Progress Posters At The American Society Of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting

















5 Stocks Setting Up for Big Breakouts
Here's how to potentially rake in some fat profits off a number of hot breakout setups.

May 26, 2017 12:46 PM EDT









Adaptimmune Announces An Oral Presentation And Four Trials In Progress Posters At The American Society Of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) Annual Meeting


May 26, 2017 8:00 AM EDT









Adaptimmune Announces Initiation Of Study To Evaluate SPEAR T-Cell Therapy Targeting NY-ESO In Combination With KEYTRUDA® (pembrolizumab) In Multiple Myeloma


May 25, 2017 8:00 AM EDT









Adaptimmune Announces Initiation Of Study To Evaluate SPEAR T-Cell Therapy Targeting MAGE-A4 In Multiple Solid Tumors


May 16, 2017 7:59 AM EDT









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,200 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  ADGE, ANTX, HY, RTRX, VNDA
    
Downgrades:  CELP, FORD, GRC, HMSY, LNCE, MET, NCI, OUT, PLPC, UBA
    
Initiations:  ADAP, DGLT
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

May 15, 2017 11:00 AM EDT









Adaptimmune Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results


May 10, 2017 7:30 AM EDT









Adaptimmune Announces Initiation Of Study To Evaluate SPEAR T-Cell Therapy Targeting AFP In Liver Cancer


May 10, 2017 7:30 AM EDT









Adaptimmune To Report First Quarter 2017 Financial Results On May 10, 2017


May 3, 2017 4:01 PM EDT









Adaptimmune To Present At Upcoming Deutsche Bank 42nd Annual Health Care Conference


May 2, 2017 11:00 AM EDT









Adaptimmune Therapeutics Plc Announces Closing Of $42 Million Registered Direct Offering


Apr 10, 2017 1:32 PM EDT









Adaptimmune Therapeutics Plc Announces Registered Direct Offering Of American Depositary Shares


Apr 5, 2017 8:33 AM EDT









Adaptimmune To Participate In Upcoming Jefferies Immuno-Oncology Summit


Mar 27, 2017 4:34 PM EDT









Adaptimmune Therapeutics Plc Announces Closing Of Public Offering And Exercise Of Underwriters' Option To Purchase Additional American Depositary Shares


Mar 27, 2017 11:26 AM EDT









Adaptimmune Therapeutics Plc Prices Public Offering Of American Depositary Shares


Mar 22, 2017 9:51 AM EDT









Adaptimmune Therapeutics Plc Proposes Public Offering Of American Depositary Shares


Mar 21, 2017 4:55 PM EDT









Adaptimmune Broadens Executive Team


Mar 15, 2017 7:30 AM EDT









Adaptimmune Reports Fourth Quarter And Full Year 2016 Financial Results


Mar 13, 2017 7:30 AM EDT









Adaptimmune To Report Fourth Quarter And Full Year 2016 Financial Results On March 13, 2017


Mar 8, 2017 8:00 AM EST









Adaptimmune To Present At The Cowen And Company 37th Annual Health Care Conference


Mar 2, 2017 8:00 AM EST









Adaptimmune Cuts Ribbon On U.S. Headquarters At The Navy Yard In Philadelphia
Company Officially Opens Doors to New Base for Clinical and Manufacturing Operations

Mar 1, 2017 8:30 AM EST









Adaptimmune To Participate In Upcoming Investor Conference


Feb 9, 2017 2:00 PM EST













Adaptimmune Announces New Senior Vice President Of Global Bio-Process And Development


Jan 9, 2017 8:01 AM EST













Adaptimmune Confirms GSK Nomination Of Second Adaptimmune Target Under Strategic Multi-Target Collaboration


Jan 9, 2017 8:01 AM EST













Adaptimmune Announces FDA Acceptance Of IND Application For Affinity Enhanced T-Cell Therapy Targeting MAGE-A4 In Multiple Solid Tumors


Jan 9, 2017 8:00 AM EST













These 5 Stocks Under $10 Could Make You a Lot of Money
Here's a technical look at how to trade several under-$10 stocks triggering breakout trades.

Jan 5, 2017 1:37 PM EST













Adaptimmune And Bellicum Pharmaceuticals Enter A Strategic Collaboration To Evaluate Next-Generation T-Cell Therapies


Dec 19, 2016 7:30 AM EST













Adaptimmune Announces Initiation Of Myxoid/Round Cell Liposarcoma Study


Dec 5, 2016 7:30 AM EST













Adaptimmune Announces Update On Clinical Data From NY-ESO SPEAR™ T-cell Synovial Sarcoma Study At The 2016 Annual Meeting Of The Connective Tissue Oncology Society (CTOS)


Nov 11, 2016 11:18 AM EST



















Next






Load More









Quant Rating on 4:00 PM EDT 7/25/2017


D
(Sell)






Get the (ADAP) Report Here 







From Our Partners



Adaptimmune Therapeutics (ADAP) Presents At American Society Of Clinical Oncology 2017 Annual Meeting - Slideshow

SeekingAlpha



3 Things In Biotech You Should Learn Today: May 26, 2017

SeekingAlpha



Adaptimmune launches early-stage study of MAGE-A4 T-cell therapy; shares ahead 10%

SeekingAlpha



Adaptimmune misses by $0.04, misses on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Humana (HUM) Likely to Beat Q1 Earnings: Stock to Gain?

Zacks



Adaptimmune closes $42M direct capital raise

SeekingAlpha



Adaptimmune Therapeutics (ADAP) Investor Presentation - Slideshow

SeekingAlpha



InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 3/28/17: ADAP, NGHC, KTEC, JFC

SeekingAlpha



Is Now Too Soon To Buy Adaptimmune?

SeekingAlpha



Adaptimmune prices equity offering at $4.20; shares off 5%

SeekingAlpha



Adaptimmune readies equity offering; shares ease 3% premarket

SeekingAlpha



Adaptimmune initiated with a Market Perform at Wells Fargo

The Fly



Biotech Forum Daily Digest: Opko Health Gets A Big 'Shout Out', Spotlight On Adaptimmune

SeekingAlpha



Adaptimmune top-line up 112%; pipeline advancing; shares ahead 15%

SeekingAlpha



Midday Gainers / Losers

SeekingAlpha



























TheStreet
Quant Rating:

D (Sell)



Get the (ADAP) Report Here 













 











Trending


Ford's Mustang Is America's Most Popular Classic Car


AMD's Blowout Second Quarter Got a Boost From the Cryptocurrency Mining Craze


We Found 9 Products on Amazon With Inflated Discount Rates


Facebook's Q2 Results Should Make Snap CEO Evan Spiegel Wish He Had Accepted a $3B Buyout Offer


Advanced Micro Devices Could Explode Another 17% Within Hours: Chart











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 
















ADAP | Adaptimmune Therapeutics Plc Stock - Investing.com


















































 













































x




Breaking News












How would you best describe yourself?
Individual Investor Institutional Investor Financial Advisor Active Trader 


Thank you!











 
 
















 Search website for: 





Popular Searches












Trending Stocks 
Stock Screener 






Sign in/Sign up 

0

Recent Alerts


Sign up to create alerts for Instruments, 
Economic Events and content by followed authors
Sign up Already have an account? Sign in

 







English (UK)TürkçeEnglish (India)‏العربية‏English (Canada)ΕλληνικάEnglish (Australia)SvenskaEnglish (South Africa)SuomiDeutschעבריתEspañol (España)日本語Español (México)한국어Français中文Italiano香港NederlandsBahasa IndonesiaPortuguês (Portugal)Bahasa MelayuPolskiไทยPortuguês (Brasil)Tiếng ViệtРусский 





 



 


 




















Adaptimmune Therapeutics Plc (ADAP)	


 
NASDAQ








Create Alert 

Create Alert



New!
Create Alert


Website

As an alert notification
To use this feature, make sure you are signed-in to your account



Mobile App





To use this feature, make sure you are signed-in to your account
Make sure you are signed-in with the same user profile





Condition


Price
Change
Volume
Earnings





Moves above
Moves below


Frequency
Once                


Gains / Loses
Gains
Loses

%
					Frequency
Recurring
Once



Volume exceeds


Frequency
Recurring
Once


Follow Adaptimmune Therapeutics's earnings
For all future releases
Just for the upcoming release
Send me a reminder 1 trading day before






Delivery Method
 Website popup
 Mobile App notifications
 Email Notifications


Status









Create Manage my alerts 



Back 

 



 

Add to/Remove from a Portfolio
My Portfolio









Add to Watchlist				

Add Position				




Position added successfully to:					










Please name your holdings portfolio




Type:

BUY
SELL



Date:










 



Amount:



Price



Point Value:






Leverage:

1:1
1:10
1:25
1:50
1:100
1:200
1:400
1:500
1:1000



Commission:









 

Create a new watchlist
Create 


Create a new holdings portfolio
Add
Create 

+ Add another position
Close 














5.58
-0.10
  
-1.76%



25/07 - Closed. Currency in USD ( Disclaimer )


 

Type:
Equity


Market:
United States


ISIN:
US00653A1079 


CUSIP:
00653A107

 



Volume: 115,113
Bid/Ask: 4.25 / 7.50
Day's Range: 5.53 - 5.80

 
START TRADING NOW 





Adaptimmune Therapeutics
5.58
-0.10
-1.76%




START TRADING NOW



 

                General                 
 


Chart
 
 


Streaming Chart
Interactive Chart




News & Analysis
 
 


News
Analysis & Opinion




Financials
 
 


Financial Summary
Income Statement
Balance Sheet
Cash Flow
Ratios
Dividends
Earnings




Technical
 
 


Technical Analysis
Candlestick Patterns
Consensus Estimates




Forum
 
 


Discussions
Recent Sentiments
User Rankings






Overview


Profile


Historical Data


Options


Index Component




ADAP Overview

 
			

Information about the Adaptimmune Therapeutics Plc Stock. You can find more details by going to one of the sections under this page such as historical data, charts, technical analysis and others.









 




 
      Candlestick Chart
 Area Chart


1
5
15
30
1H
5H
1D
1W
1M


 
      Show/Hide News

Technical Chart 



Loading


        Last Update: 


1 Day
1 Week
1 Month
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
5 years
Max







Prev. Close5.68Day's Range5.53 - 5.8Revenue14.15MOpen5.7352 wk Range3.76 - 8.89EPS - 1.1Volume115,113Market Cap531.06MDividend (Yield)0 (N/A)Average Vol. (3m)218,764P/E RatioN/ABetaN/A1-Year Change - 25.07%Shares Outstanding560,976,430Next Earnings DateN/A



Technical Summary




Type
5 mins
15 mins
Hourly
Daily
Monthly




Moving Averages
Strong Sell
Strong Sell
Sell
Buy
Buy


Technical Indicators
Strong Sell
Sell
Strong Sell
Strong Buy
Strong Sell


Summary
Strong Sell
Strong Sell
Strong Sell
Strong Buy
Neutral




Candlestick Patterns



 
Filter Table By:



Candle Sticks Characteristics:

                Time Frame                
ALL
15
30
1H
5H
1D
1W
1M



                Type                
ALL
Bullish
Bearish



                Pattern Indication                
ALL
Reversal
Continuation



                Reliability                
High / Mid / Low
High / Mid
High Only





Apply Restore Default Settings





Pattern
Timeframe
Reliability
Candles Ago
Candle Time




Emerging Patterns



Belt Hold Bearish
30

Current



Engulfing Bearish
1W

Current


Completed Patterns



Bullish doji Star
1D

1
Jul 24, 2017



Engulfing Bearish
1D

2
Jul 21, 2017



Bullish doji Star
5H

3
Jul 24, 2017 07:00AM






Adaptimmune Therapeutics Plc News & Analysis

News




Will Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC – ADR (NASDAQ:ADAP)’s Stock Break Its 52 Week Range Of $3.76 – 8.89
By Vanguardtribune - Jul 16, 2017





Will Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC – ADR (NASDAQ:ADAP)’s Stock Break Its 52 Week Range Of $3.76 – 9.20
By Vanguardtribune - Jul 15, 2017





Will Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC – ADR (NASDAQ:ADAP)’s Stock Break Its 52 Week Range Of $3.76 – 9.09
By Vanguardtribune - Jul 14, 2017




Analysis




Humana (HUM) Likely To Beat Q1 Earnings: Stock To Gain?
By Zacks Investment Research - Apr 30, 2017 



ADAP: A Biotech Stock Using T-Cell Immunotherapy To Treat Cancer
By Zacks Investment Research - Aug 01, 2016 



Exelixis (EXEL) Worth A Look: Stock Up 8.1% In Session
By Zacks Investment Research - May 16, 2016 






Find A Broker



























 Trending Stocks




Create Alert
Add to Portfolio

 

Add to/Remove from a Portfolio
 









Add to Watchlist				

Add Position				




Position added successfully to:					










Please name your holdings portfolio




Type:

BUY
SELL



Date:










 



Amount:



Price



Point Value:






Leverage:

1:1
1:10
1:25
1:50
1:100
1:200
1:400
1:500
1:1000



Commission:









 

Create a new watchlist
Create 


Create a new holdings portfolio
Add
Create 

+ Add another position
Close 



 Create Alert



New!
Create Alert


Website

As an alert notification
To use this feature, make sure you are signed-in to your account



Mobile App





To use this feature, make sure you are signed-in to your account
Make sure you are signed-in with the same user profile






Condition


Price
Change
Volume
Earnings





Moves above
Moves below


Frequency
Once                


Gains / Loses
Gains
Loses

%
					Frequency
Recurring
Once



Volume exceeds


Frequency
Recurring
Once



For all future releases
Just for the upcoming release
Send me a reminder 1 trading day before






Delivery Method
 Website popup
 Mobile App notifications
 Email Notifications


Status









_fpb_save Manage my alerts 



Back 






 
 Name 
 Last 
 High 
 Low 
 Chg. 
 Chg. %
 Vol.
 Time





 
AMD
14.110
14.320
13.870
-0.050
-0.35%
95.97M
25/07
 


 
Chipotle Mexican Grill
348.62
350.89
339.00
+8.64
+2.54%
3.49M
25/07
 


 
Facebook
165.28
165.54
163.86
-0.72
-0.43%
15.34M
25/07
 


 
Apple
152.74
153.84
151.80
+0.65
+0.43%
18.83M
25/07
 


 
United States Steel
24.44
25.09
24.18
+0.64
+2.69%
24.32M
25/07
 


 
NVIDIA
165.35
165.93
163.58
-0.80
-0.48%
12.35M
25/07
 


 
Tesla
339.60
345.60
334.15
-2.92
-0.85%
6.98M
25/07
 


 
AT&T
36.22
36.50
36.13
-0.01
-0.03%
29.42M
25/07
 


 
Amazon.com
1,039.87
1,043.33
1,032.48
+0.92
+0.09%
2.45M
25/07
 


 
Micron
29.90
30.83
29.65
-1.77
-5.59%
51.15M
25/07
 





Adaptimmune Therapeutics Plc Company Profile

IndustryBiotechnology & Drugs
SectorHealthcare
Employees298
Equity TypeADR


Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on cancer immunotherapy products based on its Specific Peptide Enhanced Affinity Receptor (SPEAR) T-cell platform. The Company has developed a platform that enables it to identify cancer targets, find and genetically engineer TCR, and produce TCR therapeutic candidates for administration to patients. The Company engineers TCRs to increase the affinity to cancer specific peptides in order to destroy cancer cells in patients. The Company is developing multiple SPEAR T-cells to different target peptides in selected disease indications to increase the probability of treating patients with a given disease indication and potentially the ability for re-treatment of patients with a different SPEAR T-cell. It has three SPEAR T-cells in clinical trials, which are directed to cancer testis antigens, NY-ESO-1, MAGE-A4 and MAGE-A10.
Read More


Start Trading With Top Industry Brokers



Brokers
Regulation
Minimum Deposit






U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (United States)
$250

Start Trading 



U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (United States), Securities and Exchange Commission (United States)


Start Trading 





My Sentiments



Add your sentiment:


or





 



Members' Sentiments:


Bullish
50%
Bearish
50%








Add a Comment

Comment Guidelines
 

        Comment Guidelines        


We encourage you to use comments to engage with users, share your perspective and ask questions of authors and each other. However, in order to maintain the high level of discourse we’ve all come to value and expect, please keep the following criteria in mind: 

Enrich the conversation
Stay focused and on track. Only post material that’s relevant to the topic being discussed.
Be respectful. Even negative opinions can be framed positively and diplomatically.
 Use standard writing style. Include punctuation and upper and lower cases.
NOTE: Spam and/or promotional messages and links within a comment will be removed
Avoid profanity, slander or personal attacks directed at an author or another user.
Don’t Monopolize the Conversation. We appreciate passion and conviction, but we also believe strongly in giving everyone a chance to air their thoughts. Therefore, in addition to civil interaction, we expect commenters to offer their opinions succinctly and thoughtfully, but not so repeatedly that others are annoyed or offended. If we receive complaints about individuals who take over a thread or forum, we reserve the right to ban them from the site, without recourse.
Only English comments will be allowed.

Perpetrators of spam or abuse will be deleted from the site and prohibited from future registration at Investing.com’s discretion. 
I have read Investing.com's comments guidelines and agree to the terms described.

I Agree 













 
Are you sure you want to delete this chart?


Delete Cancel


 










 
Replace the attached chart with a new chart ?


Replace Cancel


Post 
Post also to:


1000






Please wait a minute before you try to comment again.

 



Thanks for your comment. Please note that all comments are pending until approved by our moderators. It may therefore take some time before it appears on our website.




			
				
    
        
                                    {username}
                                Just Now
                
	
	
		
			Share
		

				
		
			
			Save		
	
	
		

	Saved. See Saved Items.
	


	This comment has already been saved in your Saved Items
	

	




		
			
				Report			
		
		
			Share this comment to:
		
	
                 Author's response                 
                                            
                            
                            
                        
                        
                            
                            
                            
                        
                                        {commentContent}
                    
                                            
                            Reply
							
	
	
	0
	
	
	0



                        
                                    
            
        
        			
			
				
    
        
                            {username}
                        Just Now
			 Author's response 			
	
	
		
			Share
		

				
		
			
			Save		
	
	
		

	Saved. See Saved Items.
	


	This comment has already been saved in your Saved Items
	

	




		
			
				Report			
		
		
			Share this comment to:
		
	
            
                                    
                        
                        
                    
                    
                    
                    
                    
                
                                {commentContent}
                
                                    
                        Reply
						
	
	
	0
	
	
	0



                    
                
            
        
    
			
			
				
					Show more comments ()
				
			
			
				
					Show more replies ()
				
			
		










 
Are you sure you want to delete this chart?


Delete Cancel


 










 
Replace the attached chart with a new chart ?


Replace Cancel


Post
1000






Please wait a minute before you try to comment again.

 

 


 
     



Report this comment

I feel that this comment is:
Spam
Offensive
Irrelevant


Submit 



Comment flagged



Thank You!
            Your report has been sent to our moderators for review        


Close 



Add Chart to Comment







Cancel
Attach 

Disclaimer: Fusion Media would like to remind you that the data  contained in this website is not necessarily real-time nor accurate.  All CFDs (stocks, indexes, futures) and Forex prices are not provided by exchanges but rather by market makers, and so prices may not be accurate and may differ from the actual market price, meaning prices are indicative and not appropriate for trading purposes.  Therefore Fusion Media doesn`t bear any responsibility for any trading losses you might incur as a result of using this data.
Fusion Media or anyone involved with Fusion Media will not accept any liability for loss or damage as a result of reliance on  the information including data, quotes, charts and buy/sell signals contained within this website. Please be fully informed regarding the risks and costs associated with trading the financial markets, it is one of the riskiest investment forms possible.  
 
 

 


Indices
Commodities
Forex
Bonds

More Categories

Tabs SelectionIndicesCommoditiesForexBondsStocksETFs%COUNT%/4 selected Apply1D1W1M6M1Y5YMax S&P 500 Futures2,475.50+1.50+0.06%  Nasdaq Futures5,934.75+1.00+0.02%  Dow 3021,613.43+100.26+0.47%  S&P 500 VIX9.430.000.00%  DAX12,264.31+55.36+0.45%  Nikkei 22520,108.50+153.30+0.77%  US Dollar Index93.98+0.06+0.06%  Euro Index93.15-0.03-0.04%  Gold1,246.94-5.16-0.41%  Silver16.391-0.151-0.91%  Copper2.845-0.001-0.04%  Crude Oil WTI48.35+0.46+0.96%  Brent Oil50.56-0.27-0.53%  Natural Gas2.934+0.005+0.17%  US Cotton #268.84+0.55+0.81%  US Coffee C130.72-1.98-1.49%  EUR/USD1.1639-0.0007-0.06%  GBP/USD1.3026-0.0001-0.01%  USD/JPY112.00+0.11+0.10%  USD/CAD1.2512+0.0003+0.02%  AUD/USD0.7934-0.0002-0.03%  USD/CNH6.7577-0.0009-0.01%  ETH/USD206.46-19.98-8.82%  BTC/USD2,581.9-192.6-6.94%  US 10Y Yield2.337+0.011+0.48%  US 30Y Yield2.921+0.011+0.38%  US 2Y Yield1.399+0.009+0.64%  US 5Y Yield1.892+0.007+0.35%  US 10Y T-Note125.51+0.01+0.01%  US 30Y T-Bond152.45-0.07-0.05%  Euro Bund161.61-0.83-0.51%  UK Gilt125.70-0.72-0.57%  Start Trading Today 
  


ForexCommoditiesIndicesStocks 




 Tabs Selection 

ForexCommoditiesIndicesStocksBondsETFs 
 %COUNT%/4 selected Apply


Timeframe                    
1 min.
5 mins
15 mins
30 mins
Hourly
5 Hours
Daily
Weekly










EUR/USD
1.1639

-0.0007 -0.06%



Summary
Sell



Moving Averages:
Buy 2
Sell 10



Indicators:
Buy 4
Sell 5

 



EUR/USD
1.1639

-0.0007 -0.06%



Summary
Sell



Moving Averages:
Buy 2
Sell 10



Indicators:
Buy 4
Sell 5



GBP/USD
1.3026

-0.0001 -0.01%



Summary
Strong Sell



Moving Averages:
Buy 0
Sell 12



Indicators:
Buy 3
Sell 5



USD/JPY
112.00

+0.11 +0.10%



Summary
Sell



Moving Averages:
Buy 6
Sell 6



Indicators:
Buy 1
Sell 7



AUD/USD
0.7934

-0.0002 -0.03%



Summary
Neutral



Moving Averages:
Buy 4
Sell 8



Indicators:
Buy 8
Sell 0



USD/CAD
1.2512

+0.0003 +0.02%



Summary
Strong Buy



Moving Averages:
Buy 8
Sell 4



Indicators:
Buy 8
Sell 1



EUR/JPY
130.36

+0.05 +0.04%



Summary
Strong Sell



Moving Averages:
Buy 4
Sell 8



Indicators:
Buy 0
Sell 9



EUR/CHF
1.1092

-0.0002 -0.02%



Summary
Strong Sell



Moving Averages:
Buy 1
Sell 11



Indicators:
Buy 1
Sell 4



Gold Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Silver Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Copper Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Crude Oil WTI Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Brent Oil Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Natural Gas Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



US Coffee C Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Dow Jones Industrial Averag..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Nasdaq 100


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



S&P 500


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



DAX


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



FTSE 100


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



CAC 40


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Nikkei 225


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Apple Inc


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Alphabet Inc Class A


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Bank of America Corp


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



JPMorgan Chase & Co


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Exxon Mobil Corporation


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



BP PLC


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Deutsche Bank AG NA O.N.


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 2-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 5-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 10-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



U.S. 30-Year


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Euro Bund Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



US 10 Year T-Note Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



Japan Government Bond Futur..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



UK Gilt Futures


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



SPDR Dow Jones Industrial A..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



iShares Russell 1000 Growth


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



iShares Russell 2000


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



PowerShares QQQ Trust Serie..


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



SPDR S&P 500


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



ProShares UltraShort S&P500


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 



ProShares UltraShort QQQ


 %



Summary




Moving Averages:
Buy 
Sell 



Indicators:
Buy 
Sell 




 
 
EUR/USD
1.1639
Sell
 


 
 
GBP/USD
1.3026
Strong Sell
 


 
 
USD/JPY
112.00
Sell
 


 
 
AUD/USD
0.7934
Neutral
 


 
 
USD/CAD
1.2512
Strong Buy
 


 
 
EUR/JPY
130.36
Strong Sell
 


 
 
EUR/CHF
1.1092
Strong Sell
 






 
 
Gold


 


 
 
Silver


 


 
 
Copper


 


 
 
Crude Oil WTI


 


 
 
Brent Oil


 


 
 
Natural Gas


 


 
 
US Coffee C


 






 
 
Dow 30


 


 
 
Nasdaq 100


 


 
 
S&P 500


 


 
 
DAX


 


 
 
FTSE 100


 


 
 
CAC 40


 


 
 
Nikkei 225


 






 
 
Apple


 


 
 
Alphabet A


 


 
 
Bank of America


 


 
 
JPMorgan


 


 
 
Exxon Mobil


 


 
 
BP


 


 
 
Deutsche Bank AG


 



 

Start Trading Today 
Recent Quotes NamePriceChg.Chg. %  ADAP5.58-0.10-1.76% 


Add to Watchlist
Add to Watchlist


Add to Watchlist (Max 50)

Select where to add the results:





			Added successfully		


Create Portfolio
Apply 



Create 



Close 

 



 

Market Movers


Most Active
Gainers %
Losers %







 
Name
Last
Chg. %
Vol.

 




 
BAC
24.48
+2.38%
86.08M

 


 
AAPL
152.74
+0.43%
18.83M

 


 
FB
165.28
-0.43%
15.34M

 


 
TSLA
339.60
-0.85%
6.98M

 


 
GOOGL
969.03
-2.93%
5.93M

 


 
GOOG
950.70
-3.02%
4.66M

 


 
AMZN
1,039.87
+0.09%
2.45M

 

 





 
Name
Last
Chg. %
Vol.

 




 
FCX
14.87
+14.74%
74.12M

 


 
NEM
36.24
+6.90%
8.90M

 


 
RRC
21.82
+6.86%
8.51M

 


 
CAT
114.54
+5.88%
14.26M

 


 
SIG
61.47
+5.49%
2.00M

 


 
URBN
18.42
+5.44%
3.86M

 


 
SWN
5.92
+4.96%
23.15M

 

 





 
Name
Last
Chg. %
Vol.

 




 
STX
33.20
-16.50%
35.46M

 


 
IPG
22.16
-13.34%
26.95M

 


 
MU
29.90
-5.59%
51.15M

 


 
WAT
175.11
-5.35%
1.76M

 


 
MMM
199.39
-5.05%
6.59M

 


 
HCA
82.18
-4.54%
4.95M

 


 
INCY
133.56
-3.41%
1.83M

 

 


Promotions

 
Should You Try Trading New Markets?
Nadex 

 
Webinars






Identify sell and buy market areas

Tuesday, August 1, 2017 | 01:00PM EDT 









Does your trading edge suck? Lets fix it

Thursday, August 3, 2017 | 01:00PM EDT 









Intraday indicator Pivot point (daily formula)

Tuesday, August 8, 2017 | 01:00PM EDT 









Neurolinguistics programming & trading psychology

Tuesday, August 15, 2017 | 01:00PM EDT 





   
















 

Sign up for FREE and get:
 Real-Time Alerts
 Advanced Portfolio Features
 Personalized Charts
 Fully-Synced App








Continue with Facebook



Continue with Google


or

Sign up with Email





 


















Adaptimmune Therapeutics Plc - ADAP - Stock Price Today - Zacks






























Quote Overview


Stock Activity



Open
5.73


Day Low
5.53


Day High
5.80


52 Wk Low
3.76


52 Wk High
8.89


Avg. Volume
198,882


Market Cap
402.12 M


Dividend
0.00 ( 0.00%)


Beta
1.26





Key Earnings Data



Earnings ESP 
0.00%


Most Accurate Est
-0.24


Current Qtr Est
-0.24


Current Yr Est
-0.99


Exp Earnings Date
NA


Prior Year EPS
-1.01


Exp EPS Growth (3-5yr)NA


Forward PE
NA


PEG Ratio
NA













Medical » Medical - Biomedical and Genetics





Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find earnings surprises by focusing on the most recent analyst revisions. This is done because, generally speaking, if an analyst reevaluates their earnings estimate right before an earnings release, it means that they have fresh information which could potentially be more accurate than what analysts thought about a company two or three months ago.
The crux of this approach is comparing the Most Accurate Estimate to the Zacks Consensus Estimate, although the Zacks Rank is also an important feature of the ESP metric. Combining these two can help investors find stocks that are ready to beat the consensus at their next report, and hopefully surge higher in price too.
In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time. And best of all, by using these parameters, investors have seen 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings





Research Report for ADAP



All Zacks’ Analyst Reports



Premium Research for ADAP





Zacks Rank


 Hold 3



Zacks Industry Rank
 Top 47%(125 out of 265)


Zacks Sector Rank
 Bottom 25% (12  out of 16) 



Style Scores

F Value | F Growth | B Momentum | F VGM




Earnings ESP


0.00%



Research Report for ADAP

Snapshot





This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to get access to the Zacks Rank


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find companies that have recently seen positive earnings estimate revision activity. The idea is that more recent information is, generally speaking, more accurate and can be a better predictor of the future, which can give investors an advantage in earnings season.
The technique has proven to be very useful for finding positive surprises. In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time, while they also saw 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
    
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings


This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The three scores are based on the trading styles of Growth, Value, and Momentum.


Growth Score
A


Value Score
A


Momentum Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports

(  = Change in last 30 days) 
View All Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys





Premium Research: Industry Analysis



Top Peers
Symbol
Zacks Rank




Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC
ADAP



Audentes Therapeutics, Inc.
BOLD



BIOVERATIV INC
BIVV



Enzo Biochem, Inc.
ENZ



Exelixis, Inc.
EXEL



Strongbridge Biopharma PLC
SBBP



Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated
VRTX




See all Medical - Biomedical and Genetics Peers


 




Zacks News for ADAP

Humana (HUM) Likely to Beat Q1 Earnings: Stock to Gain?
05/01/17-8:48AM EST  Zacks

Adaptimmune Therapeutics (ADAP) Jumps: Stock Rises 10.5%
03/06/17-7:45AM EST  Zacks

ADAP: What are Zacks experts saying now?

Zacks Private Portfolio Services

Big Changes to BioShares Biotech ETFs: Who's In, Who's Out?
12/19/16-11:48AM EST  Zacks

ADAP: a Biotech Stock Using T-Cell Immunotherapy to Treat Cancer
08/01/16-5:13PM EST  Zacks




Company Summary
Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on cancer immunotherapy products based on T-cell receptor platform. Adaptimmune Therapeutics plc is based in Abingdon, United Kingdom.   





 






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









 

Velocio.net

































































Velocio.net
Next Generation PLCs.  Small, Inexpensive, easy-to-use PLCs.  Programmed with vBuilder, the industries most innovative programming software (Free Download).






Store
Ace
Branch
Embedded
Simulators
Software

vBuilder
vFactory
InduSoft
Tutorials





 
					0 items – $0.00 




Account












					Ace

					Powerful, Pocket-Sized PLCs

					Branch

					Lots of IO, where you need it



























					Better

					Smaller

					Cheaper

					Branch Out

					Lots of IO

					Distributed

					Processing

					Awesome PLC Software

					(and it's free)

					2.5" x 2.5" x 0.5"

					World's Smallest PLC

					Starting at $49

					Lowest cost PLC anywhere

					Gets IO where it's needed

					Connect up to 15 units

					(up to 450 IO points)

					IO with full PLC power

					Embed Subroutines in them

					All the benefits of Ace plus...



 

					Introducing Ace







					Fits most anywhere


					Tailored to your needs

					IO Options

					12 IO points

					24 IO points

					36 IO points










					Analog Input Options

					0-10 Volts

					0-20 mAmps

					0-5 Volts










					Termination Options

					Pluggable

					Spring Type

					Larger Screw-Type

					Relay

					Opto-Coupled




					Mounting Options

					DIN Rail

					Bolt Mount

					Super Strong

					Adhesive











					Made for Motion

					Every Ace and Branch PLC includes:










					Stepping Motor Pulsed Output

					up to 100kHz

					High Speed Counter for Pulse or

					Quadrature inputs up to 100 kHz

					Servo Control / LED Intensity Control

					Every digital output can produce it’s own

					Pulse-Width Modulation (PWM) signal




					As well as software Counters, Ramps and PIDs




					Programmed with

					Software you'll enjoy using :)




					Graphically program in Flow Charts and/or Ladder Logic to rapidly create custom applications. 

					We simplified the instruction set.  Our function set is comprehensive, easy to use and powerful.

					No hunting for features.  vBuilder’s layout keeps the tools and information you need in plain view.

					Warnings and Errors are presented in real time so there are no surprises at build.

					Tag based PLCs are easier to use than address based ones, but typically cost hundreds of dollars.

					Our entire line, starting at $49, is Tag based.

					Innovative Features

					We’ve developed some great features to help you get things done quicker and more reliably.

					Subroutines:

					Break projects up into manageable chunks, and allow program reuse.

					Objects:

					Isolate data and create logic components to greatly improve development efficiency,

					maintainability and reliability.

					Linked Subroutines:

					Specify that multiple subroutines should use the same Objects.  Maybe you’ve

					got an initialization routine you’d like in one subroutine, and a process you want in another.  

					They can share an object, so you don’t have to pass data between the two.




					View your data and create operator controls with

					Awesome, Free HMI




					We’re serious about delivering the easiest to use, most productive PLC software.

					We could go on about our features, but seeing is believing, so Check out our vBuilder page,

vFactory page or Download vBuilder and vFactory. They're

					FREE




					Meet Branch








					Expansion has a vLink input port instead of USB. 

					Expansions are otherwise physically identical to Branch Main. 

					Your Sensors and Actuators are Branched Out, 

					Your PLC Should Branch With Them! 







					Branch's unique structure beats backplane and brick systems 

					at getting IO where it’s need, helping you run shorter wires and keep an organized system 




					Smarter IO

					Expansion units have full PLC processing power and memory.




					vBuilder’s power shines with Branch 

					Put subroutines inside of IO units to focus processing where it’s most needed. 

					Debug your entire Branch system as a unit.  No need to debug one processor at a time. 

					Lets you view real-time data for your entire system. 













					PLC programming should be fun! 

					We’ve got engaging tutorials to get you up to speed on our PLCs, and more are on the way. 

					Whether you’re new to PLCs, or just new to us, we want your learning experience to be enjoyable. 

					The tutorials aren’t boring or difficult to follow, we promise. 

					FREE Connector Tool 

					For a limited time only, we’re giving away a FREE connector tool with every Order!




					Every order over $48 ships FREE 

					100% of our PLCs qualify for Free US standard shipping.
					We also ship to Canada and Mexico for $19.95.

					100% Satisfaction Guarantee 

					Shop with confidence, knowing that you are free to return any product for a full 30 days after 

					purchase and receive a full refund. 



					Choose your adventure... 













About Us - Contact Us - Store
© Velocio Networks 2014 to 2016 - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service 



























 

Ace | Velocio.net






























































Velocio.net
Next Generation PLCs.  Small, Inexpensive, easy-to-use PLCs.  Programmed with vBuilder, the industries most innovative programming software (Free Download).






Store
Ace
Branch
Embedded
Simulators
Software

vBuilder
vFactory
InduSoft
Tutorials





 
					0 items – $0.00 




Account









					Ace:






					Powerful, Pocket-Sized PLCs
					










	Better

	Smaller

	Cheaper

	Awesome PLC Software

	(and it's free)

	2.5" x 2.5" x 0.5"

	World's Smallest PLC

	Starting at $49

	Lowest cost PLC anywhere
























					Programmed with

					Software you'll enjoy using 🙂

					Create operator controls with

					Awesome, Free HMI

					vBuilder

					Rapidly Create Flow Chart and/or Ladder Logic applications.  
					Our function set is comprehensive, easy to use and powerful. 
					Warnings and Errors are presented in real time so there are no surprises at build.

					Innovative Features

Subroutines: Break projects up into manageable chunks, and allow program reuse.

Objects: Isolate data and create logic components to greatly improve development efficiency, maintainability, reliability and reusability.

Linked Subroutines: Specify that multiple subroutines should use the same Objects.  Maybe 
					you’ve got an initialization routine you’d like in one subroutine, and a process you
					want in another. They can share an object, so you don’t have to pass data between the two.

					vFactory

					Simplicity is the name of the game.  We want you to get your application up and running ASAP. 
Plug in your programmed PLC.  vFactory will gather your tags, know which are read-only and which are writable. 
You’re ready to fill pages with graphs, numbers, labels and value adjustment tools from vFactory’s 
simple, yet powerful set of 12 tools.

					We’re serious about delivering the easiest to use, most productive PLC software.

					We could go on about our features, but seeing is believing, so Check out our vBuilder and 
	vFactory pages for information, tutorials FREE downloads 




					Smallest footprint of any PLC

					At 2.5” x 2.5” x 0.5” Ace is the Smallest PLC on the Market.
					It’s less than 1/2 the size of the next smallest PLC.
					Enables new, smaller projects.




					Ace & Branch - Value Champions
 




Others strip down PLCs to offer them at prices still higher than Ace and Branch.
We give you our very best products at the industry’s lowest prices!




					Flavors of Ace
 
 
 

					Ace Specs:


Power: 4.75 to 5.5 VDC, 300 mA maximum

Digital Inputs: 3 to 30 VDC

Digital Outputs: 3 to 30 VDC sinking transistor.  300 mA max.

Analog In: 12 bit

Analog Outputs: 16 bit.  Software configure for 0-5VDC or 0-10VDC

Thermocouple / Differential Analog Inputs: J, K, N, T Type. Or 16 bit ±0.256V, ±0.512V, ±1.024V, ±2.048V, ±4.096V, ±6.144V






  Ace Data Sheet.

				Ace 11 - 6 digital in, 6 digital out			

$49.00 








Add




				Ace 1430- 6 D in, 12 D out, 1 RS232/RS485			

$94.00 








Add




				Ace 1450- 6 D in, 12 D out, 2 Therm, 1 RS232/RS485			

$119.00 








Add




				Ace 22 - 12 digital in, 12 digital out			

$89.00 








Add




				Ace 222v5 - 12 digital in, 12 digital out, 12 analog in (0-5 volt)			

$149.00 








Add




				Ace 222v10 - 12 digital in, 12 digital out, 12 analog in (0-10 volt)			

$149.00 








Add




				Ace 222c - 12 digital in, 12 digital out, 12 analog in (0-20 mAmp)			

$149.00 








Add




				Ace 3090v5- 6 D in, 18 D out, 3 A in (0-5V), 4 therm, 1 RS232			

$179.00 








Add




				Ace 3090v10- 6 D in, 18 D out, 3 A in (0-10V), 4 therm, 1 RS232			

$179.00 








Add




				Ace 3090c- 6 D in, 18 D out, 3 A in (0-20mA), 4 therm, 1 RS232			

$179.00 








Add




				Ace 5150v5- 12 D in, 12 D out, 3 A in (0-5V), 1 RS232			

$134.00 








Add




				Ace 5150v10- 12 D in, 12 D out, 3 A in (0-10V), 1 RS232			

$134.00 








Add




				Ace 5150c- 12 D in, 12 D out, 3 A in (0-20mAmp), 1 RS232			

$134.00 








Add





				Ace 7096v5 - 6 D in, 12 D out, 4 A in, 2 A out, 4 therm, 2 RS232			

$269.00 








Add





				Ace 7096v10 - 6 D in, 12 D out, 4 A in, 2 A out, 4 therm, 2 RS232			

$269.00 








Add





				Ace 7096c - 6 D in, 12 D out, 4 A in, 2 A out, 4 therm, 2 RS232			

$269.00 








Add



 




					Terminal Boards




					Ace PLCs come with small, high quality spring-cage capture connectors.
					They’re made for 20-26 AWG wire.

					These connectors along with built in protected inputs and transistor outputs work great 
					for many cases, but sometime you need something more.  We’ve got you covered.




					Larger Screw-Type

					Relay

					Opto-Coupled

					Using a Cable we’ll provide you, wire these Terminal boards to Ace or Branch’s IO ports.
					All Terminal Boards have a built in mount for 15mm DIN Rail or #8 Bolts.
					All Terminal Boards connect to IO with screw-type terminals (30-16 AWG stranded or solid wire.)

					Data Sheets:







  Screw-Terminal






  Relay






  Opto-Coupled
 
Prefer a Larger, Screw-Type Terminal? 
				Termination - Screw Type			

$9.00 








Add



Need relay outputs? (these require a 5V power supply, not included) 
				Relay5A- Relay (5 Amp)			

$19.00 








Add



Need opto-coupled inputs? 
				Opt24 - Opto-Coupled (24 volt AC or DC)			

$19.00 








Add



 
				Opt120 - Opto-Coupled (120 volt AC)			

$19.00 








Add



 




					Simulator Sticks
 

					Simulator Stick plugs into any Digital Input port and lets you simulate 6 digital inputs.
					Use with any standard (non-embedded) Ace, Branch and Expansion PLCs
 

				Simulator Stick - Digital (6 digital switches)			

$29.00 








Add



 




					Power




					All Ace and Branch PLCs come with a 2 position connector to attach
					to a 5 volt power supply.  Connects to 26-20 gauge wire.

					Data Sheets







  5V and 12V Wall Plugs






  Regulator
 
If you don’t have a power supply, we offer one. It’ll power 1 PLC or Powered Terminal Board. 
				Wall Plug - 5 volt,  2 Amp (for 1 PLC or powered terminator board)			

$9.00 








Add



If you’ve got a 12-24 volt supply and want to power up to 6 PLCs or Powered Terminal Boards, we’ve got a Regulator for that. It connects to a 15mm DIN rail or #8 bolts.  
				Regulator - 8 to 28 volts in, six 5-volt supplies out			

$19.00 








Add



 We’ve also offer a 12 volt supply to use our Regulator 
				Wall Plug - 12 volt (an option to power Regulator)			

$15.00 








Add



 




					Programming cable




					All Ace and Branch PLCs use a standard USB to Mini-USB cable 
					for programming (like the one in the picture to the left).
					If you’ve already got one, great, it’ll work fine.
					Be careful, this isn't the USB to Micro-USB that comes with many cell phones.
					If not, be sure to add one to your cart.
 

				vProg6 - 6 Foot Programming Cable			

$5.00 








Add



 




					DIN Rail Mount

					All Ace and Branch PLCs come standard with a super-strong, 2-sided adhesive strip.
					It bonds well with painted metals, plastics and glass. 
					This stuff is used to attach Sky-Scraper windows to their frames.  We've been impressed with it's strength.




					Adhesive

					(Underside of Ace and Branch PLCs)

					But, what if I want to attach it to a DIN rail, screws, or bolts? You’re in Luck!  

					We’ve got a great add-on that helps you attach your PLC to a 35mm Din rail, or #8 screws or bolts.  




					vMount  

					same thing, just upside down  

					it's got these 2 hooks  

					Ace or Branch underside  

					notice these slots 

					Ace and Branch have four of the slots shown in the image above, to the right. (two aren’t visible). 
					Twist vMount onto your Ace or Branch to attach.  Pick which of the 4 orientations works best for your project.  




					Once attached to your Ace or Branch, rest the topside on your DIN rail. 
					Then press the bottom side down.  It'll snap in place, providing a secure mount.  

					If you'd prefer to mount using #8 screws or bolts, just place you holes 1" apart.
 







  vMount #8 Bolt Mounting Diagram.
 

				vMount - DIN Rail / Bolt Mount			

$5.00 








Add








 












About Us - Contact Us - Store
© Velocio Networks 2014 to 2016 - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service 



























 

vBuilder | Velocio.net






























































Velocio.net
Next Generation PLCs.  Small, Inexpensive, easy-to-use PLCs.  Programmed with vBuilder, the industries most innovative programming software (Free Download).






Store
Ace
Branch
Embedded
Simulators
Software

vBuilder
vFactory
InduSoft
Tutorials





 
					0 items – $0.00 




Account











					Builder

Better PLC Programming Software

Graphically program in Ladder Logic or Flow Charts.
					Our instruction set is powerful, compact and easy to learn.





Click to Download vBuilder Manual


Click to Download vBuilder Software


					System Requirements: Windows Vista, 7, 8 or 10 (32 or 64 bit)
					Current Version: 2.29
View Change Log


 





 




 
Click Tools to Learn About
 




































About Us - Contact Us - Store
© Velocio Networks 2014 to 2016 - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service 



























 

vFactory | Velocio.net






























































Velocio.net
Next Generation PLCs.  Small, Inexpensive, easy-to-use PLCs.  Programmed with vBuilder, the industries most innovative programming software (Free Download).






Store
Ace
Branch
Embedded
Simulators
Software

vBuilder
vFactory
InduSoft
Tutorials





 
					0 items – $0.00 




Account











					Factory

Easy to Build Operator Controls

Drag and drop controls to create Operator Control Panels.
					Designed to be the easiest to use HMI software around.





Click to Download vFactory


Click to Download vFactory Viewer


					System Requirements: Windows Vista, 7, 8 or 10 (32 or 64 bit)
					Current Version: 1.14
 



 

					InduSoft



					Velocio PLCs are now compatible with InduSoft
					Use to create powerful SCADA/HMI controls, log data and remotely access controls.
					Visit the InduSoft page to learn more 
 

					Want something more custom?

					All Ace and Branch Talk Modbus over USB
					Connect our PLCs to any device or application that talks Modbus over USB.
					Or tie to your own custom application.  We've got a Visual Studio Form Example to get you started.
 





 












About Us - Contact Us - Store
© Velocio Networks 2014 to 2016 - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service 



























 

Simulators | Velocio.net






























































Velocio.net
Next Generation PLCs.  Small, Inexpensive, easy-to-use PLCs.  Programmed with vBuilder, the industries most innovative programming software (Free Download).






Store
Ace
Branch
Embedded
Simulators
Software

vBuilder
vFactory
InduSoft
Tutorials





 
					0 items – $0.00 




Account












					Simulators



					Simulate Inputs to aid development!

 

					2 Reasons to Use Simulators

					1) Work on software before connecting to your Sensors and Actuators.

					Don’t have all your sensors and actuators yet?

					Can’t afford to take system offline for long?

					Prove it works before connecting to the real thing.

					Want to connect sensors and actuators one piece at a time?

					With the External Port option, connect as many Digital IO sensors and actuators as you’d like
					and simulate all the rest.  
					Switches let you select pin-by-pin which Analog Inputs you want to simulate using knobs
					and which you want to use real signals from input ports.

					2) Learn to use PLCs.

					They’re a great training tool.  All IO can be simulated.

					Compatible with most Embedded PLC we sell

					With a Simulator, an Embedded Branch Main and Embedded Expansions,
					you can simulate an entire Branch System.

					Simulators can be set up to work with 5volt and 10volt analog ranges. 

 

					Simulator - top and side views

 

*Picture Shows an Embedded PLC plugged into Simulator.  Embedded PLCs sold separately

 

 

					Knobs simulate Analog Inputs
					(port f is optional)

 

					Switches simulate Digital Inputs

 

					LEDs display Digital Output state

 

					Jumper sets whether GND to +5V 
					or AV- to AV+ is used for Analog Inputs

 

					Analog Input Port Connector (optional)

 

					Switches let you pin-by-pin to use 
					Knob or signal from Analog 
					Input Port (optional)

 

					Digital Input Port Connector (optional)
					decide pin-by-pin to use Switch or wire 
					plugged into this port for Digital Input

 

					Digital Output Port Connector (optional)
					connect outputs to real hardware


 

 

					Our Embedded PLCs use 0.1” spaced headers 
					that extend from the underside of the PLCs. 
					They’re designed to mate with these Simulators,
					as well as your custom hardware
(click to read more about Embedded PLCs)

					View without Embedded PLC plugged in.
 
 



					Simulators



  

  eSimulator Data Sheet
 


				eSim222p - 12 D in, 12 D out, 12 analog in (with port connectors)			

$179.00 








Add



 
 



					Simulator Compatible PLCs
 

					Embedded PLCs are identical to their non-embedded version, 
					except that they connect to hardware using 0.1” spaced headers 
					instead of pluggable terminals.

					Visit the Ace and Branch pages to learn more about specific versions of these PLCs.

					Embedded PLC Data Sheets:







  eAce






  eBranch






  eExpansion
 
				eAce 11 – 6 digital in, 6 digital out			

$49.00 








Add





				eAce 22 – 12 digital in, 12 digital out			

$89.00 








Add





				eAce 222v5 – 12 digital in, 12 digital out, 12 analog in (0-5 volt)			

$149.00 








Add





				eAce 222v10 – 12 digital in, 12 digital out, 12 analog in (0-10 volt)			

$149.00 








Add





				eBranch 11 – 6 digital in, 6 digital out, 2 vLink out			

$69.00 








Add





				eBranch 22 – 12 digital in, 12 digital out, 2 vLink out			

$109.00 








Add





				eBranch 221v5 – 12 D in, 12 D out, 6 A in (0-5 volt), 2 vLink out			

$139.00 








Add





				eBranch 221v10 – 12 D in, 12 D out, 6 A in (0-10 volt), 2 vLink out			

$139.00 








Add





				eExp 11 – 6 digital in, 6 digital out, 2 vLink out			

$69.00 








Add





				eExp 22 – 12 digital in, 12 digital out, 2 vLink out			

$109.00 








Add





				eExp 221v5 – 12 D in, 12 D out, 6 analog in (0-5 volt), 2 vLink out			

$139.00 








Add





				eExp 221v10 – 12 D in, 12 D out, 6 A in (0-10 volt), 2 vLink out			

$139.00 








Add



 



					vLink

					Needed to connect Expansion to Branch Main or to other Branch Expansions
 
 
				vLink2 - 2 foot vLink cable			

$7.00 








Add





				vLink6 – 6 foot vLink cable			

$9.00 








Add



vLink Extender lets you space Branch Expansions up to 100 feet apart
(requires 2 vLink Cables and standard Cat5e cable, these are not included)

				vLink Extender - 1 pair			

$49.00 








Add



 



					Programming Cable

					All Ace and Branch PLCs use a standard USB to Mini-USB cable 
					for programming (like the one in the picture to the right).

					If you’ve already got one, great, it’ll work fine. If not, be sure to add one to your cart.
 

				vProg6 - 6 Foot Programming Cable			

$5.00 








Add



 




					Power

					Simulators require one 5v Supply.  Embedded PLCs get their power from Simulator.







  5V Wall Plugs
 
 

				Wall Plug - 5 volt,  2 Amp (for 1 PLC or powered terminator board)			

$9.00 








Add



 





 












About Us - Contact Us - Store
© Velocio Networks 2014 to 2016 - Privacy Policy - Terms of Service 



















































GoBoldly - Latest news and stories from the American biopharmaceutical industry

















      Skip to main content
    
















Explore the innovative research and technological breakthroughs of America's biopharmaceutical industry, and get to know the people behind the fight to prevent, treat, and cure disease.


















Our Fight


Our Mission


Our Companies













FOLLOW US






©2017 Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America
950 F Street, NW Suite 300
Washington, DC 20004
202.835.3400 (P) | 202.835.3414 (F)
PhRMA.org Innovation.org
Privacy Policy Terms of Service


























AboutUS

Finding lifesaving medicines is a life's work – the work of 140,000 researchers who never say never. As well as the millions of patients who fight side by side with researchers in the battle for life, against whatever odds they face together.
Now is the time to put the accelerator to the floor. The best is yet to come – like advancements in personalized medicine and immunotherapy – and it's coming faster than we can imagine.
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
DO NOT GO GENTLE
Today's breakthroughs are becoming tomorrow's medicines.
 Watch the Video 



























































DO NOT GO GENTLE

















DO NOT GO GENTLE





 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print







This is the most exciting time in the history of medicine. Millions of people around the world are benefiting from breakthrough treatments that save, extend and improve life.
Research, technology and genomics are coming together to create a platform that allows researchers to decipher the cause of disease as never before. Each advance opens new doors, new cures, new treatments.
And yet, it’s not enough.
"Today's breakthroughs become tomorrow's medicines." Tweet
Cures don’t appear on a schedule. In search of the unknowable, in search of curing the incurable, there is no one map, no singular template, no predictable milestones.
Finding lifesaving medicines is a life’s work – the work of thousands of researchers who never say never. It's also the work of millions of patients who fight side by side with researchers in the battle for life, against whatever odds they face together.
Now is the time to put the accelerator to the floor. The best is yet to come – like groundbreaking advances in immunotherapy and personalized medicine – where the once impossible is now reality.
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
Dylan Thomas penned "Do not go gentle into that good night" in 1947, but the sentiment is as timely today as it ever was. Millions of Americans are battling serious illnesses, but they’re not alone in the fight. They have the support of thousands of biopharmaceutical researchers whose lives are dedicated to helping patients go boldly into longer, healthier, and more productive lives.
 










      RELATED NEWS
    



THE POWER OF MEDICINES
Saving lives and creating hope for the future.
VIEW THE GRAPHIC



DRIVING PERSONALIZED MEDICINE FORWARD
The biopharmaceutical industry is leading the charge in finding new medicines for patients.
VIEW THE GALLERY



TRANSLATING SCIENCE INTO NEW MEDICINES
The commitment it takes for researchers and scientists to achieve breakthroughs in medicine.
WATCH THE VIDEO





















 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print








































GoBoldly - Latest stories from the American biopharmaceutical industry - Cells One

















      Skip to main content
    
















Explore the innovative research and technological breakthroughs of America's biopharmaceutical industry, and get to know the people behind the fight to prevent, treat, and cure disease.


















Our Fight


Our Mission


Our Companies













FOLLOW US






©2017 Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America
950 F Street, NW Suite 300
Washington, DC 20004
202.835.3400 (P) | 202.835.3414 (F)
PhRMA.org Innovation.org
Privacy Policy Terms of Service


























AboutUS

Finding lifesaving medicines is a life's work – the work of 140,000 researchers who never say never. As well as the millions of patients who fight side by side with researchers in the battle for life, against whatever odds they face together.
Now is the time to put the accelerator to the floor. The best is yet to come – like advancements in personalized medicine and immunotherapy – and it's coming faster than we can imagine.
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
DO NOT GO GENTLE
Today's breakthroughs are becoming tomorrow's medicines.
 Watch the Video 



























































A NEW WAY TO FIGHT CANCER 

















A NEW WAY TO FIGHT CANCER 





 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print







It used to be science fiction. Harnessing your body’s own immune system to fight cancer. But what was once the fruit of a wild imagination is today a reality.
Rather than killing cancer cells directly with traditional approaches like radiation or chemotherapy, immunotherapy harnesses the immune system’s power to eliminate the cancer or slow its growth and ability to spread. Research shows immunotherapy is improving outcomes and survival rates for some patients, including kidney and lung cancer. In fact, research from the American Association for Cancer Research shows that for advanced-melanoma patients, survival rates are improving thanks in part to these new treatment options.
"It used to be science fiction. Harnessing your body’s own immune system to fight cancer." Tweet
Biopharmaceutical researchers are urgently working to gain new insights into the complex interactions between patients’ immune systems and the cancer cells growing in their bodies with the goal of markedly improving outcomes in more tumor types.
With 836 medicines and vaccines in development for cancer, 80 percent of which have the potential to be first-in-class treatments, millions of Americans living with cancer have hope for a brighter future.
Welcome to the new era of medicine.
For all of us.
 










      RELATED NEWS
    



TRANSLATING SCIENCE INTO NEW MEDICINES
The commitment it takes for researchers and scientists to achieve breakthroughs in medicine.
WATCH THE VIDEO



DRIVING PERSONALIZED MEDICINE FORWARD
The biopharmaceutical industry is leading the charge in finding new medicines for patients.
VIEW THE GALLERY



THE POWER OF MEDICINES
Saving lives and creating hope for the future.
VIEW THE GRAPHIC





















 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print








































GoBoldly - Latest stories from the American biopharmaceutical industry - Diabetes

















      Skip to main content
    
















Explore the innovative research and technological breakthroughs of America's biopharmaceutical industry, and get to know the people behind the fight to prevent, treat, and cure disease.


















Our Fight


Our Mission


Our Companies













FOLLOW US






©2017 Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America
950 F Street, NW Suite 300
Washington, DC 20004
202.835.3400 (P) | 202.835.3414 (F)
PhRMA.org Innovation.org
Privacy Policy Terms of Service


























AboutUS

Finding lifesaving medicines is a life's work – the work of 140,000 researchers who never say never. As well as the millions of patients who fight side by side with researchers in the battle for life, against whatever odds they face together.
Now is the time to put the accelerator to the floor. The best is yet to come – like advancements in personalized medicine and immunotherapy – and it's coming faster than we can imagine.
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
DO NOT GO GENTLE
Today's breakthroughs are becoming tomorrow's medicines.
 Watch the Video 



























































HELPING DIABETES PATIENTS THRIVE

















HELPING DIABETES PATIENTS THRIVE





 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print







Diabetes is a serious condition that effects more than 30 million Americans. While complications of the disease can be dire, there is hope. Biopharmaceutical researchers are helping patients manage the condition today and envision a bright outlook for future treatments.
Diabetes: the patient perspective
Diabetes is a general term for a chronic condition where there is too much glucose (sugar) in the blood. Normally, the pancreas makes insulin to help convert glucose into energy. With diabetes, the body either does not make enough insulin (type 1 diabetes) or does not use it properly (type 2 diabetes), leading to high blood glucose levels. Uncontrolled diabetes can lead to serious health complications, such as heart attack, lower-limb amputation, vision impairment and blindness.
Endocrinologist Dr. William "Bill" Chin has experience treating endocrine disorders, including diabetes. As chief medical officer at PhRMA, he works to ensure that patient voices are heard, drawing on his dual experience as a physician and as the parent of a child with diabetes. When Dr. Chin's son, Danny, was 15, he began experiencing telltale symptoms like excessive thirst. Dr. Chin diagnosed his son himself with type 1 diabetes.
He says, "I don’t think any parent is ever prepared to learn that one of our kids has developed a disease, particularly one that will be chronic. In many ways it’s forever, but the good news is we have great therapies that actually will allow a patient with diabetes to live a full and completely normal life if it’s well managed."
The changing landscape of diabetes treatment
The medications that Danny relies on have come a long way in the last ten years. A decade ago, a number of insulin options were available to patients, as well as oral and injected medications. Successful management of diabetes required constant and diligent monitoring of glucose levels. To control their glucose, patients needed multiple daily injections and/or multiple oral medicines.
In recent years, researchers have focused on making treatments much easier for patients, from fewer pills to less frequent injections. Careful monitoring and treatment are still needed, but current medicines in development offer a promising future.
There are 171 medicines currently in development for type 1 and type 2 diabetes and diabetes-related conditions. A new wave of treatments is offering patients better or more sustained control over their glucose levels. Other medicines in the pipeline may address diabetes-related complications that affect the kidneys, blood vessels and eyes. All of the medicines are in clinical trials or awaiting review by the FDA.
While these advances have improved patient quality of life and increased lifespans for type 1 diabetes, ongoing research remains critical. In fact, diabetes was the seventh leading cause of death in the United States in 2013.
Dr. Chin says, "Collaboration is incredibly important in the understanding and development of new treatments for diabetes ... we are continually seeking to advance our understanding of the disease. This can only be achieved by having academic scientists and physician scientists working closely with scientists in the biopharmaceutical industry."
For more information, download the PhRMA report.
 










      RELATED NEWS
    



REPORT: MEDICINES IN DEVELOPMENT FOR DIABETES
More than 170 medicines are being developed for diabetes and diabetes-related conditions.
READ THE REPORT



IMPROVING DIABETES TREATMENT
Expanded treatment options help improve diabetes management and quality of life.
VIEW THE GALLERY



REPORT: A DECADE IN PROGRESS TREATING CHRONIC DISEASES
In the last 10 years, incredible progress has been made by the biopharmaceutical industry.
READ THE REPORT





















 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print






































GoBoldly -

















      Skip to main content
    
















Explore the innovative research and technological breakthroughs of America's biopharmaceutical industry, and get to know the people behind the fight to prevent, treat, and cure disease.


















Our Fight


Our Mission


Our Companies













FOLLOW US






©2017 Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America
950 F Street, NW Suite 300
Washington, DC 20004
202.835.3400 (P) | 202.835.3414 (F)
PhRMA.org Innovation.org
Privacy Policy Terms of Service


























AboutUS

Finding lifesaving medicines is a life's work – the work of 140,000 researchers who never say never. As well as the millions of patients who fight side by side with researchers in the battle for life, against whatever odds they face together.
Now is the time to put the accelerator to the floor. The best is yet to come – like advancements in personalized medicine and immunotherapy – and it's coming faster than we can imagine.
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
DO NOT GO GENTLE
Today's breakthroughs are becoming tomorrow's medicines.
 Watch the Video 



















































We cannot take progress for granted

















We cannot take progress for granted





 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print







We are in a new era of medical discovery and have the potential to revolutionize the treatment of costly and debilitating diseases. But we must not take this progress for granted.  To ensure medical innovation continues for the benefit of patients we need public policies that reward the investment and time it takes to develop life-saving treatments and cures.
In order to enhance competition and improve affordability for patients, our country must:
1)    Make medicines more affordable by rewarding value
 Today, America’s Biopharmaceutical Companies are partnering with health insurers to improve how we pay for medicines. Prices for medicines may vary based on how well an individual responds to treatment, or agreements may lower co-pays if patients achieve better health outcomes. While these partnerships will vary, they are helping to ensure we get the right medicine to the right patient at the right time – improving care and lowering costs across the health care system.
Yet, outdated regulations prevent wider use of these new payment arrangements.  Government rules and regulations should not prevent the private sector from developing better ways to pay for medicines. Rather, we must ensure health plans can cover more of the newest medicines and give patients more choices – improving care and lowering health care costs for Americans.
2)    Ensure patients get the best deal on medicines
America’s Biopharmaceutical Companies often negotiate large rebates for prescription medicines with insurers and pharmacy benefit managers (PBMs). Those rebates are growing every year and now exceed $100 billion per year – helping to hold down health care costs for patients and taxpayers.
But we can do more to ensure patients benefit directly from these negotiated savings, and put an end to an unfair practice that requires patients to buy medicines at full price, even when their insurers get a rebate. In fact, patients with large deductibles can end up paying more than their insurer pays for their medicine.  That’s wrong. Health insurance companies should share with patients the discounts they receive. This could lower out-of-pocket costs for some patients by hundreds – if not thousands – of dollars every year.
3)    Make new breakthroughs accessible, and promote competition
We need to make it make it easier for patients to get access to breakthrough medicines. It simply takes too long to get new medicines approved – over 10 years and over one billion dollars, on average.  Outdated regulations and approaches for evaluating drugs can slow things down even more. To get medicines approved faster, while ensuring safety, we need to modernize the FDA with new technologies and expertise to keep up with 21st century science. Modernizing the FDA will bring down the time and cost of developing new medicines, which will bring medicines to patients faster, and enhance competition in the market.
We also need to reduce the backlog of applications for generic medicines at the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).  This will ensure that patients benefit as less expensive generic medicines replace higher cost treatments that have lost patent protection. 
At the same time, we must avoid policies that deter risk-taking or siphon funding away from the research and development of new medicines for patients. Learn more about our plan to build a sustainable, science-based health care system that harnesses today’s hopes to discover tomorrow’s cures here.










      RELATED NEWS
    



Must-know facts about drug costs
Did you know due to negotiation and competition medicine costs are growing at the slowest rate in years? 
Learn the facts



Do not go gentle
Welcome to the future of medicine. Where disease is no match for tenacity. No match for ingenuity. Where together, we go boldly.
Watch the video



The Science behind the logo
Explore how genomics and new personalized treatments are helping patients have longer, healthier lives.
Read the article





















 Share
 Tweet
 Link
 Email
 Print
















