












Mark W. Addicks | MMA Events




















Skip to main content












			  			MMA Events            

            Mobile Marketing Association          
 










Global Events Calendar
Contact Us
 




Search form

Search 





 



Main menu







  
 









Speaking OpportunitiesPartner OpportunitiesForum Archives
close
 




June 16-20, 2014 • Cannes France


Get notified when more information becomes available.



Partner Opportunities
close

 





CEO/CMO Summit



Speaking OpportunitiesPartner Opportunities
close
 




Awards Gala • October 1, 2014 • New York City


Call for entries open. Entry Deadline Extended to July 9, 2014. Submit now.



The SMARTIES™VIETNAM30 Oct • Vietnam

The SMARTIES™EMEA10 Nov • London
close
 




SM2™ Innovation SummitSeptember 30-October 1, 2014 • New York City


Get notified when more information becomes available.



Speaking OpportunitiesPartner Opportunities
close

 














close








You are hereHome   >   Mark W. Addicks



		  Mark W. Addicks        









Mark W. Addicks

Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer General Mills


As Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer, Mark has overall responsibility for the company’s world-class marketing function and its marketing services organization, Gcom.
In his role, Mark has oversight responsibilities for the company’s global brand-building strategy, including its advertising, promotions, PR, design, packaging, online, licensing, and multicultural initiatives. He also oversees some of the industry’s most recognized equity platforms, including Box Tops for Education and the Pillsbury Bake-Off. Mark also has pioneered several cutting edge propriety marketing ventures.
Since joining General Mills in 1988, Mark has held marketing positions with increasing responsibility in both the Yoplait and the Big G cereal divisions. As Vice President of Big G New Enterprises, he led highly successful new product development efforts, including Frosted Cheerios, one of the most heralded product launches in category history. He also produced ground-breaking results as leader of the venerable Cheerios franchise.
Mark was named Vice President of Marketing Communications in January 2000, and led the successful integration of the General Mills and Pillsbury marketing functions in 2001. He was named Chief Marketing Officer in January 2004, and was promoted to Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer in June 2007.
Before joining General Mills, he led marketing communication programs for Anderson, Clayton & Company, a diversified foods company based in Houston. During the same period, he started and managed three entrepreneurial businesses in Houston.
Mark’s work has been widely recognized with numerous industry awards, both for his innovation and marketing expertise. Advertising Age named him one of the top 100 marketers in 1999, and one of the top 25 Power Brokers in both 2003 and 2004. In addition, he has been invited to guest lecture at some of the nation’s leading business programs, including Harvard, Tuck and the University of Chicago.
He earned a bachelor’s degree in government from the University of Texas in 1978 and an MBA from Harvard University in 1988.
Mark resides in Minneapolis.






 
 





Home
MMA Forums
Mobile CEO & CMO Summit
 





The Smarties™
Advertising Week
Other Events
 





Speaking Opportunities
Partner Opportunities
Event Archive
 















 


 





© 2017 Mobile Marketing Association.  All Rights Reserved.


View Mobile Site    |   

Privacy Policy    |    
Membership

  


 
 
 













 



 

















 
 


    Mark Addicks | General Mills Inc | ZoomInfo.com




News on Mark W. Addicks


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology















                                Person                            


                                    Mark W. Addicks                                    ▼





                                Topic                            


                                    All Topics                                    ▼








Organizations

                                Find news about organizations
                            





Alumni

                                Find news on alumni of any org
                            





Industries

                                Find news on a particular market
                            





Your Contacts

                                Find news on your contacts
                            








Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed:











By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions


















Follow




                            Change Feed
                        


Mark W. Addicks











Hoch to air first TV ad in Mpls. mayor's race 


                                June 21, 2017                                 • 
                                Star Tribune (Minneapolis, Minnesota)                            


                                  ... out her recycling. Those scenes are intercut with messages from Hoch's husband, Mark Addicks, who tells viewers, "All he thinks about is Minneapolis." It ends ...
                                









Hoch joins mayor's race, saying city needs 'big ideas' 


                                February 22, 2017                                 • 
                                Star Tribune (Minneapolis, Minnesota)                            


                                  ... McCorvey; Hot Indian Foods owner Amol Dixit; children; grandchildren, and his husband Mark Addicks, Hoch criticized candidates such as Frey who "are running for the ...
                                









Q&A WITH C.J. 


                                December 10, 2016                                 • 
                                Star Tribune (Minneapolis, Minnesota)                            


                                  ... Party," just 10 gay guys. [Instead, it was a housewarming party for Mark Addicks, who is now married to Tom Hoch, the retiring Hennepin Theatre ...
                                









Parkgoers embrace the 'movable' seat 


                                August 14, 2016                                 • 
                                Star Tribune (Minneapolis, Minnesota)                            


                                  ... a trip to the park felt more like labor than leisure for Mark Addicks. "I used the parks like I go to work. I was ...
                                









BEAUTIFUL GARDENS 


                                July 3, 2016                                 • 
                                Star Tribune (Minneapolis, Minnesota)                            


                                  ... submissions, and ultimately narrowed the field to the following seven winners: 1. Mark Addicks' and Tom Hoch's garden in Minneapolis' Lowry Hill neighborhood is just ...
                                









The Mayor of Hennepin Avenue 


                                June 12, 2016                                 • 
                                Star Tribune (Minneapolis, Minnesota)                            


                                  ... on Lake of the Isles with his husband, retired General Mills executive Mark Addicks. They love to garden, savoring blooms of peonies and bee balm. ...
                                









General Mills begins first major media review in 14 years : 


                                May 29, 2015                                 • 
                                Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal                            


                                  ... The change comes shortly after the retirement of longtime Chief Marketing Officer Mark Addicks. Ann Simonds, formerly the head of the General Mills baking division, ...
                                









Vivoom Introduces First Participatory Mobile Marketing Platform: Enables brands to add participation to every campaign at scale.


                                April 6, 2015                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... mobile brand marketing solution that consumer brands have been waiting for," says Mark Addicks, former CMO of General Mills. "Vivoom gives brands an easy, repeatable ...
                                









PEOPLE MOVES


                                December 29, 2014                                 • 
                                Advertising Age                            


                                  ... PEOPLE MOVES MARK ADDICKS General Mills Chief Marketing Officer and Senior VP Mark Addicks, one ...
                                









Business leaders split between Dayton and Johnson in governor's race


                                October 28, 2014                                 • 
                                Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal                            


                                  ... CEO Bob Ulrich gave $4,000 Walser Automotive Group CEO Paul Walser gave Mark AddicksSupporting Dayton General Mills Chief Marketing Officer Mark Addicks gave $2,000 Padilla ...
                                









HOW TO CREATE A CULTURE OF MARKETING FOR YOUR BRAND: ANA meeting yields insights on everything from purpose to toilets


                                October 27, 2014                                 • 
                                Advertising Age                            


                                  ... "What I love about purpose," said retiring General Mills Chief Marketing Officer Mark Addicks, is that it "really asks your team to think big. What ...
                                









News From the Advertising Industry


                                October 6, 2014                                 • 
                                The New York Times                            


                                  ... Gyro offices, including those in New York and Paris. People â– Mark W. Addicks, senior vice president and chief marketing officer of General Mills, Golden ...
                                









General Mills' chief marketing officer retiring


                                October 1, 2014                                 • 
                                Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal                            


                                  ... General Mills' chief marketing officer retiring General Mills' chief marketing officer retiring Mark Addicks, who's been chief marketing officer at General Mills Inc. for 10 ...
                                









General Mills taps top media exec from MillerCoors


                                August 20, 2014                                 • 
                                Minneapolis / St. Paul Business Journal                            


                                  ... role for Golden Valley-based General Mills. She'll report to Chief Marketing Officer Mark Addicks. In her new role, she'll oversee some of the tasks handled ...
                                









CMOS WANTED


                                May 19, 2014                                 • 
                                Advertising AgePrint Version                            


                                  ... chief customer officer at Kohl's, to its board, while Ruby Tuesday named Mark Addicks, CMO at General Mills, to its. Cigna cited Ms. Gass' customer-focused ...
                                









CRASH COURSE


                                May 12, 2014                                 • 
                                Advertising AgePrint Version                            


                                  ... first Wednesday of each month. That's where the company's chief marketing officer, Mark Addicks, leads about 300 of its marketers through a rapid-fire tour of ...
                                









Ruby Tuesday Appoints Mark W. Addicks and Donald E. Hess to the Board of Directors


                                April 9, 2014                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... . Ruby Tuesday, Inc. (NYSE: RT) today announced the appointments of Mark W. Addicks and Donald E. Hess to its Board of Directors effective April ...
                                









FOUR BIG IDEAS FROM THE AD AGE DIGITAL CONFAB


                                April 7, 2014                                 • 
                                Advertising AgePrint Version                            


                                  ... a good example. "We used to think we're great at TV," said Mark Addicks, senior VP-CMO at General Mills. "Now we're going to have to ...
                                









Upfront Season Swells as Media Companies Compete for Ads


                                April 3, 2014                                 • 
                                The New York Times - Biographical Materials                            


                                  ... Poster on the roster of outside speakers at the Gannett event were Mark Addicks, senior vice president and chief marketing officer at General Mills, who ...
                                









At GANNETT_FRONT 2014 New Strategic Partnerships Announced with The Weinstein Company, General Mills and Latitude


                                April 2, 2014                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... this brings unique content marketing and brand entertainment possibilities," added Poster. * Mark Addicks , Chief Marketing Officer for General Mills , discussed Outnumber Hunger, ...
                                









Chicago CMO Collective, Digital Collective Groups Announce April Meeting Details


                                April 1, 2014                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... as well as nominating other attendees and sponsors. CMO Collective co-chairs include Mark Addicks, SVP & CMO, General Mills; Dave Bryla, CMO, Reynolds Consumer Products; ...
                                









Ad Age Digital Conference Arrives in New York City April 1-2


                                March 5, 2014                                 • 
                                Business Wire                            


                                  ... Kimberly-Clark Eli Pariser, Co-Founder, Upworthy Leslie Berland, SVP, Digital Partnerships, American Express Mark Addicks, CMO, General Mills Matt Smith, VP, Marketing & Innovation, Cargill Mike ...
                                









Box Tops for Education® Reaches Half-a-Billion in Earnings; Urges America to Get Involved to Support School Funding


                                March 5, 2013                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... $525 million without the passionate coordinators that help collect Box Tops," said Mark Addicks, chief marketing officer at General Mills. "Through their amazing efforts, we've ...
                                









Box Tops for Education® Reaches Half-a-Billion in Earnings; Urges America to Get Involved to Support School Funding


                                March 5, 2013                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            


                                  ... $525 million without the passionate coordinators that help collect Box Tops," said Mark Addicks, chief marketing officer at General Mills. "Through their amazing efforts, we've ...
                                









Box Tops for Education® Reaches Half-a-Billion in Earnings; Urges America to Get Involved to Support School Funding


                                March 5, 2013                                 • 
                                PR Newswire                            








Related News Feeds






General Mills, Inc.







Food







Board and Executive Moves in Food







Alumni of Harvard University - Harvard Business School

























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 






Want to see the full history of news or view news on a particular date? Upgrade to RelSci Professional now!


Start My Free Trial  ➤










 Industry:




 Select a Topic:



 Keyword:



Go  ➤









 Find an Organization:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Find a Person:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Name of a School:







 Or Name of an Organization:









 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤








Thank you. You are now subscribed.Please wait for the page to refresh...










You are now subscribed to this feed.










You have unsubscribed to this feed.










Thank you. You can now subscribe to more RelSci news feeds.










 To subscribe to more than one feed, please enter a password.




 Please confirm your password



Go  ➤








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Follow News On Your Contacts

Upgrade to RelSci Pro now to easily sync your contacts and stay in the know on the news about the people important to you.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Search News On Keywords

Curate your news even further with the ability to filter feeds based on specific keywords mentioned in the articles.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now













Industries

                        Find news on a particular market
                    





People

                        Find news about people
                    





Organizations

                        Find news about organizations
                    





Alumni

                        Find news on alumni of any org
                    





Your Contacts

                        Find news on your contacts
                    












                Free Daily Alerts
            


                Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed
            




Sign Up ➤

                    By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions




                Already have an account?  Click here to login.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤






















Mark W. Addicks - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Mark W. Addicks
Board Member at Ruby Tuesday, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Mark W. Addicks? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Mark W. Addicks's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Mark W. Addicks's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Mark W. Addicks's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Mark W. Addicks through your network of contacts.
												








Mark W. Addicks's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Ruby Tuesday, Inc.


Past
To view Mark W. Addicks's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
61

 
 


Mark W. Addicks's Biography



Mr. Addicks formerly served as Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer for General Mills Inc., where he was responsible for global brand-building strategy, including advertising, promotions, public relations, design, packaging, online, licensing and multicultural initiatives. He also oversaw the company's well-known Box Tops for Education program and the Pillsbury Bake-Off Contest. Mr. Addicks joined General Mills in 1988 and held marketing positions in various divisions. He led highly successful new product development efforts and received numerous industry awards for his innovation and marketing expertise. Before joining General Mill ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Addicks formerly served as Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer for General Mills Inc., where he was responsible for global brand-building strategy, including advertising, promotions, public relations, design, packaging, online, licensing and multicultural initiatives. He also oversaw the company's well-known Box Tops for Education program and the Pillsbury Bake-Off Contest. Mr. Addicks joined General Mills in 1988 and held marketing positions in various divisions. He led highly successful new product development efforts and received numerous industry awards for his innovation and marketing expertise. Before joining General Mills, he led marketing communication programs for Anderson, Clayton & Company, a diversified foods company based in Houston. During the same period, he started and managed three entrepreneurial businesses in Houston. He holds a bachelor's degree from the University of Texas and an MBA from Harvard University. In addition, he has been invited as a guest lecturer at some of the nation's leading business programs, including Harvard, Tuck and the University of Chicago. 



Skills and Qualifications: 

-Management, leadership and strategy - Experience as a member of senior management team at an international packaged goods producer. 

-Marketing and consumer experience - Extensive marketing experience as chief marketing officer for General Mills. Serves currently as a Professor of Marketing Innovation at the Opus School of Business at the University of St. Thomas, Minnesota.
		
Source: Ruby Tuesday, Inc. on 08/26/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Mark W. Addicks's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Mark W. Addicks. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Mark W. Addicks's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Mark W. Addicks's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Mark W. Addicks through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Mark W. Addicks


















Mark W. Addicks's Connections (122)





Sign up now to view Mark W. Addicks's 122 connections »









Stephen A. Odland
Board Member, General Mills, Inc.









Heidi G. Miller
Board Member, General Mills, Inc.









Roger W. Ferguson
Board Member, International Flavors & Fragrances Inc.









Robert L. Ryan
Board Member, General Mills, Inc.









Maria G. Henry
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Kimberly-Clark Corporation









David M. Cordani
Dir., Chief Executive Officer and President, Cigna









Andrew S. Duff
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Piper Jaffray Companies









R. Kerry Clark
Board Member, Textron Inc.









Bradbury H. Anderson
Board Member, General Mills, Inc.









Stephen I. Sadove
Chairman of the Board, Ruby Tuesday, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Carl G. Annessa
EVP and COO, Hornbeck Offshore Services, Inc.












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













 



Ruby Tuesday Appoints Mark W. Addicks and Donald E. Hess to the Board of Directors | Business Wire
























































Ruby Tuesday Appoints Mark W. Addicks and Donald E. Hess to the Board 
      of Directors






April 09, 2014 04:53 PM Eastern Daylight Time



MARYVILLE, Tenn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Ruby Tuesday, Inc. (NYSE: RT) today announced the appointments of Mark 
      W. Addicks and Donald E. Hess to its Board of Directors effective April 
      9, 2014. Mr. Addicks serves as Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing 
      Officer for General Mills Inc. (NYSE: GIS). Mr. Hess most recently 
      served as the Lead Director on the board of Saks Incorporated.
    


      “I am excited to welcome both Mark and Donald to our Board of 
      Directors,” said Chairman, President and CEO JJ Buettgen. “They bring a 
      wealth of marketing, strategic, and executive experience that will 
      further strengthen our board, and I know they will make significant 
      contributions as we continue our strategy to reposition the Ruby Tuesday 
      brand to a more casual, energetic, and broadly-appealing brand.”
    

      As Chief Marketing Officer at General Mills, Mr. Addicks is responsible 
      for global brand-building strategy, including advertising, promotions, 
      public relations, and multicultural initiatives. He also oversees the 
      company’s well-known Box Tops for Education program and the Pillsbury 
      Bake-Off Contest. Mr. Addicks joined General Mills in 1988, and has 
      since held marketing positions in various divisions. He has led highly 
      successful new product development efforts and has received numerous 
      industry awards for his innovation and marketing expertise. Mr. Addicks 
      was named Chief Marketing Officer in 2004 and assumed his current 
      position in 2007. He holds a bachelor’s degree from the University of 
      Texas and an MBA from Harvard University.
    

      Mr. Hess, who was President and CEO of Parisian, Inc. as well as a 
      member on the board of directors of Proffitt’s and Saks Inc., has 
      extensive experience in the retail industry. As President and CEO of 
      Parisian, a department store chain with stores primarily in the 
      southeast, Mr. Hess was instrumental in establishing and executing an 
      expansion strategy leading to significant growth for the company. In 
      addition to his executive leadership and strategic vision, Mr. Hess also 
      oversaw the merchandising and marketing function for the company. When 
      Parisian sold to Proffitt’s, which was later purchased by Saks, Mr. Hess 
      served on the boards of each. Mr. Hess is also the CEO of Southwood 
      Partners, a private investment company, and is engaged in regional, 
      national, and international philanthropic organizations. Mr. Hess holds 
      a bachelor’s degree from Dartmouth College.
    

      ABOUT RUBY TUESDAY
    

      Ruby Tuesday, Inc. has 755 Company-owned, operated, and/or franchised 
      Ruby Tuesday brand restaurants in 45 states, the District of 
      Columbia, 11 foreign countries, and Guam, in addition to 28 
      Company-owned and/or franchised Lime Fresh brand restaurants in five 
      states, the District of Columbia, and one foreign country. As of March 
      4, 2014, we owned and operated 679 Ruby Tuesday restaurants and 
      franchised 76 Ruby Tuesday restaurants, comprised of 31 domestic and 45 
      international restaurants. We also owned and operated 20 Lime Fresh 
      restaurants and franchised eight Lime Fresh restaurants, comprised of 
      six domestic and two international restaurants. Our Company-owned and 
      operated restaurants are concentrated primarily in the Southeast, 
      Northeast, Mid-Atlantic, and Midwest of the United States, which we 
      consider to be our core markets.
    

      Ruby Tuesday, Inc. is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (Symbol: RT).
    

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information


This press release contains various forward-looking statements, which 
      represent our expectations or beliefs concerning future events, 
      including one or more of the following: future financial 
      performance, future capital expenditures, the effect of strategic 
      initiatives (including cost-cutting initiatives), sales of our real 
      estate, future borrowings and repayments of debt, availability of 
      financing on terms attractive to the Company, compliance with financial 
      covenants in our debt instruments, restaurant growth (both Company-owned 
      and franchised), payment of dividends, stock and bond repurchases, 
      restaurant acquisitions, and changes in senior management and in the 
      Board of Directors. We caution the reader that a number of 
      important factors and uncertainties could, individually or in the 
      aggregate, cause our actual results to differ materially from those 
      included in the forward-looking statements (such statements include, but 
      are not limited to, statements relating to cost savings that we estimate 
      may result from any programs we implement, our estimates of future 
      capital spending, our targets for annual growth in same-restaurant sales 
      and average annual sales per restaurant, and the benefits of our 
      television marketing), including, without limitation, the following: 
      general economic conditions; changes in promotional, couponing and 
      advertising strategies; changes in our customers’ disposable income; 
      consumer spending trends and habits; increased competition in the 
      restaurant market; laws and regulations affecting labor and employee 
      benefit costs, including further potential increases in state and 
      federally mandated minimum wages, and healthcare reform; customers’ 
      acceptance of changes in menu items; changes in the availability and 
      cost of capital; potential limitations imposed by debt covenants under 
      our debt instruments; mall-traffic trends; weather conditions in the 
      regions in which Company-owned and franchised restaurants are operated; 
      costs and availability of food and beverage inventory; our ability to 
      attract and retain qualified managers, franchisees and team members; 
      impact of adoption of new accounting standards; impact of food-borne 
      illnesses resulting from an outbreak at either one of our restaurant 
      concepts or other competing restaurant concepts; effects of actual or 
      threatened future terrorist attacks in the United States; and 
      significant fluctuations in energy prices.





Contacts

Ruby Tuesday, Inc.Ramona Seale, 865-379-5700
    















Contacts

Ruby Tuesday, Inc.Ramona Seale, 865-379-5700
    






 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up

























 




Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















RT Mark W. Addicks Insider Trades for Ruby Tuesday Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Ruby Tuesday Inc.

                  NYSE: RT
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Ruby Tuesday Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 25, 2017, 5:09 p.m.


RT

/quotes/zigman/159336/composite


$
2.13




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 2,008
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/159336/composite
Today's close

$
			2.00
		


$
				2.13
			
Change

+0.13
+6.50%





Day low
Day high
$1.96
$2.19










52 week low
52 week high

            $1.69
        

            $4.17
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Mark W. Addicks



Mr. Mark W. Addicks is Non-Independent Director at Ruby Tuesday, Inc. He is on the Board of Directors at Ruby Tuesday, Inc., The Advertising Council, Inc., and The Big Know, Inc.
Mr. Addicks was previously employed as Chief Marketing Officer & Senior Vice President by General Mills, Inc.
He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Texas and an MBA from Harvard University.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





10/05/2016
36,437


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/06/2015
14,241


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


10/08/2014
15,517


 
Award at $0 per share.


0





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Dr. Stephen I. Sadove 
Non-Executive Chairman




Mr. James F. Hyatt 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Ms. Sue  Briley 
Chief Financial Officer




Mr. Michael K. Ellis 
Chief Development Officer




Mr. F. Lane Cardwell 
Director




Mr. David  Skena 
Chief Marketing Officer




Mr. Franklin E. Southall 
Chief Accounting Officer, VP & Controller




Mr. Thomas  Williams 
Chief People Officer




Ms. Rhonda J. Parish 
Secretary & Chief Legal Officer




Mr. Donald E. Hess 
Independent Director




Mr. Mark W. Addicks 
Independent Director




Mr. Kevin T. Clayton 
Independent Director




Mr. Jeffrey J. O'Neill 
Independent Director




Mr. Bernard  Lanigan 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:22 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:20pPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
7:47pAMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
7:40pAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
7:29pHow about never? Avoid taking meetings with these troublesome co-workers 
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:46pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
6:45pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
5:24pMcCain Returns to Senate With Strong Comments on Health Care
5:24pUniversal Health Services shares drop on earnings, outlook
5:15pHealth-Care Debate Moves Forward in Senate
5:15pHere’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































Executive Profile | General Mills Inc. | Mark W. Addicks | Customer Intelligence

































































                    Home
                  



					About Us	
                  



					Pricing	
                  



					Contact	
                  



					Resources	
                  



					Blog	
                  



Log In















 











Mark W. Addicks 

		
		Former SVP and CMO, 

	
		 General Mills Inc. 	

 
Last Updated: 11/06/2014 



Executive Summary
Addicks made headlines in 2008 when he revealed he relied on a group of imaginary friends to help him market for General Mills. He used the concept of "brand champions," or characters created around different General Mills products to typify the model consumer. Addicks, who ushered Frosted Cheerios into the marketplace in the mid-1990& 
Personal Attributes and Interests

Addicks graduated Phi Beta Kappa from the University of Texas.
Harvard Business School, The Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth and the University of Chicago have all hosted Addicks for seminars and discussions. 
Biographical Highlights

Obtained a B.A. in Government from the University of Texas (1978), and an M.B.A. from Harvard University’s Graduate School of Business (1988)
Adjunct Professor, Marketing, Graduate School of Business, St. Thomas Universit 
Other Boards and Organizations

Member, Board of Directors, Artspace Projects Inc.
Member, Board of Directors, Minnesota AIDS Project (2008-Present) 
 





These companies are using Boardroom Insiders to close bigger deals, faster:























View Full Samples Now!














			WATCH OUR VIDEO
			



















© 2017 Boardroom Insiders, Inc. All rights reserved. 
All trademarks are the property of their respective owners.


Privacy Policy
Contact Us
















