[{"ArticleUrl":"http:\/\/www.bing.com\/news\/apiclick.aspx?ref=BDIGeneric&aid=5021FF6D1971DEF2E613F5DAD265192472D38E86&tid=E3BA6059869C41B1806D541DC3735755&url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.nasdaq.com%2fpress-release%2fadesto-technologies-to-announce-second-quarter-2017-financial-results-on-august-3-20170721-00506&c=1772223115430332333&mkt=en-us","PublishTime":"4 days ago","Source":"NASDAQ","Title":"Adesto Technologies to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on August 3","LtUpDtTm":"\/Date(-62104060800000+0000)\/","PbTmStp":"\/Date(-62104060800000+0000)\/","ProviderLogoUrl":null,"PublishTimeRaw":1.314511578E+17,"Snippet":"Santa Clara, Calif., July 21, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Adesto Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:IOTS), a leading provider of application-specific, ultra-low power non-volatile memory products, today announced it will release second quarter 2017 financial ..."},{"ArticleUrl":"http:\/\/www.bing.com\/news\/apiclick.aspx?ref=BDIGeneric&aid=5021FF6D1971DEF2E613F5DAD265192472D38E86&tid=E3BA6059869C41B1806D541DC3735755&url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.morningstar.com%2fnews%2fglobe-news-wire%2fGNW_6876777%2fadesto-technologies-to-announce-second-quarter-2017-financial-results-on-august-3.html&c=14779300838280531075&mkt=en-us","PublishTime":"4 days ago","Source":"Morning Star","Title":"Adesto Technologies to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on August 3","LtUpDtTm":"\/Date(-62104060800000+0000)\/","PbTmStp":"\/Date(-62104060800000+0000)\/","ProviderLogoUrl":null,"PublishTimeRaw":1.31451012E+17,"Snippet":"Santa Clara, Calif., July 21, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Adesto Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:IOTS), a leading provider of application-specific, ultra-low power non-volatile memory products, today announced it will release second quarter 2017 financial ..."},{"ArticleUrl":"http:\/\/www.bing.com\/news\/apiclick.aspx?ref=BDIGeneric&aid=5021FF6D1971DEF2E613F5DAD265192472D38E86&tid=E3BA6059869C41B1806D541DC3735755&url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.bloomberg.com%2fresearch%2fstocks%2fprivate%2fsnapshot.asp%3fprivcapId%3d34277996&c=14143903440092387655&mkt=en-us","PublishTime":"11 days ago","Source":"Bloomberg","Title":"Company Overview of Adesto Technologies Corporation","LtUpDtTm":"\/Date(-62104060800000+0000)\/","PbTmStp":"\/Date(-62104060800000+0000)\/","ProviderLogoUrl":null,"PublishTimeRaw":1.314444198E+17,"Snippet":"Adesto Technologies Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides application-specific and ultra-low power non-volatile memory products. The company offers standard serial flash products, including DataFlash for data-logging applications, such as ..."},{"ArticleUrl":"http:\/\/www.bing.com\/news\/apiclick.aspx?ref=BDIGeneric&aid=5021FF6D1971DEF2E613F5DAD265192472D38E86&tid=E3BA6059869C41B1806D541DC3735755&url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.morningstar.com%2fnews%2fglobe-news-wire%2fGNW_6873453%2fadesto-technologies-introduces-new-solution-to-enable-smart-home-products.html&c=8219649768348524786&mkt=en-us","PublishTime":"13 days ago","Source":"Morning Star","Title":"Adesto Technologies Introduces New Solution to Enable Smart Home Products","LtUpDtTm":"\/Date(-62104060800000+0000)\/","PbTmStp":"\/Date(-62104060800000+0000)\/","ProviderLogoUrl":null,"PublishTimeRaw":1.31443236E+17,"Snippet":"SANTA CLARA, Calif., July 12, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Adesto Technologies (NASDAQ:IOTS), a leading provider of application-specific, ultra-low power non-volatile memory products, today announced the DataFlash-L series, a new family of memory products ..."},{"ArticleUrl":"http:\/\/www.bing.com\/news\/apiclick.aspx?ref=BDIGeneric&aid=5021FF6D1971DEF2E613F5DAD265192472D38E86&tid=E3BA6059869C41B1806D541DC3735755&url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.nasdaq.com%2fpress-release%2fadesto-technologies-introduces-new-solution-to-enable-smart-home-products-20170712-00598&c=17111145396129841613&mkt=en-us","PublishTime":"13 days ago","Source":"NASDAQ","Title":"Adesto Technologies Introduces New Solution to Enable Smart Home Products","LtUpDtTm":"\/Date(-62104060800000+0000)\/","PbTmStp":"\/Date(-62104060800000+0000)\/","ProviderLogoUrl":null,"PublishTimeRaw":1.31443236E+17,"Snippet":"SANTA CLARA, Calif., July 12, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Adesto Technologies (NASDAQ:IOTS), a leading provider of application-specific, ultra-low power non-volatile memory products, today announced the DataFlash-L series, a new family of memory products ..."},{"ArticleUrl":"http:\/\/www.bing.com\/news\/apiclick.aspx?ref=BDIGeneric&aid=5021FF6D1971DEF2E613F5DAD265192472D38E86&tid=E3BA6059869C41B1806D541DC3735755&url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.businesswire.com%2fnews%2fhome%2f20170724006188%2fen%2fAdesto-RM24C512CC-BRAM-memory-Complete-Cost-Analysis%2f%3ffeedref%3dJjAwJuNHiystnCoBq_hl-Q-tiwWZwkcswR1UZtV7eGe24xL9TZOyQUMS3J72mJlQ7fxFuNFTHSunhvli30RlBNXya2izy9YOgHlBiZQk2LOzmn6JePCpHPCiYGaEx4DL1Rq8pNwkf3AarimpDzQGuQ%3d%3d&c=403305201147498180&mkt=en-us","PublishTime":"17 hours ago","Source":"Business Wire","Title":"Adesto RM24C512CC BRAM memory Complete Cost Analysis Report 2017 - Research and Markets","LtUpDtTm":"\/Date(-62104060800000+0000)\/","PbTmStp":"\/Date(-62104060800000+0000)\/","ProviderLogoUrl":null,"PublishTimeRaw":1.314540072E+17,"Snippet":"Therefore, alternative Non-Volatile Memory (NVM) is needed, like the Conductive-Bridging Random Access Memory (CBRAM®) from Adesto Technologies. The memory die comes in Narrow Small Outline Integrated Circuit (SOIC) packaging. We have analyzed devices ..."},{"ArticleUrl":"http:\/\/www.bing.com\/news\/apiclick.aspx?ref=BDIGeneric&aid=5021FF6D1971DEF2E613F5DAD265192472D38E86&tid=E3BA6059869C41B1806D541DC3735755&url=http%3a%2f%2fthenewsreports.com%2fadesto-technologies-to-announce-second-quarter-2017-financial-results-on-august-3%2f28971%2fstaff&c=7967937277376103716&mkt=en-us","PublishTime":"4 days ago","Source":"thenewsreports.com","Title":"Adesto Technologies to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on August 3","LtUpDtTm":"\/Date(-62104060800000+0000)\/","PbTmStp":"\/Date(-62104060800000+0000)\/","ProviderLogoUrl":null,"PublishTimeRaw":1.31451012E+17,"Snippet":"Santa Clara, Calif., July 21, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Adesto Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:IOTS), a leading provider of application-specific, ultra-low power non-volatile memory products, today announced it will release second quarter 2017 financial ..."},{"ArticleUrl":"http:\/\/www.bing.com\/news\/apiclick.aspx?ref=BDIGeneric&aid=5021FF6D1971DEF2E613F5DAD265192472D38E86&tid=E3BA6059869C41B1806D541DC3735755&url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.4-traders.com%2fADESTO-TECHNOLOGIES-CORP-24446317%2f&c=16793726060899294808&mkt=en-us","PublishTime":"6 days ago","Source":"4 Traders","Thumbnail":{"Height":280,"Url":"http:\/\/www.bing.com\/th?id=ON.CFF6807F7B56E488C21059D9A283DB23&pid=News&sz=280x280","Width":280},"Title":"ADESTO TECHNOLOGIES CORP (IOTS)","LtUpDtTm":"\/Date(-62104060800000+0000)\/","PbTmStp":"\/Date(-62104060800000+0000)\/","ProviderLogoUrl":null,"PublishTimeRaw":1.314494088E+17,"Snippet":"07\/12 Adesto Technologies Introduces New Solution to Enable Smart Home .. 06\/30 ADESTO TECHNOLO: Announces Exercise of Over-Allotment Option By Und.. 06\/29 Adesto Technologies Announces Exercise of Over-Allotment Option B.. Adesto Technologies Corp ..."},{"ArticleUrl":"http:\/\/www.bing.com\/news\/apiclick.aspx?ref=BDIGeneric&aid=5021FF6D1971DEF2E613F5DAD265192472D38E86&tid=E3BA6059869C41B1806D541DC3735755&url=https%3a%2f%2famigobulls.com%2fstocks%2fIOTS%2fbalance-sheet%2fannual&c=870716301881185953&mkt=en-us","PublishTime":"6 days ago","Source":"amigobulls.com","Title":"Adesto Technologies Balance Sheet - Annual (NASDAQ:IOTS)","LtUpDtTm":"\/Date(-62104060800000+0000)\/","PbTmStp":"\/Date(-62104060800000+0000)\/","ProviderLogoUrl":null,"PublishTimeRaw":1.3144896E+17,"Snippet":"A balance sheet is one of the three key financial statements released by a publicly listed company like Adesto Technologies, and helps in stock analysis. Financial strength can be guaged by performing Adesto Technologies stock analysis and by analyzing the ..."},{"ArticleUrl":"http:\/\/www.bing.com\/news\/apiclick.aspx?ref=BDIGeneric&aid=5021FF6D1971DEF2E613F5DAD265192472D38E86&tid=E3BA6059869C41B1806D541DC3735755&url=https%3a%2f%2fmysmahome.com%2fnews%2f37930%2fadesto-technologies-introduces-new-solution-enable-smart-home-products%2f&c=5475881837558038582&mkt=en-us","PublishTime":"7 days ago","Source":"mysmahome.com","Title":"Adesto Technologies Introduces New Solution to Enable Smart Home Products","LtUpDtTm":"\/Date(-62104060800000+0000)\/","PbTmStp":"\/Date(-62104060800000+0000)\/","ProviderLogoUrl":null,"PublishTimeRaw":1.31448096E+17,"Snippet":"Adesto Technologies has announced the DataFlash-L series, a new family of memory products targeting a variety of smart home applications. The new memory is said to provide better power management and system efficiency. Designed for low power operation and ..."}]







 IOTS - Stock quote for Adesto Technologies Corp - MSN Money















msn  back to msn home

money










web search














Sign in








Change language & content:

América Latina (español)
Argentina (español)
Australia (English)
België (Nederlands)
Belgique (français)
Brasil (português)
Canada (English)
Canada (français)
Chile (español)
Colombia (español)
Danmark (Dansk)
Deutschland (Deutsch)
España (español)
France (français)
India (English)
Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia)
Ireland (English)
Italia (italiano)
Malaysia (English)
México (español)
Nederland (Nederlands)
New Zealand (English)
Norge (norsk, bokmål)
Österreich (Deutsch)
Perú (español)
Philippines (English)
Polska (polski)
Portugal (Português)
Schweiz (Deutsch)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Suisse (français)
Suomi (suomi)
Sverige (svenska)
Türkiye (Türkçe)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
United States (English)
United States (español)
Venezuela (español)
Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt)
Ελλάδα (ελληνικά)
Россия (Pусский)
ישראל (עברית)‏
الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏)
المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏)
مصر (العربية‏)
ไทย (ไทย)
한국 (한국어)
中华人民共和国 (简体中文)
台灣 (繁體中文)
日本 (日本語)
香港特别行政區 (繁體中文)



Switch to Latino (Español)



 Feedback



Help






























AdChoices














Adesto Technologies Corp
NASDAQ: IOTS



US Markets Open










AdChoices








4.85


▼


-0.10
-2.02%



After Hours : 
-
-
-



 July 24, 2017 4:00 PM EDT. BATS BZX Real-Time Last Price. Currency In USD                
















Save














            Summary
        



            Financials
        



            Analysis
        



            Options
        



            Ownership
        



            Company
        



            History
        



            Related
        


















































Open
4.95


Previous Close
4.95


Volume (Avg) 
34.60k (73.55k)


Day's Range
4.85-5.00


52Wk Range
1.50-5.80


Market Cap.
101.07M


Dividend Rate ( Yield)
-


Beta
-


Shares Outstanding
20.84M


P/E Ratio (EPS)
-









Recent News







Adesto Technologies to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on August 3

                            
                            NASDAQ
                        
4 days ago






Adesto Technologies to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on August 3

                            
                            Morning Star
                        
4 days ago






Company Overview of Adesto Technologies Corporation

                            
                            Bloomberg
                        
7/13/2017






Adesto Technologies Introduces New Solution to Enable Smart Home Products

                            
                            Morning Star
                        
7/12/2017






Adesto Technologies Introduces New Solution to Enable Smart Home Products

                            
                            NASDAQ
                        
7/12/2017






Adesto RM24C512CC BRAM memory Complete Cost Analysis Report 2017 - Research and Markets

                            
                            Business Wire
                        
17 hrs ago








Adesto Technologies to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on August 3

                            
                            thenewsreports.com
                        
4 days ago





 
ADESTO TECHNOLOGIES CORP (IOTS)

                            
                            4 Traders
                        
6 days ago






Adesto Technologies Balance Sheet - Annual (NASDAQ:IOTS)

                            
                            amigobulls.com
                        
6 days ago






Adesto Technologies Introduces New Solution to Enable Smart Home Products

                            
                            mysmahome.com
                        
7/18/2017






Adesto Technologies Corporation (IOTS) Receives An Update From Brokers

                            
                            desotoedge.com
                        
7/17/2017






Advanced Solid State Memory Systems Market to Witness Robust Expansion by 2021

                            
                            mynewsdesk.com
                        
7/17/2017








Adesto Technologies Corporation (NASDAQ:IOTS) Upgraded to Hold at ValuEngine

                            
                            Breeze
                        
7/17/2017






Unum Group (NYSE:UNM) Receives An Update From Brokers

                            
                            desotoedge.com
                        
7/13/2017






Adesto Technologies Annual Income Statement (NASDAQ:IOTS)

                            
                            amigobulls.com
                        
7/13/2017






Adesto Technologies Introduces New Solution to Enable Smart Home Products

                            
                            investingnews.com
                        
7/12/2017






Adesto Technologies Introduces New Solution to Enable Smart Home Products

                            
                            GlobeNewswire
                        
7/12/2017






Adesto Technologies Introduces New Solution to Enable Smart Home Products

                            
                            Financial Content
                        
7/12/2017























AdChoices
















AdChoices

















AdChoices




















Markets











DOW

DOW



▲

21,640.28


+127.11
+0.59%













Last updated time
7/25/2017 9:36 AM EDT







Markets





NASDAQ

NASDAQ



▼

6,409.03




-1.78
-0.03%










FTSE 100

FTSE 100



▲

7,445.30




+67.57
+0.92%










NYSE Composite

NYSE Composite



▼

11,904.71




-19.89
-0.17%



















AdChoices
















                Feedback
            







Send Feedback
Provide Feedback
Report a Problem


We appreciate your input!



Select a category:

I'm having problems with Top Destinations
I'm having issues searching
I'm having problems with Featured Apps
I see an error in the content
Other



How we can improve?





Please give an overall site rating:









Submit
Close


Privacy Statement


Help


Help & Support



 











 






Adesto














































 






 





 

Inventing Memory for ThingsIntroducing EcoXiP™The ultimate memory solution for intelligent IoT devicesEcoXiP is a new eXecute-in-Place (XiP) non-volatile memory (NVM) that replaces expensive, energy-inefficient architectures, making power and performance trade-offs unnecessary in a wide range of connected devices. EcoXiP more than doubles processor performance, lowers system power consumption and reduces system cost.LEARN MOREIntroducing Moneta™The world’s lowest power non-volatile memoryMoneta is a discrete, ultra low power memory solution, designed to reduce overall system energy in connected devices. With the ability to perform read and write operations at 50-100x lower power  than competitive solutions, Moneta memory can extend battery life or enable IoT nodes  for battery-free operation.Learn MoreLow Energy Non-Volatile MemoryFor wearable, wireless, energy-conscious applications.Watches, fitness trackers, health monitors, and whatever comes next. From medical devices to exercise tracking, smart sensors need low power non-volatile memory to extend battery life, and reduce the need to recharge. Learn MoreCode & Data StorageFor the Internet of ThingsWe’ve seen revolutions in connected computers and connected people. Next up: connected Things. Adesto’s breakthrough serial memory technology drives down energy use and provides smart, application-specific solutions for the next generation of sensors for an always-on, everywhere-connected world.Learn MoreLow Energy Non-Volatile MemoryFor connected, wireless, energy-conscious applications.In a world of gadgets, we believe that the world should spend less time charging devices and changing batteries. That’s why we offer a range of application-specific low power serial memory solutions for virtually every kind of consumer device.Learn MoreLow Energy Non-Volatile MemoryFor secure, low energy industrial applications.Wireless networks and environmental sensors are radically transforming the industrial landscape, helping businesses save money, increase output, and anticipate problems. Adesto’s breakthrough non-volatile memories drive down energy use and provide smart, application-specific solutions for data-logging, reference tables, over-the-air factory updates and other data storage and code shadowing priorities.Learn MoreLow Energy Non-Volatile MemoryFor connected, wireless, energy-conscious applications.Adesto’s breakthrough memory technology drives down device energy consumption and provides smart, application-specific solutions for the next generation of long-life sensors. We provide memory for appliances, sensors, monitors and other energy-efficient devices that can extend battery life, for a low-maintenance, connected home.Learn More
INTRODUCING ECOXIP | Featured ProductsEcoXiPSystem Accelerating Non-volatile MemoryLearn MoreLinley Group ReportNew EcoXiP Memory Simplifies IoT Design Learn MoreIntroducing Moneta | Featured ProductsMoneta Ultra Low Power NVMThe world’s lowest power non-volatile memoryLearn MoreHealth & Fitness | Featured ProductsDataFlash® E-SeriesLow Power, Wide Vcc Memory with Smart FeaturesLearn MoreFusion Serial FlashLow Power, Wide Vcc MemoryLearn MoreMavriq™Fast, Ultra Low Energy Serial MemoryLearn MoreThe Internet of Things | Featured ProductsDataFlash® E-SeriesLow Power, Wide Vcc Memory with Smart FeaturesLearn MoreFusion Serial FlashLow Power, Wide Vcc MemoryLearn MoreMavriq™Fast, Ultra Low Energy Serial MemoryLearn MoreConsumer Electronics | Featured ProductsDataFlash® E-SeriesLow Power, Wide Vcc Memory with Smart FeaturesLearn MoreFusion Serial FlashLow Power, Wide Vcc Memory Learn MoreMavriq™Fast, Ultra Low Energy Serial MemoryLearn MoreIndustrial Applications | Featured ProductsDataFlash® E-SeriesLow Power, Wide Vcc Memory with Smart FeaturesLearn MoreFusion Serial FlashLow Power, Wide Vcc MemoryLearn MoreMavriq™Fast, Ultra Low Energy Serial MemoryLearn MoreHome Automation | Featured ProductsDataFlash® E-SeriesLow Power, Wide Vcc Memory with Smart FeaturesLearn MoreMavriq™Fast, Ultra Low Energy Serial MemoryLearn MoreFusion Serial FlashLow Power, Wide Vcc MemoryLearn More 






						About Adesto					
Adesto Technologies (NASDAQ:IOTS) is a leading provider of application-specific, ultra-low power, smart non-volatile memory products. The company has designed and built a portfolio of innovative products with intelligent features to conserve energy and enhance performance, including Fusion Serial Flash, DataFlash®, EcoXiP™ and products based on its trademark resistive RAM technology called Conductive Bridging RAM (CBRAM®). 


							Breakthrough Technology for the IoT						
Conductive Bridging RAM (CBRAM) is a breakthrough Resistive RAM (ReRAM) technology platform that overcomes a critical power barrier for IoT and other energy-conscious devices. Adesto’s Mavriq™ memory, built on ReRAM technology, is adaptable for a broad range of applications–from medical devices and appliances to wearables and smartphones. It enables 10-100 times less energy consumption than today’s leading memory technologies without sacrificing performance and reliability.
Learn More




In the NewsMemory Suits Smart Home Products, ReallyWednesday, July 19, 2017When I first saw this announcement from Adesto Technologies about memory targeting smart-home devices, I have to admit I was somewhat skeptical....Read MoreAdesto Technologies Introduces New Solution to Enable Smart Home ProductsWednesday, July 12, 2017New DataFlash-L memory provides better power management and system efficiency.  Adesto Technologies today announced the DataFlash-L series, a new...Read MoreAdesto Technologies Announces Exercise of Over-Allotment Option By UnderwritersThursday, June 29, 2017Adesto Technologies Corporation today announced that the Underwriters of its previously announced public offering of 4,375,000 shares of common stock...Read More 












 



Consumer Electronics  |  Adesto













































 






 





 



Consumer Electronics

Everyday electronics don’t have to be ordinary.
We live in a world of gadgets. At Adesto, we believe that the world should spend less time charging devices and changing batteries. That’s why we offer a range of application-specific low power memory solutions for every kind of consumer and industrial device. Our DataFlash, Serial Flash, and breakthrough CBRAM technologies offer the highest performance and lowest energy consumption of any comparable memory products on the market.
We’re Adesto. We’re inventing memory for Things.
Click on the products below to learn more about Adesto’s memory solutions. Featured devices include:



DataFlash®128 Byte Unique IDSector Security


Byte WriteWide VCCUltra Deep Power Down


Fusion128 Byte Unique IDLow Energy


Page Write/EraseWide VCCUltra Deep Power Down


Mavriq™ Byte WriteSterilization Tolerant


Ultra Low EnergyUltra Fast WriteWrite Protect of the Entire Array

















 



Leadership  |  Adesto













































 






 




LeadershipPresident & Chief Executive OfficerNarbeh DerhacobianNarbeh Derhacobian is a co-founder, President and CEO of Adesto Technologies. He has over 17 years of industry experience working on discrete and embedded memory technologies. He has held technical and managerial roles at SST, AMD, Virage Logic and Cswitch Corporations. Narbeh’s industrial experiences cover development and commercialization of split-gate NOR flash, ETOX NOR and NAND flash as well as SONOS based MirrorBit NOR flash technologies. He has over 40 granted patents in various areas of semiconductor memories. Narbeh has a PhD in Solid State Physics from UCLA, and an MBA from San Jose State University.Vice President, Business DevelopmentIshai NavehIshai Naveh is a co-founder and the Vice President of Business Development for Adesto Technologies. In his role, he is responsible for forging partnerships, securing licensing agreements and developing new business opportunities. Previously Mr. Naveh, was the VP of Marketing for Non-volatile Memories and Mixed Signal Technologies at Tower Semiconductor USA. Prior to arriving in the USA, he was Senior Director for foundry technologies at Tower. Mr. Naveh began his career at National Semiconductor, holding several positions in the USA and Israel. Mr. Naveh holds a B.Sc. from the Hebrew University and MBA from Heriott-Watt University. He has published several papers and issued over 10 patents.Vice President of EngineeringShane HollmerShane Hollmer is a co-founder of Adesto Technologies and currently serves as their Vice President of Engineering. Mr. Hollmer has more than 19 years of experience in the semiconductor memory industry including engineering and engineering management positions at Advanced Micro Devices, Emosyn, Silicon Storage Technology, and Monolithic Power Systems. Mr. Hollmer earned a B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences from the University of California, Berkeley and a MBA from San Jose State University. Shane holds more than 50 patents the areas of non-volatile memory development and mixed signal design.Chief Financial OfficerRon SheltonRon Shelton is Chief Financial Officer at Adesto Technologies. Mr. Shelton has more than 18 years experience as a Chief Financial Officer for companies ranging from privately held start ups to public companies with revenues in excess of $900 million, including Cirrus Logic, Alliance Semiconductor, GigOptix, Alien Technology and others. During his career Mr. Shelton has successfully completed transactions with an aggregate value in excess of $1 billion, including public and private equity and debt financings, mergers and acquisitions, licensing, joint ventures and divestitures. In addition to finance, at various points in his career Mr. Shelton has directed and managed world wide teams in legal, risk management, human resources and information technology. Ron has a B.A. in Economics from Stanford University.Vice President, Discrete Products GroupJanet WangJanet Wang is Vice President of the Discrete Products Group responsible for Flash memory products production, roadmap, and strategy. Prior to this position, Dr. Wang was Vice President of CBRAM Technology Development responsible for building and leading a world caliber team of engineers and technologists who helped pioneer and introduce the World’s first CBRAM products into the market. Dr. Wang has over 19 years of industry experience spanning product and technology development, strategy and roadmap, manufacturing, and business leadership bringing multiple novel technologies and products to the market. Prior to joining Adesto, she held managerial and engineering positions at Broadcom Corporation, Transmeta Corporation, Advanced Micro Devices, and Aerospace Corporation. Dr. Wang has authored and co-authored over 35 U.S. patents and technical papers. She was awarded the Best Paper at IRPS and has served on various program committees of technical conferences. Dr. Wang received her PhD degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of California, Los Angeles.Vice President,  CBRAM Technology Research and DevelopmentVenkatesh (“P.G.”) GopinathVenkatesh (“P.G.”) Gopinath is Vice President of CBRAM Technology Research and Development. He has over 17 years of industry experience working on novel memory and semiconductor logic technology development and manufacturing. He has held engineering and managerial positions at LSI Logic Corp, Sun Microsystems and Innovative Silicon. PG’s industrial experiences cover development and commercialization of AMG Flash, several logic technology nodes and Z-RAM vertical floating body memory technology. He holds more than 20 patents and has over 40 publications in the areas of semiconductor fabrication, memory and logic technologies. P.G. received his Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering at Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI and an MBA focusing on managing technology and innovation from Santa Clara University, Santa Clara, California.Vice President, Worldwide SalesTom SpadeTom Spade is vice president of worldwide sales, responsible for all customer operations and relationship management, as well as sales and distribution strategies for Adesto. An experienced sales leader, Spade was previously vice president of global sales  at Audience, and at Boston-Power. Prior to that, he served as vice president of global sales at Validity. He also spent nine years at Synaptics, most recently as vice president of worldwide sales, supporting efforts to grow the company from $25MM in revenues, prior to its initial public offering (IPO), to over $300MM.

Earlier in his career, he held senior sales positions at Alliance Semiconductor, Anthem Electronics, Arrow Electronics, and also Andersen Consulting. Spade holds a bachelor's degree in economics and management from Albion College.Vice President, OperationsAdam BadgettAdam Badgett is Vice President of Operations at Adesto, responsible for manufacturing, logistics, and worldwide supply chain management. Mr. Badgett has more than 20 years of semiconductor operations and engineering management experience. Prior to joining Adesto, he was Vice President of Operation at O2Micro, where he was responsible for manufacturing, supply chain, test engineering, and a captive semiconductor test factory. Previous to his role at O2Micro, he held various management and supervisory roles at Alliance Semiconductor. Mr. Badgett received a B.S. degree in Mechanical Engineering and M.S. degree in Engineering-Economic Systems from Stanford University.Chief Technology OfficerGideon IntraterGideon Intrater is Adesto's Chief Technology Officer. He brings more than 30 years of experience in the semiconductor market to his role in the company.  Gideon serves on the Advisory board of Centipede Semi and Think Silicon and was previously a member of the advisory board of Sansa Security (acquired by ARM in July 2015). Previously, Mr. Intrater was Vice President of Marketing at MIPS Technologies (until the company was sold in February 2013). Before joining MIPS, Mr. Intrater was Vice President of Architecture for Symwave, a privately-held supplier of high-performance analog/mixed signal semiconductor solutions for consumer devices. Prior to Symwave, Mr. Intrater held various management positions at MIPS Technologies and National Semiconductor Corporation. Mr. Intrater holds over 30 issued patents. He earned BSEE and MSEE degrees from the Technion, Israel Institute of Technology, and an MBA from San Jose State University.Vice President, MarketingRaphael MehrbiansIn his role as Vice President of Marketing, Raphael Mehrbians is reponsible for positioning the company, its products  and execution of its business strategy. Raphael has more than 25 years of marketing and business management experience spanning early stage startups to $250M+ publicly traded companies.  Prior to joining Adesto, he held leadership roles at Lexar Media, Cirrus Logic and National Semiconductor and Genesis Microchip where he was Sr. Vice President of Product Marketing. Most recently, Raphael was an independent business development and executive management consultant to a variety of companies such as IDT, Pixelworks, InfoNeedle, and Saankhya Labs.  Raphael has M.S. and B.S. degrees in Electrical Engineering from University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.

  











 



About Adesto  |  Adesto













































 






 





 
 


About Adesto
Inventing Memory for Things
Adesto Technologies is the inventor of the world’s lowest power memory solutions; technology innovation that enables a new class of connected applications and previously unimagined devices. Our product portfolio includes DataFlash® memory, Fusion Serial Flash, EcoXiP™ system accelerating memory and Mavriq™ and Moneta™ serial memory devices.
In 2006, the founders of Adesto Technologies set out to build a new company focused on developing innovative, low-power memory solutions based on a promising type of Resistive RAM technology called Conductive Bridging RAM (CBRAM). CBRAM technology is different from other emerging memories in that it can be customized to serve a wide range of applications.  As a standalone memory, commercial products based on CBRAM technology, have inherent advantages over competitive non-volatile memories. Its advantages include ultra low-energy consumption and ultra-fast write capabilities, making it a natural fit for Internet of Things, Wearables, and other energy-conscious applications. 

"Adesto's ultra-low power, 'smart' solutions have inherent advantages over competitive non-volatile memories. These application-specific memories are enabling a new class of connected applications."



In September 2012, Adesto expanded the company’s value-added memory business by acquiring Atmel’s DataFlash and Serial NOR Flash product lines. Since the acquisition, Adesto has enhanced its Serial Flash lines by bringing to market new, low voltage, feature-rich products. These products deliver to customers high quality Serial Flash solutions which help designers to extend battery life, reduce system power, accelerate processor performance and reduce overall system costs.
Value Added Memory Products
Adesto DataFlash and Serial Flash can store any combination of boot code, application code, parametric data and user data in every density from 256Kbit to 128Mbits. DataFlash devices offer uniform page erase size as small as 256 bytes. This provides the user with the ability to perform completely self-contained, read-modify-write operations with minimal system overhead and management.
Our DataFlash products offer byte write capability, dual and quad I/O interfaces, 85 MHz operation, low power read of <10 MHz, zero-power shutdown, 1.6V and 2.3V operation and smart features to improve security and energy efficiency. Targeted for wearable, mobile, and other energy conscious applications, Adesto’s new “Fusion” Serial Flash family enhances Adesto’s existing AT25DF products by combining industry standard sector sizes and read/write commands with new features such as wide Vcc (1.65V-3.6V), “ultra-deep power down” mode, and page erase capability.
Mavriq Serial EEPROM is an ultra-low power, ultra-fast non-volatile serial memory family of products that replace EEPROM devices. Mavriq devices can write up to 200 times faster than competitive technologies, while consuming about 1/3 the current to read and write. Moneta serial memory is the world’s lowest power non-volatile memory commercially available. With a Read Power of 15uW and Standby of 0.09uW, Moneta memory can significantly extend battery life.
EcoXiP is a new eXecute-in-Place (XiP) non-volatile memory (NVM) that replaces expensive, energy-inefficient architectures, making power and performance trade-offs unnecessary in a wide range of connected devices. EcoXiP more than doubles processor performance, lowers system power consumption and reduces system cost compared to standard serial peripheral interface (SPI) devices.
Together, Adesto’s complementary technologies offer designers a wide variety of solutions for low-energy storage. With these features, Adesto memories can extend the life of battery-operated and other energy-conscious devices such as Bluetooth low energy (BLE) products, DECT ULE (Ultra Low Energy), ZigBee RF4CE, Z-Wave and other Wi-Fi and Wi-Fi Direct applications.













 



Terms & Conditions  |  Adesto














































 






 





Terms & Conditions

Adesto Terms and Conditions of Sale    
1. OFFER AND ACCEPTANCE
These terms and conditions of sale are the exclusive binding agreement (“Agreement”) between the purchaser of Adesto’s products (the “Buyer”) and Adesto Technologies (“Adesto”) for the sale by Adesto and purchase by Buyer of Adesto products ordered by Buyer (“Products”) unless otherwise agreed in a separate written agreement signed by both Adesto and Buyer. Adesto offers to sell products solely on these terms and conditions and this order can only be accepted on this terms and conditions contained in this Agreement. Any additional or different terms and/or conditions contained in Buyer’s documents (including purchase orders) that add to, vary from or are inconsistent with the terms of these Terms and Conditions (the “Terms”), are hereby deemed to be material alterations and Adesto hereby objects and gives notice of objection to, and hereby rejects such additional or different terms and/or conditions. Adesto’s performance under any terms and conditions in Buyer’s documents will not be deemed Adesto’s acceptance of the additional or different terms or waiver of any of these Terms. Acceptance of or payment for any Products by Buyer will constitute Buyer’s assent to and acceptance of these Terms.
2. PRICES
All prices are based on, and payment will be due in, US Dollars. The price for the Products under this Agreement are those prices on Adesto’s applicable price list or schedule, or if Buyer has been provided a written quote, then the Adesto written quote will be the price for the Products; provided, however, if Adesto’s quoted price is based on the purchase of a particular quantity of Products within a specified period and Buyer fails to purchase such quantity during the specified period, Adesto (in addition to any other remedies available at law) may collect from Buyer the difference between the price Buyer paid for the Products purchased and the price that Adesto would otherwise charge for the quantity of such Products actually purchased.  Price for the Product is for the Product only and does not include, any duties, licenses, or levies imposed on the production, storage, sale, transfer (including VAT), return or delivery of the Product (“Taxes”) or shipping, freight, handling, insurance, loading or other charges and fees applicable to the sale of Products or performance of any services related to such Products (“Services”).  Buyer may provide Adesto with the appropriate documentation, in Adesto’s sole opinion, to support any tax exemption for the Products. If the price of fuel, metals, spare parts, consumables, chemicals or other raw materials or other production costs increases significantly, Adesto may impose a reasonable surcharge for all affected Products.
3. TERMS OF PAYMENT
(a) All payments are due and payable in full, without right of offset, thirty (30) days from the date of Adesto’s invoice which may be provided at any time on or after the shipping of the Products. Buyer will make payments at the address or to the bank account specified in Adesto’s invoice or other documentation provided to Buyer in immediately available funds. If Products covered by these Terms are not delivered or performed at one time, Buyer will pay for the aggregate quantity of Products. Each shipment will be considered a separate and independent transaction, and may be charged under one or more invoices or in the aggregate.  All amounts past due are subject to a late payment charge at the rate of 1.5% per month or the highest rate permitted by law, whichever is less, to accrue on the unpaid balance on a monthly basis.
(b)  Adesto requires the disclosure and approval of Buyer’s financials prior to extending any credit to Buyer for purchase of Products. Adesto may, at any time and at its sole discretion, change or withdraw such credit, for any reason or no reason. If Adesto accordingly changes or withdraws credit, Adesto may require other terms and/or conditions or security arrangements from Buyer or its Affiliates as Adesto, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or appropriate. Adesto will be excused from performance under this Agreement without any liability to Adesto if Adesto changes or withdraws credit hereunder or Buyer does not agree to other payment terms and conditions as Adesto deems appropriate.  For the purposes of these Terms, the term “Affiliate” of either party means any person or entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such party. As used herein, the term “control” (including the terms “controlling”, “controlled by” and “under common control with”) means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the party, whether through ownership of voting securities or other interests, by contract or otherwise.
4.  ADESTO SECURITY INTEREST.
This Agreement is intended to be a security agreement pursuant to the Uniform Commercial Code (the “UCC”), as amended from time to time.  Buyer hereby grants, and will perfect such grant, to Adesto a first priority security interest (which will be considered a fixed charge), mortgage and lien in and to any Products sold for the period commencing on the date the Products are duly delivered by Adesto to Buyer or its designees hereunder until the date that payment of the invoiced amount has been made by Buyer and received in full by Adesto. Upon Buyer’s breach of any term in these Terms, Adesto will have the rights and remedies of a senior secured creditor under the UCC or any other applicable law, including foreign equivalents thereof.  Buyer will not, without Adesto’s prior written consent, relocate, encumber, pledge, transfer, sell, distribute, lease or grant a lien or mortgage or grant or create any additional security interest, in the Products until invoiced amounts are paid and received in full. Upon default of Buyer under any term hereunder, Adesto may pursue all rights and remedies of a senior secured creditor available under the UCC or other applicable law, including foreign equivalents thereof.  Buyer will make Products available so that Adesto can repossess and reclaim the Products without breach of peace and otherwise foreclose, enforce and execute its security interest, mortgage or lien, as applicable under relevant law. Buyer agrees Adesto may file any financing statements and amendments thereto (including any UCC filings) as Adesto deems necessary or appropriate to protect its rights and interest in the Products and to effectuate the purposes of this Section 4.  Adesto may file a copy of the invoice or any other documents with appropriate authorities at any time as a financing statement or any other filing as contemplated herein. Upon Adesto’s request, Buyer will execute any documents and extend full cooperation and assistance to perfect Adesto’s security interest in any Products.
5. TITLE, ACCEPTANCE AND DELIVERY
(a) Unless otherwise provided in Adesto’s quote or invoice to Buyer, all delivery and shipments by Adesto are EXW Adesto’s facility, or, if applicable, the facility of Adesto’s subcontractor (Incoterms 2010). Upon delivery to the facility of Adesto or Adesto’s subcontractor, title and risk of loss or damage to Products (excluding Licensed Software (defined in Section 8 below)) will pass to Buyer.
(b) Adesto will make commercially reasonable efforts to meet requested delivery and performance dates; provided, however, that Buyer acknowledges and agrees (i) delivery and performance dates are estimates only, (ii) Adesto may change delivery and performance dates, or quantities of Products to be delivered and/or Services to be performed, and (iii) Adesto may allocate Products among Adesto’s customers as Adesto deems necessary or appropriate. Adesto will not be liable for failure to deliver or perform, or delays in delivering or performing, on or by the estimated dates. Buyer may reduce, reschedule or cancel a purchase order placed with Adesto, for which delivery remains outstanding, only with Adesto’s prior written consent.  No changes to Buyer’s purchases will be accepted once Product has been prepared for delivery to Buyer or the manufacturing process for such Product has started at the wafer stage.
(c)  Any and all Product(s) Adesto sells, makes available or provides will be deemed accepted by Buyer upon delivery in accordance with Section 5(a).
6. WARRANTY
(a) For a period of one (1) year from the date of Adesto’s invoice (“Warranty Period”), Adesto hereby warrants to Buyer that Products purchased and delivered under such invoice and these Terms, (i) will comply substantially with the Adesto data sheets applicable to the particular Products and published by Adesto or the specifications mutually agreed upon in writing between Adesto and Buyer, in either case that are in effect at the time such Products were purchased by and delivered to Buyer, and (ii) will be free from defects in material and workmanship under proper use, service and conditions for Products purchased by Buyer;
(b) Adesto will have no liability or obligation, and the foregoing warranty will be null and void, for any failure of any Product to conform with the foregoing warranty if Product failure is caused by accident, abuse, misuse, use in applications not authorized by Adesto or for which the Product is not designed, neglect, alteration, modification, derivative, combination, improper storage, improper installation, repair, improper testing, servicing not done by Adesto, practice of any process or method relating to the use of the Products by Buyer or any other third party or relating to the manufacture, assembly, testing, finishing, packaging or other processing of or for the Products, Buyer’s intentional misconduct or negligence, use contrary to any specifications for such Product or data sheets or instructions issued or agreed by Adesto, or Adesto’s compliance with any designs, specifications or instructions provided by or for Buyer or any industry or proprietary standard or the design, production, use, offer or sale of the Products to enable implementation of any such industry or proprietary standard.
(c) If, during the Warranty Period a Product does not conform to the warranty set forth herein, (i) Buyer will notify Adesto promptly in writing upon discovery, (ii)  Buyer will provide Adesto a detailed description of such nonconformance, (iii) Buyer will obtain a Returned Material Authorization number (“RMA”) from Adesto, (iv) Buyer will return such Product to Adesto, CIP Adesto’s facility (Incoterms 2010), and (v) if Adesto confirms to Adesto’s satisfaction that such Product does not conform to the warranty in Section 6(a) and that the failure of such Product to conform to such warranty is not a result of any cause stated in in this Section 6(b), Adesto will, at its sole option, either replace or credit Buyer the purchase price of such nonconforming Product. The warranty in Section 6(a) will apply to replacement Products for the remainder of the original Product’s Warranty Period.
(d) TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE FOREGOING WARRANTY REMEDY CONSTITUTES ADESTO’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY AND OBLIGATION, AND BUYER’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY BREACH OF ANY WARRANTY OR OTHER DEFECT, FAILURE OR NONCONFORMITY OF THE PRODUCTS. THIS WARRANTY IS EXCLUSIVE, AND IN LIEU OF ANY AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES. ADESTO MAKES NO OTHER REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THAT MAY ARISE FROM ANY COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF CONDUCT OR USAGE OR CUSTOM IN THE TRADE. ADESTO DOES NOT EXTEND THE WARRANTY IN THIS SECTION 6, AND BUYER MAY NOT TRANSFER OR ASSIGN IT, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, TO BUYER’S AFFILIATES, BUYER’S CUSTOMERS OR DISTRIBUTORS, END USERS OF PRODUCTS OR ANY OTHER THIRD PARTIES.
(e) OTHER THAN AS PROVIDED WITH RESPECT TO ADESTO’S EXPRESS WARRANTY OBLIGATIONS IN THESE TERMS, ADESTO IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH THE REMOVAL, REPLACEMENT, OR REPAIR OF ANY PRODUCT OR AVAILABILITY OR DELIVERY OF ANY REPLACEMENT PRODUCT, OR ANY OTHER REMEDY THAT MAY BE AVAILABLE TO BUYER, INCLUDING LABOR, INSTALLATION, OR OTHER COSTS THAT MAY BE INCURRED BY BUYER.
(g)  SOME STATES OR JURISDICTIONS MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THEY MAY IMPOSE LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY MAY LAST, SUCH THAT THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY. TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY LAW, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES THAT APPLY TO THE PRODUCTS SHALL BE LIMITED TO 30 DAYS. BUYER MAY HAVE OTHER RIGHTS, WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE OR JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION, BUT AGREES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE TERMS HEREIN SHALL CONTROL.
(h) THE RIGHTS AND REMEDIES SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 6 ARE ADESTO’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY, AND BUYER’S AND ITS ASSIGNS’ OR BENEFICIARIES’ SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER CLAIM FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY OR CONTRACT.
7. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.
Adesto will use Buyer-related data, including but not limited to Buyer’s address and contact person information during the term of the parties’ business relationship. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, Buyer acknowledges and agrees that such data may be used and distributed within Adesto and to certain third parties, such as contractors, subcontractors, service providers and representatives of Adesto. All data and information Buyer obtains from Adesto that Buyer knows, or should know, are confidential to Adesto or other third parties, including, but not limited to, pricing and lead-time information, will remain Adesto’s confidential information and Buyer shall not disclose, or provide access to, such information to any third party or otherwise misuse or misappropriate such information.
8. SOFTWARE
Unless otherwise agreed in a separate End User License Agreement between Adesto and Buyer (“EULA”), the following terms and conditions will apply to software and firmware that Adesto develops for or offers to Buyer, including, without limitation, any software or firmware customized by Adesto for Buyer (“Licensed Software”), and to documentation, manuals or other technical information for such Licensed Software that is provided by Adesto (“Software Documentation”): (a) Adesto or Adesto’s licensor retains full rights, title, and ownership including all patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trade names, trademarks, and other intellectual property or other rights in and to the Licensed Software and Software Documentation; (b) With respect to any Licensed Software (including without limitation, any software contained in or offered as a part of a development kit), subject to these terms, Adesto grants to Buyer a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, limited license to (i) use internally such Licensed Software solely in connection with an Adesto Product purchased by Buyer hereunder, (ii) distribute any Licensed Software that is embedded or incorporated into Adesto Product by Adesto in machine code only as programmed into such Adesto Product and sold or provided as part of such Product purchased by Buyer (“Licensed Firmware”), and (iii) use internally any Software Documentation for such Licensed Software solely in connection with internal use of the Licensed Software under clause (i) above; (c) Buyer shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates, its and their customers, distributors, employees, directors, officers, representatives and agents not to (w) engage in (and will take all reasonable steps to prevent), unauthorized use and disclosure of, including without limitation, any effort to reverse engineer, disassemble, de-compile, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code of, or any other misuse or misappropriation of, or infringement of any rights in, any Licensed Software or any portion thereof, (x) copy, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, develop, sell, distribute, disclose or otherwise exploit any Licensed Software or any portion thereof (including filing for, registering, prosecuting, asserting or enforcing any patents, copyrights or any other rights thereof), except as expressly permitted in this Section 8, (y) otherwise make any Licensed Firmware available for execution on, or other use with, any products, including semiconductor devices or any other hardware or software, except for or with the Products with which such Licensed Firmware was developed or provided by Adesto, or (z) program or incorporate into, combine or integrate with, any Products or any part thereof any Licensed Firmware updates, bug fixes, improvements or upgrades (whether Buyer obtained them from Adesto or otherwise), except as expressly permitted in any EULA; and (d) Buyer will not remove or destroy any trademark, copyright markings, legends or any other marks or notices placed upon, provided with or contained within the Licensed Software, Licensed Firmware or Software Documentation.  For avoidance of doubt, (i) the term “Product,” as used in this Section 8, includes Licensed Software, Licensed Firmware and Software Documentation, but excludes any software, firmware or any other code or programs provided to Adesto by or for Buyer (“Buyer Code”), and (ii) the term “Service,” as used in these Terms, includes any programming, development or integration of Buyer Code into any Products by Adesto if such programming, development or integration services are offered by Adesto and requested by Buyer pursuant to a purchase order or EULA.
9. INDEMNITY
(a) Subject to Buyer’s compliance with the terms of this Agreement, Adesto agrees to defend Buyer from and against, or settle at its election, any actual or alleged claims, demands, liability, charges, suits, damages, losses or other  action or proceeding solely to the extent the same arise out of third party claims (collectively, “Claims”),  that the Product as delivered by Adesto to Buyer, infringes or misappropriates such third party’s US, Japanese, or EU member country registered patent(s) (excluding processes or methods claimed by such patent(s)), registered trademark(s) or copyright(s) (“Third Party IP Rights”); provided, that Buyer gives Adesto sole control over the defense or settlement thereof with counsel selected by the Adesto and prompt written notice of an such Claim within five (5) business days of receiving or having knowledge of such Claim. Any Claim arising from or related to the use of (i) Products as a part of, incorporated in, or integrated or in combination with any other devices, products, parts, processes, methods, or software or firmware including, without limitation any intellectual property or other rights of Buyer or any third party, whether or not modified, offered or sold by Adesto, (ii) Adesto’s compliance with any designs, specifications, or instructions provided by or for Buyer, (iii) the use of Products contrary to any Adesto instructions, data sheets, specifications or in breach of these Terms, (iv) modifications or alterations to, or updates, revisions, improvements or other derivatives of or to, the Products, in whole or in part, (v) the practice of any process or method relating to Buyer’s or its Buyers’ use of the Products or relating to the manufacture, production, assembly, testing, finishing, packaging or other processing of or for the Products, (vii) use or purchase of the Products after receiving notice of such claim, (viii) Adesto’s compliance with any industry or proprietary standard or Buyer’s use of the Products to enable implementation of any industry or proprietary standard, (ix) any trademark or copyright infringement involving any marking or branding not applied by Adesto or involving any marking or branding applied at the request of Distributor, or (x) Buyer’s intentional, knowing, or willful infringement or misappropriation of the third party intellectual property rights  are specifically excluded (items (i) through and including (x) collectively referred as “Excluded Claims”). Buyer will have the right to retain its own counsel to participate in the defense, subject to Adesto’s right to control the defense. The obligations of Adesto under this Section 9(a) will not apply to amounts paid in settlement of any Claim, demand, action or other proceeding, including arbitration, mediation or other alternative dispute resolution procedure, if such settlement is effected without the prior express written consent of Adesto, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld. The failure to deliver written notice to Adesto within the required time after notice of any Claim, or the commencement of any such Claim, will not relieve such Adesto of its obligations to Buyer under this Section 9(a) with respect thereto, but if such failure is prejudicial to the Adesto’s ability to defend or settle such Claim, demand, action or other proceeding, and if such prejudice results in liabilities, losses, costs and expenses that would likely have been avoided, reduced or minimized if timely notice had been given, then Adesto will be relieved of its obligations to Buyer hereunder. The Buyer, its employees, representatives and agents, will fully cooperate with and provide assistance to Adesto and its legal representatives in the investigation, defense or settlement of any Claim, demand, action or other proceeding. Adesto will pay when due any final judgment not subject to further appeal awarding damages to the extent such award is based upon a ruling that the Product in the form purchased by Buyer and delivered by Adesto to Buyer hereunder infringes such Third Party IP Rights, but will not be liable or responsible for any settlement or compromise made without Adesto’s prior written consent or legal fees (including any court or related costs) incurred by Buyer or any of its Affiliates, or their respective employees, representatives and agents, in connection with any such settlement or compromise.
(b) In full satisfaction of all of its obligations under Section 9(a), Adesto, at its sole discretion, may (i) replace or modify the allegedly infringing Products with non-infringing products that are functionally equivalent, (ii) obtain a release of claims against Buyer or covering those Products sold to Buyer, (iii) obtain a license or any other right for Buyer to continue to use or sell the allegedly infringing Products, or (iv) accept the return of allegedly infringing Products and refund the amount paid by the Buyer for such returned Products.
(c) THIS SECTION 9 STATES ADESTO’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY AND OBLIGATION AND BUYER’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY ACTUAL OR ALLEGED INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF ANY PATENT, TRADEMARK, COPYRIGHT, TRADE SECRET OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHT BY ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES DELIVERED HEREUNDER, OR ANY PART THEREOF. THIS SECTION 9 IS IN LIEU OF AND REPLACES ANY OTHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHER WARRANTY RELATING TO ANY SUCH INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION. IN NO EVENT WILL ADESTO BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, OR OTHER DAMAGES RESULTING FROM ANY SUCH INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION.
(e) Buyer, at its own expense, will indemnify and hold Adesto and its Affiliates harmless from and against any liabilities, costs, damages, claims, charges or losses (including attorneys’ fees and court costs) resulting from or related to any Excluded Claim, and will defend or settle at Buyer’s own expense, including attorneys’ fees and court costs, any suit against Adesto based on any allegation or Claim arising from any Excluded Claim, provided that (i) Adesto gives Buyer prompt notice in writing of any such Claim, and (ii) Adesto and Buyer give each other all needed information, cooperation and assistance, at their own respective expense, necessary to defend or settle such Claim.
10. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Buyer acknowledges and agrees (i) all intellectual property and other rights provided hereunder are licensed or offered for limited use only and not sold, conveyed, transferred or assigned, or otherwise offered for such sale or transfer, (ii) Adesto or its licensors will retain (a) all patents, copyrights, trade secret rights, interests and title, and any other intellectual property or other rights it possesses with regard to any and all design, process, manufacturing and other technologies used in or resulting from the development, processing, manufacture, production, sale or delivery of Products, and (b) rights or title to and possession of all tooling, material or equipment Adesto or its suppliers and subcontractors use in the manufacture, testing, assembly, packaging or other processing of Products furnished under these Terms. Neither Buyer nor any third party (whether by implication, operation of law, estoppel or otherwise) will have any right or license in or to any patent, copyright, trade secret right, mask work right, or any other intellectual property or other rights not expressly granted by Adesto in these Terms.
11. RESTRICTED USE FOR MEDICAL, MILITARY AND AUTOMOTIVE APPLICATIONS
(a)  Products are not approved, designed for and shall not be used in medical applications (including, but not limited to, life support systems and other medical equipment), weapons, military use, avionics, satellites, nuclear applications, or other high risk applications (e.g., applications that, if they fail, can be reasonably expected to result in personal injury or death) or automotive applications without the prior written consent of Adesto.
(b)  Buyer will fully defend (at Adesto’s option), indemnify and hold Adesto and its Affiliates harmless from and against any cost, loss, liability, or expense arising out of or related to use of Products in Section 11(a) above.
12. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS.  
Buyer will comply with all applicable laws, regulations, and administrative rules and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Buyer represents and warrants that it is knowledgeable as to United States and other relevant laws, regulations and requirements regarding the environment, substances and materials, and the export (including deemed exports), transfer, import or re-export of Products. Buyer will not export, re-export, resell, ship or divert or cause to be exported, re-exported, resold, shipped or diverted, Adesto’s products, software, confidential information or technology to any country, destination, person, entity, end-use or end-user that requires an export license or other authorization or approval without first obtaining such license, authorization or approval. Buyer will conduct its activities in accordance with all applicable environmental and material regulations, including, without limitation, WEEE, RoHS and any similar or other rules. Adesto may suspend performance, sale or delivery if Buyer violates any applicable laws, regulations or rules.
13.   TERMINATION. 
(a)  Adesto may terminate (in addition to any other rights or remedies provided herein or at law or in equity) any agreement or relationship with Buyer, including any purchase orders, EULA or any other agreement or obligation, in whole or in part, by written notice to Buyer, without incurring any liability, losses, costs or expenses for, (i) Buyer’s failure to comply with these Terms, (ii) Buyers failure to make payment for any Products or Services in full when due; (iii) Buyer failure to accept conforming Products or Services supplied under these Terms, (iv) the filing of a voluntary or involuntary petition in bankruptcy by or against Buyer, the institution of any proceeding in insolvency or bankruptcy (including reorganization) against Buyer, Buyer’s insolvency, or an assignment for the benefit of creditors of Buyer or any other similar proceeding; (v) at Adesto’s convenience with prior thirty (3) day written notice to Buyer.  Buyer will pay all costs, including reasonable attorney’s fees, Adesto incurs in any action or proceeding Adesto brings to collect payments owing or otherwise enforce its rights under these Terms or any other agreement.
(b)  Upon termination of this Agreement, Sections 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9, 12, 13, 14, 15 and 16 shall survive.
14.  FORCE MAJEURE
Adesto will not be liable for any failure or delay in its performance or in the delivery or shipment of Product or Services, or for any damages suffered by Buyer by reason of such failure or delay, when such failure or delay is caused by, or arises in connection with, any fire, flood, accident, riot, earthquake, severe weather, war, governmental interference or embargo, strike, labor disputes, shortage of labor, fuel, power, materials or supplies, delay in delivery by Adesto’s suppliers, failure of suppliers, political, social or economic conditions or any other cause or causes beyond Adesto’s reasonable control (“Force Majeure”).  Buyer reserves the right to cancel without liability any Purchase Order, the shipment of which is or may be delayed for more than 45 days by reason of any such case of Force Majeure.  Adesto reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to allocate among any potential purchasers, or defer or delay the shipment of, any Product which is in short supply due to any case of Force Majeure. 
15. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
(a) NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, ADESTO NOR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES WILL IN NO EVENT BE LIABLE TO BUYER, ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY THIRD PARTIES FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES OR FOR LOST PROFITS OR LOSS OF BUSINESS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THE TRANSACTIONS OR ACTIVITIES CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER, EVEN IF ADESTO IS APPRISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN THE LIKELIHOOD OF SUCH DAMAGES OR ANY OTHER LIABILITIES OCCURRING.
(b) NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY IN THESE TERMS, IN NO EVENT WILL ADESTO’S TOTAL LIABILITY, INCLUDING ANY ATTORNEYS’ FEES AND COSTS INCURRED, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTY OR INDEMNITY CLAIMS) OR ANY OF THE TERMS HEREIN, REGARDLESS OF THE FORUM AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY ACTION OR CLAIM IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT BUYER PAID TO ADESTO FOR THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ACTUALLY GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY (DETERMINED AS OF THE DATE OF ANY FINAL JUDGMENT WITHOUT ANY POSSIBILITY OF APPEAL IN OR FINAL, UNCONDITIONAL AND BINDING SETTLEMENT OF SUCH ACTION OR IF THERE IS NO ACTION THE DATE THE BUYER WAS FIRST PLACED ON NOTICE OF THE CLAIM GIVING RISE TO THE LIABILITY). THIS LIMITATION IS CUMULATIVE WITH ALL PAYMENTS MADE TO BUYER FOR ANY CLAIMS OR DAMAGES BEING AGGREGATED TO DETERMINE SATISFACTION OF THE LIMIT. THE EXISTENCE OF ONE OR MORE CLAIMS WILL NOT ENLARGE THE LIMIT.
(c) NOTWITHSTANDING ANY STATUTES OF LIMITATIONS APPLICABLE TO BUYER, BUYER AGREES THAT IT MAY NOT BRING ANY CLAIM, SUIT OR ACTION AGAINST ADESTO MORE THAN ONE YEAR AFTER THE EVENTS AND FACTS GIVING RISE TO THE CAUSE OF ACTION OCCUR.
(d) BUYER ACKNOWLEDGES THAT ADESTO HAS SET ITS PRICES AND FEES AND AGREED TO SELL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES TO BUYER IN RELIANCE UPON THE LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY, DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES SET FORTH HEREIN, AND THAT THE SAME FORM AN ESSENTIAL BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE PARTIES, WITHOUT WHICH ADESTO WOULD NOT HAVE AGREED TO SELL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES TO BUYER. SUCH PROVISIONS WILL SURVIVE AND APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
(e) NOTWITHSTANDING ANY PROVISION HEREIN TO THE CONTRARY, ADESTO WILL NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES BE LIABLE FOR ANY EXCESS COSTS OF REPROCUREMENT.
16. GENERAL 
(a) Entire Agreement, Modification.  This Agreement, together with the exhibits hereto constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties, and will bind each of the Parties, their agents, employees and affiliated companies, and their successors and permitted assigns. No agreement or understanding in any way modifying this Agreement, either before or after the execution hereof, will be binding upon either Party unless in writing and signed by both Parties. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the Parties.
(b) Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Interpretation.  This Agreement shall be governed by, subject to, and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of California, excluding the conflict of law rules. The parties hereby agree that any disputes arising from this Agreement will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state or federal courts located in Santa Clara County, California. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts and irrevocably waive all objections to such venue.  The parties specifically exclude from application to this Agreement the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. This Agreement will be interpreted without regard to which Party is deemed to have drafted the Agreement. If any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement will, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision hereof, and this Agreement will be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 
(c)           Applicable Language.  This Agreement is in the English language only, which language shall be controlling in all respects, and all versions hereof and any other language shall not be binding on the parties hereto. All communications and notices to be made or given pursuant to this Agreement and any dispute resolution (including, but not limited to, any court proceeding) shall be in the English language only.
(d)          Headings. The headings of the Sections in this Agreement are for convenience only and will not be deemed to affect, qualify, simplify, add to or subtract from the contents of the clauses that they reference.
(e)          Severability.  If any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement will, for any reason, be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision hereof, and this Agreement will be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein.
(f)           Export.  Each Party acknowledges that the Product may be subject to U.S. or foreign export control laws.  The Parties will cooperate to ensure that the exports from the United States are in compliance with, and each Party shall comply with, such export control laws. 
(g)          Non-Waiver.  Failure by either Party to insist upon strict performance of any of the terms and conditions hereof, or delay in exercising any rights or remedies provided herein, will not release the other Party from any of the obligations of this Agreement and will not be deemed a waiver of any rights of such other Party to insist upon strict performance thereof.
(h)          Assignment.  Buyer may not assign, sell, transfer, delegate, subcontract or otherwise dispose of, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by operation of law or otherwise, any rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided, however, that either Party, without the consent of the other, may assign this Agreement to any Affiliate or successor entity or assigns into which such Party will have been merged or consolidated or to which such Party will have sold or transferred its equity or all or substantially all of its assets and that has agreed in writing to be bound by all of the obligations of such Party hereunder.  Except as provided herein, any purported assignment, transfer or delegation will be null and void.
(i)            No Third Party Beneficiaries.  This Agreement is intended to benefit only for the Parties and no person or entity is a party to this Agreement, and no other person or entity will have any rights hereunder, including, without limitation, any rights as a third party beneficiary.
(j)           Adesto and Contractor Facilities.  Adesto Product (all or part) may be developed, manufactured, tested, assembled or otherwise worked on, or delivered from any of Adesto’s or its contractors’ facilities, domestic and foreign.













 



Wafer/Die Products  |  Adesto













































 






 









Wafer/Die Products


Overview
Adesto Technologies offers a complete line of KGD-wafer form memory solutions for IoT and industrial control applications
Designers of consumer and industrial end equipment are giving greater consideration to the multi-chip module as a pathway to affordable cost, better performance, and faster time to market.  This migration towards die scale packaging is being accelerated as the issues of embedded flash and embedded SRAM increase and geometries decrease.
– Power consumption increases due to SRAM power limitations and size
– Embedded Flash is density limited playing against any advantage of scalability
– Time-to-market and development costs are increasing due to the complexity of embedded integration
Adesto standard and high temperature die products with energy-saving features are suitable for IoT SIP solutions, motor drives, actuators, and sensors for consumer, industrial and heavy industry, even in harsh environments. Adesto’s memory solutions also offer a wide range of complimentary features to bring greater benefit and value to the system.
– Wide Voltage Ranges 1.65V to 3.6V
– Ultra Low Power Standby <200nA
– Flexible SRAM buffers with R/W capability
– Byte Erase/Write and Small Granular architectures













Wafer/Die Products PRODUCTs and Datasheets


Click on product to learn more


Product Name:
Datasheet:
Density:
Speed:
VCC range:
Interface:
Learn More:
Buy Online:



AT25DF011-DWFDownload1Mbit104MHz1.65V-3.6VSPI, Dual ReadBuy Now+ Digi-Key+ Arrow+ Avnet+ Future Electronics+ Mouser ElectronicsOrderingCode:Package:(click for info)Speed:VccRange:OperationalRange:Samples:AT-25DF011-DFW 104MHz1.65V - 3.6V-40°C to +85°CRequestAT25DF011-DWFHTDownload1Mbit104MHz1.7V-3.6VSPI, Dual ReadBuy Now+ Digi-Key+ Arrow+ Avnet+ Future Electronics+ Mouser ElectronicsOrderingCode:Package:(click for info)Speed:VccRange:OperationalRange:Samples:AT25DF011-DWFHT 104MHz1.7V - 3.6V-40°C to 125°CRequestAT25DF021A-DWFDownload2Mbit104MHz1.65V-3.6VSPI, Dual I/OBuy Now+ Digi-Key+ Arrow+ Avnet+ Future Electronics+ Mouser ElectronicsOrderingCode:Package:(click for info)Speed:VccRange:OperationalRange:Samples:AT25DF021A-DWF 104MHz1.65V - 3.6V-40°C - +85°CRequestAT25DF021A-DWFHTDownload2Mbit85MHz1.7V-3.6VSPIBuy Now+ Digi-Key+ Arrow+ Avnet+ Future Electronics+ Mouser ElectronicsOrderingCode:Package:(click for info)Speed:VccRange:OperationalRange:Samples:AT25DF021A-DWFHT 85MHz1.7V - 3.6V-40°C - +125°CRequestAT45DB021E-DWFDownload2Mbit85MHz1.65V-3.6VSPIBuy Now+ Digi-Key+ Arrow+ Avnet+ Future Electronics+ Mouser ElectronicsOrderingCode:Package:(click for info)Speed:VccRange:OperationalRange:Samples:AT45DB021E-DWF 85MHz1.65V - 3.6V-40°C -+85°CRequestAT45DB041E-DWFDownload4Mbit85MHz1.65V-3.6VSPIBuy Now+ Digi-Key+ Arrow+ Avnet+ Future Electronics+ Mouser ElectronicsOrderingCode:Package:(click for info)Speed:VccRange:OperationalRange:Samples:AT45DB041E-DWF 85 Mhz1.65V - 3.6V-40°C - +85°CRequestAT25SF041-DWFDownload4Mbit104MHz2.5V-3.6VSPI, Dual/Quad I/OBuy Now+ Digi-Key+ Arrow+ Avnet+ Future Electronics+ Mouser ElectronicsOrderingCode:Package:(click for info)Speed:VccRange:OperationalRange:Samples:AT25SF041-DWF 104MHz2.5V - 3.6V-40°C- +85°CRequestAT25DF041B-DWFDownload4Mbit104MHz1.65V-3.6VSPI, Dual I/OBuy Now+ Digi-Key+ Arrow+ Avnet+ Future Electronics+ Mouser ElectronicsOrderingCode:Package:(click for info)Speed:VccRange:OperationalRange:Samples:AT25DF041B-DWF 104 MHz1.65V - 3.6V-40°C- +85°CRequestAT25DF041B-DWFHTDownload4Mbit85MHz1.7V-3.6VSPI, Dual I/OBuy Now+ Digi-Key+ Arrow+ Avnet+ Future Electronics+ Mouser ElectronicsOrderingCode:Package:(click for info)Speed:VccRange:OperationalRange:Samples:AT25DF041B-DWFHT 85 MHz1.7V - 3.6V-40°C - +125°CRequestAT25XE041B-DRDADownload4Mbit85MHz1.65V-3.6VSPI, Dual I/OBuy Now+ Digi-Key+ Arrow+ Avnet+ Future Electronics+ Mouser ElectronicsOrderingCode:Package:(click for info)Speed:VccRange:OperationalRange:Samples:AT25XE041B-DRDA 85 MHz1.65V - 3.6V-40°C to +85°CRequestAT25XE041B-DWFDownload4Mbit85MHz1.65V-3.6VSPI, Dual I/OBuy Now+ Digi-Key+ Arrow+ Avnet+ Future Electronics+ Mouser ElectronicsOrderingCode:Package:(click for info)Speed:VccRange:OperationalRange:Samples:AT25XE041B-DRDA 85MHz1.65V - 3.6V-40°C to +105°CRequestAT25XE041B-DRDAHTDownload4Mbit85MHz1.65V-3.6VSPI, Dual I/OBuy Now+ Digi-Key+ Arrow+ Avnet+ Future Electronics+ Mouser ElectronicsOrderingCode:Package:(click for info)Speed:VccRange:OperationalRange:Samples:AT25XE041B-DRDA 85MHz1.65V - 3.6V-40°C to +105°CRequestAT25XE041B-DWFHTDownload4Mbit85MHz1.65V-3.6VSPI, Dual I/OBuy Now+ Digi-Key+ Arrow+ Avnet+ Future Electronics+ Mouser ElectronicsOrderingCode:Package:(click for info)Speed:VccRange:OperationalRange:Samples:AT25XE041B-DRDA 85MHz1.65V - 3.6V-40°C to +105°CRequestAT25SF081-DWFDownload8Mbit104MHz2.5V-3.6VSPI, Dual/Quad I/OBuy Now+ Digi-Key+ Arrow+ Avnet+ Future Electronics+ Mouser ElectronicsOrderingCode:Package:(click for info)Speed:VccRange:OperationalRange:Samples:AT25SF081-DWF 104MHz2.5V - 3.6V-40°C- +85°CRequestAT45DB081E-DWFDownload8Mbit85MHz1.7V-3.6VSPIBuy Now+ Digi-Key+ Arrow+ Avnet+ Future Electronics+ Mouser ElectronicsOrderingCode:Package:(click for info)Speed:VccRange:OperationalRange:Samples:AT45DB081E-DWF 85 MHz1.7V - 3.6V-40°C - +85°CRequestAT45DB161E-DWFDownload16Mbit85MHz2.3V-3.6VSPIBuy Now+ Digi-Key+ Arrow+ Avnet+ Future Electronics+ Mouser ElectronicsOrderingCode:Package:(click for info)Speed:VccRange:OperationalRange:Samples:AT45DB161E-DWF 85 MHz2.3V - 3.6V-40°C - +85°CRequestAT25SF161-DWFDownload16Mbit104MHz2.5V-3.6VSPI, Dual/Quad I/OBuy Now+ Digi-Key+ Arrow+ Avnet+ Future Electronics+ Mouser ElectronicsOrderingCode:Package:(click for info)Speed:VccRange:OperationalRange:Samples:AT25SF161-DWF 104MHz2.5V - 3.6V-40°C- +85°CRequestAT45DB321E-DWFDownload32Mbit85MHz2.3V-3.6VSPIBuy Now+ Digi-Key+ Arrow+ Avnet+ Future Electronics+ Mouser ElectronicsOrderingCode:Package:(click for info)Speed:VccRange:OperationalRange:Samples:AT45DB321E-DWF 85 MHz2.3V - 3.6V-40°C  - +85°CRequestAT25SF321-DWFDownload32Mbit104MHz2.5V-3.6VSPI, Dual/Quad I/OBuy Now+ Digi-Key+ Arrow+ Avnet+ Future Electronics+ Mouser ElectronicsOrderingCode:Package:(click for info)Speed:VccRange:OperationalRange:Samples:AT25SF321-DWF 104MHz2.5V - 3.6V-40°C- +85°CRequestAT45DB641E-DWFDownload64Mbit85MHz1.7V-3.6VSPIBuy Now+ Digi-Key+ Arrow+ Avnet+ Future Electronics+ Mouser ElectronicsOrderingCode:Package:(click for info)Speed:VccRange:OperationalRange:Samples:AT45DB641E-DWF 85 MHz1.7V - 3.6V-40°C - +85°CRequest 




Applications

Click on a PDF to download


File
Applications







Tools


Simulation Tools





DocumentsClick to download product informationWafer and Die Product OverviewSeptember 2015+ download






UDFN 8MA3 – 2×3Package Type: UDFNDrawing No.: 8MA3Terminal Count: 8Maximum Height: 0.6Body Thickness: 0.5Body Width: 2Body Length: 3Package Volume: 3Theta - Ja/Jc (°C/W, Max.): 65/17Ball Pitch: 0.5Carrier Type: 080 TrayQuantity Per Reel: 5,000Tape Pitch: 4Tape Width: 8JEDEC MSL: 1Out Of Bag Hours: unlimitedMax Reflow Temperature: 260TSOP 28T 28Package Type: No further data available24CC – 8×6Package Type: 24-ball BGADrawing No.: 24CCTerminal Count: 24Maximum Height: 1.20 mmBody Width: 6.0 mmBody Length: 8.0 mm26-WLCSPPackage Type: 26-ball Wafer Level Chip Scale Package, die Ball Grid ArrayTerminal Count: 26Maximum Height: .35 mmBody Width: 3.05 mmBody Length: 3.32 mmWLCSP –  Contact Adesto18-WLCSPPackage Type: Wafer Level Chip Scale - Contact Adesto8S4Package Type: SOIC .208" EIAJDrawing No.: 8S3Terminal Count: 8 leadsMaximum Height: 2.16 mmBody Thickness: 1.91 mmBody Width: 5.28 mmBody Length: 5.28 mm64QFPPackage Type: QFPTerminal Count: 64Maximum Height: 1.6mmBody Width: 9.0mmBody Length: 9.0mm128QFPPackage Type: QFPTerminal Count: 128Maximum Height: 1.4Body Width: 14Body Length: 14See Wafer-Die Solution MenuPackage Type: Die in Wafer FormDrawing No.: N/ATerminal Count: N/ABody Thickness: N/ABody Width: N/ABody Length: N/APackage Volume: N/ATheta - Ja/Jc (°C/W, Max.): N/ABall Pitch: N/ACarrier Type: CannisterUnits Per Carrier: 1Carriers Per Bag: N/AUnits Per Bag: N/AQuantity Per Reel: N/ATape Pitch: N/ATape Width: N/AJEDEC MSL: N/AJESD97 Pb Free Category: N/AOut Of Bag Hours: N/AMax Reflow Temperature: N/APb Free MSL: 1Pb Free Out Of Bag Hours: N/A11-WLCSPPackage Type: Chip Scale21-WLCSPPackage Type: Chip ScaleCS-6 WLCSP8-WLCSPPackage Type: See Datasheet.MLF VDFN 8MW 8 – 6×8Package Type: MLF (VDFN)Drawing No.: 8M1-ATerminal Count: 8Maximum Height: 1Body Thickness: 0.85Body Width: 6Body Length: 8Package Volume: 25.5Theta - Ja/Jc (°C/W, Max.): 36/6Ball Pitch: 1.27Carrier Type: 080 TrayUnits Per Carrier: 338Carriers Per Bag: 10Units Per Bag: 3,380Quantity Per Reel: 2,000Tape Pitch: 12Tape Width: 16JEDEC MSL: 3Out Of Bag Hours: 168 HoursPb Free Max Reflow Temperature: 260Carrier Tape Drawing - MLF (VDFN)-8M1-ATray Drawing - MLF (VDFN)-8M1-AReel DrawingTSSOP 8X – 3×4Package Type: TSSOPDrawing No.: 8XTerminal Count: 8Maximum Height: 1.20Body Thickness: 1.20Body Width: 3.0Body Length: 4.4Theta - Ja/Jc (°C/W, Max.): 61/38Carrier Type: 100 TubeUnits Per Carrier: 100Carriers Per Bag: 100Units Per Bag: 10,000Quantity Per Reel: 4,000Tape Pitch: 8Tape Width: 12JEDEC MSL: 3Out Of Bag Hours: 168SOIC 150MIL 8S1 8Package Type: SOIC (150mil)Drawing No.: 8s1Terminal Count: 8Maximum Height: 1.75Body Thickness: 1.375Body Width: 3.9Body Length: 4.9Package Volume: 26.27625Theta - Ja/Jc (°C/W, Max.): 140/43Ball Pitch: 1.27Carrier Type: 100 TubeUnits Per Carrier: 98Carriers Per Bag: 100Units Per Bag: 10,000Quantity Per Reel: 4,000Tape Pitch: 8Tape Width: 12JEDEC MSL: 1Out Of Bag Hours: unlimitedPb Free Max Reflow Temperature: 260Carrier Tape Drawing - UDFN-8MA1Reel DrawingSOIC 208MIL 8S2 8Package Type: SOIC (208mil)Drawing No.: 8s2Terminal Count: 8Maximum Height: 2.16Body Thickness: 1.78Body Width: 5.29Body Length: 4.24Package Volume: 49.340888Theta - Ja/Jc (°C/W, Max.): 110/38Ball Pitch: 1.27Carrier Type: 100 TubeUnits Per Carrier: 90Carriers Per Bag: 100Units Per Bag: 9500Quantity Per Reel: 2000Tape Pitch: 12Tape Width: 16JEDEC MSL: 1Out Of Bag Hours: 1 YearMax Reflow Temperature: 240Pb Free MSL: 1Pb Free Out Of Bag Hours: 1 YearPb Free Max Reflow Temperature: 260GPC: STNCarrier Tape Drawing - SOIC (208mil)-8S2Tube Tray Drawing - SOIC (208mil)-8S2Reel DrawingUBGA 9CC19 – 6×6Package Type: UBGADrawing No.: 9CC1Terminal Count: 9 (3X3)Maximum Height: 0.6Body Thickness: 0.38Body Width: 6Body Length: 6Package Volume: 13.68Theta - Ja/Jc (°C/W, Max.): 90/11Ball Pitch: 1Carrier Type: 080 TrayUnits Per Carrier: 429Carriers Per Bag: 10Units Per Bag: 4,290JEDEC MSL: 3Out Of Bag Hours: 168 hoursPb Free Max Reflow Temperature: 260UDFN 8MA1 8 – 5×6Package Type: UDFNDrawing No.: 8MA1Terminal Count: 8Maximum Height: 0.6Body Thickness: 0.53Body Width: 5Body Length: 6Package Volume: 15.9Theta - Ja/Jc (°C/W, Max.): 52/14Carrier Type: 080 TrayUnits Per Carrier: 490Carriers Per Bag: 10Units Per Bag: 4900Quantity Per Reel: 6000Tape Pitch: 8Tape Width: 16JEDEC MSL: 1Out Of Bag Hours: unlimitedCarrier Tape Drawing - UDFN-8MA1Reel DrawingTray Drawing - MLF (VDFN)-8M1-A16SPackage Type: 16-Lead SOIC (300-mil wide)Terminal Count: 16Maximum Height: 0.101Body Thickness: 0.092Body Width: 0.3Body Length: 0.407CASON 8CN3 8Package Type: No further data available








 



Technology/IP  |  Adesto













































 






 





 
TOP:View of Adesto’s Resistive Memory Architecture. Data stored as a robust conductive bridge vs. charges on a traditional floating gate.
MIDDLE:Operating principle of CBRAM; data stored as robust conductive links created by voltages and currents.
BOTTOM:Cross Section of CBRAM product demonstrates the ease of integration in a standard CMOS process. (Fabricated at Altis Semiconductor).



Technology/IP
CBRAM®, Adesto's Resistive RAM Technology
Adesto’s Conductive Bridging RAM (CBRAM) is breakthrough non-volatile Resistive RAM (ReRAM) memory technology that features significantly less energy consumption than today’s leading memories without sacrificing performance and reliability. With its unique combination of fast, low energy operation, Adesto’s resistive memory is an ideal match for Internet-of-Things and other energy-conscious applications.
Commercial products built  with Adesto’s ReRAM, are available now. Visit the Mavriq™ memory products page.
Adesto’s CBRAM memory is created by applying fab-friendly, patented metallization and dielectric stack layers between standard CMOS interconnect metal layers (see Figures 1 and 3). The size of the memory cell is determined by the underlying access transistor. The result is a superior non-volatile memory (NVM) technology with long-term CMOS scalability. CBRAM technology can scale down with today’s CMOS technologies both physically as well as electrically.
CBRAM technology relies on electrochemical deposition and dissolution of a conductive link under the application of voltages and currents. This process produces huge changes in the resistance of the CBRAM storage element which is used to represent data. The conductive link is robust and can withstand high thermal stresses. A notable advantage is that the write operation in CBRAM bit-cells is very fast (<1us) compared to today’s Flash memory technologies (~1ms), and also does not require a bit to be pre-erased. This makes write operations on CBRAM products 20 times faster than Flash, while consuming 10 to 100 times less energy.
Adesto’s Strong Intellectual Property Position
Since 2007, Adesto Technologies has led the way in developing resistive memory technology and is recognized in the industry for its strong patent portfolio. Adesto has focused on taking its resistive memory technology from lab to fab to market. Adesto’s know-how includes fundamental understanding of the physics, materials and designs required to productize resistive memory, and extensive experience with the ecosystem; from raw materials to finished device manufacturing.
Adesto’s Licensing Program of CBRAM Technology
Adesto Technologies is the recognized leader in the commercialization of resistive memories and in forging licensing agreements with SOC partners in the semiconductor industry. Foundries, IDMs or fabless companies looking for low-power embedded non-volatile memory solutions should contact Adesto directly for partnership opportunities.













 


Adesto Technologies Corporation: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 9:36 AM ET
Semiconductors and Semiconductor Equipment

Company Overview of Adesto Technologies Corporation



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Adesto Technologies Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides application-specific and ultra-low power non-volatile memory products. The company offers standard serial flash products, including DataFlash for data-logging applications, such as industrial automation, home automation sensing, and health and fitness tracking; Fusion Flash for use in various high-volume consumer applications comprising wearables, mobile, and other applications; and EcoXip that enables enhanced processor performance and reduced system power consumption. It also provides conductive bridging random access memory based products, which include Mavriq for Internet of Things and other applications, which inc...
Adesto Technologies Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides application-specific and ultra-low power non-volatile memory products. The company offers standard serial flash products, including DataFlash for data-logging applications, such as industrial automation, home automation sensing, and health and fitness tracking; Fusion Flash for use in various high-volume consumer applications comprising wearables, mobile, and other applications; and EcoXip that enables enhanced processor performance and reduced system power consumption. It also provides conductive bridging random access memory based products, which include Mavriq for Internet of Things and other applications, which include camera sensors, Bluetooth low energy devices, wearables, gaming components, printer cartridges, medical equipment, and other devices; and Moneta for retail beacons, wearable medical and fitness devices, industrial and environmental sensors, agricultural monitors, and other low energy/long battery life, or energy harvesting system applications. The company sells its products directly through a network of representatives and distributors to original equipment manufacturers and original design manufacturers in the United States, Rest of Americas, Europe, the Asia Pacific, and internationally. Adesto Technologies Corporation was incorporated in 2006 and is headquartered in Santa Clara, California.
Detailed Description


3600 Peterson WaySanta Clara, CA 95054United StatesFounded in 2006101 Employees



Phone: 408-400-0578

www.adestotech.com







Key Executives for Adesto Technologies Corporation




Mr. Narbeh Derhacobian Ph.D.


      	Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
      


Age: 54
        

Total Annual Compensation: $360.0K








Mr. Ishai Naveh


      	Co-Founder and Vice President of Business Development
      


Age: 59
        

Total Annual Compensation: $247.8K








Mr. Ronald K. Shelton


      	Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
      


Age: 55
        

Total Annual Compensation: $300.0K








Mr. Thomas D. Spade


      	Vice President of Worldwide Sales
      


Age: 51
        

Total Annual Compensation: $270.0K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Adesto Technologies Corporation Key Developments

Adesto Technologies Introduces New Solution to Enable Smart Home Products
Jul 12 17
Adesto Technologies announced the DataFlash-L series, a new family of memory products targeting a variety of smart home applications. Designed for low power operation and higher system efficiency, DataFlash-L products can help optimize embedded systems in wireless edge devices. The DataFlash-L (AT25PE) series offers a range of power-saving features including wide operating voltage range (Vcc) and “ultra-deep power down” mode. With a Vcc range of 1.65V to 3.6V, the DataFlash-L family uses less power during active modes and offers designers the ability to operate the system in lower voltages -- maximizing battery life and minimizing the need for on-board capacitors. Home control systems and other wireless devices using DataFlash-L can operate from unregulated battery supplies and may not require low drop out or boost regulators to manage the power supply rail during a power-failure. The embedded ultra-deep power down mode allows the device to function with a class-leading standby current of less than 400 nanoamps, far lower than competitive offerings, and an important feature for battery-operated devices. To improve system efficiency, the new products include a page erase feature and built-in intelligence to automatically manage internal programming and erase tasks, reducing CPU overhead by offloading memory management tasks. The product family also features comprehensive security and unique identification features to protect stored data and prevent outside tampering. Additionally, the new DataFlash-L is a pin compatible alternative to Micron’s M25PE memory series which is used in smart home, industrial and automation markets.


Adesto Technologies Corporation Presents at Sensors Expo & Conference, Jun-28-2017 01:15 PM
Jun 21 17
Adesto Technologies Corporation Presents at Sensors Expo & Conference, Jun-28-2017 01:15 PM. Venue: McEnery Convention Center, San Jose, California, United States. Speakers: Bård M. Pedersen, Director of Technology.


Conexant Systems Selects Adesto Technologies Serial Flash for AudioSmart™ Development Kits
May 16 17
Adesto Technologies Corporation announced that its serial flash memory has been selected to support Conexant Systems AudioSmart 2-mic and 4-mic development kits, a tool that allows product developers to quickly and easily build products with Amazon Alexa. Adesto’s serial flash products feature ultra-fast program and erase operations and comprehensive security features to protect data stored on the device. Conexant’s kits enable developers to save engineering time and reduce costs related to developing noise robust voice-enabled devices. The AudioSmart far-field voice input processor focuses on the user’s voice and removes echoes and noise from the audio signal, providing clear voice requests for speech recognition processing. The platform ensures that the speech recognition engine hears only the user’s command and nothing else; giving users consistent and accurate far-field voice interaction performance. In addition to performance-enhancing features, Adesto serial flash products also incorporate a sector lockdown mechanism that allows any combination of individual 64-Kbyte sectors to be locked down and become permanently read-only. This addresses the need of certain secure applications that require portions of the Flash memory array to be permanently protected against malicious attempts at altering program code, data modules, security information, or encryption/decryption algorithms, keys, and routines. The devices also contain a specialized OTP (One-Time Programmable) Security Register that can be used for purposes such as unique device serialization, system-level Electronic Serial Number (ESN) storage, locked key storage, or other security mechanisms.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 1 SolTech Inc. United States 1366 Technologies, Inc. United States 21-Century Silicon, Inc. United States 3AxisData LLC United States 3DSP Corporation United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Adesto Technologies Corporation, please visit www.adestotech.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























    IOTS Key Statistics - Adesto Technologies Corp. Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Adesto Technologies Corp.

                  NASDAQ: IOTS
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Adesto Technologies Corp.



Market open
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 24, 2017, 4:00 p.m.


IOTS

/quotes/zigman/60080228/composite


$
4.85




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 34,603
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/60080228/composite
Previous close

$
			4.85
		


$
				4.85
			
Change

0.00
0.00%





Day low
Day high
$4.85
$5.00










52 week low
52 week high

            $1.50
        

            $5.80
        

















			Company Description 


			Adesto Technologies Corp. engages in the development, manufacture, and market of non-volatile memory ("NVM") products. It offers conductive-bridging random access memory, DataFlash, Mavriq Medical, Moneta ultra low power NVM, power line communication, embedded licensing, and boot memory. The company...
		


                Adesto Technologies Corp. engages in the development, manufacture, and market of non-volatile memory ("NVM") products. It offers conductive-bridging random access memory, DataFlash, Mavriq Medical, Moneta ultra low power NVM, power line communication, embedded licensing, and boot memory. The company was founded by Narbeh Derhacobian, Ishai Naveh, and Shane Hollmer in 2007 and is headquartered in Sunnyvale, CA.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
-6.30


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
-5.91


Price to Sales Ratio
0.63


Price to Book Ratio
1.75


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
-7.64


Enterprise Value to Sales
1.70


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.69

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
435,327.00


Income Per Employee
-114,970.00


Receivables Turnover
6.41


Total Asset Turnover
0.91

Liquidity

Current Ratio
2.05


Quick Ratio
1.71


Cash Ratio
1.28



Profitability

Gross Margin
45.75


Operating Margin
-27.90


Pretax Margin
-26.45


Net Margin
-26.41


Return on Assets
-24.01


Return on Equity
-56.86


Return on Total Capital
-32.11


Return on Invested Capital
-38.55

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Equity
110.28


Total Debt to Total Capital
52.45


Total Debt to Total Assets
38.58


Long-Term Debt to Equity
70.77


Long-Term Debt to Total Capital
33.66





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Barry L. Cox 
73
2014
Chairman



Dr. Narbeh  Derhacobian 
-
2007
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director



Mr. Adam  Badgett 
-
-
Vice President-Operations



Mr. Ronald K. Shelton 
55
2011
Chief Financial Officer & Secretary



Mr. Gideon D. Intrater 
56
2015
Chief Technology Officer





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}


Date
Name
Shares
Transaction
Value





07/01/2017

Narbeh Derhacobian 
President and CEO; Director

1,410


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $4.55 per share.


6,415


07/01/2017

Ronald K. Shelton 
Chief Financial Officer

1,147


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $4.55 per share.


5,218


07/01/2017

Ishai Naveh 
VP, Business Development

526


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $4.55 per share.


2,393


07/01/2017

Shane Hollmer 
VP, Engineering

631


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $4.55 per share.


2,871


07/01/2017

Gideon D. Intrater 
Chief Technology Officer

298


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $4.55 per share.


1,355


07/01/2017

Thomas D. Spade 
VP, Worldwide Sales

556


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $4.55 per share.


2,529


07/01/2017

Janet Wang 
VP, Discrete Products Group

631


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $4.55 per share.


2,871


07/01/2017

Raphael Mehrbians 
Vice President, Marketing

306


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $4.55 per share.


1,392


06/06/2017

Nelson C. Chan 
Director

6,250


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/06/2017

Francis F. Lee 
Director

6,250


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/06/2017

Kevin S. Palatnik 
Director

6,250


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/06/2017

Keith L. Crandell 
Director

6,250


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


06/06/2017

Nelson C. Chan 
Director

8,241


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


06/06/2017

Francis F. Lee 
Director

8,241


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


06/06/2017

Kevin S. Palatnik 
Director

8,241


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


06/06/2017

Keith L. Crandell 
Director

8,241


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $0 per share.


0


05/30/2017

Janet Wang 
VP, Discrete Products Group

10,030


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $1.65 per share.


16,549


05/26/2017

Janet Wang 
VP, Discrete Products Group

478


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $1.65 per share.


788


05/25/2017

Janet Wang 
VP, Discrete Products Group

2,600


 
Disposition at $5.1 per share.


13,260


05/25/2017

Janet Wang 
VP, Discrete Products Group

7,976


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $1.65 per share.


13,160


05/22/2017

Ishai Naveh 
VP, Business Development

4,000


 
Disposition at $5.27 per share.


21,080


05/22/2017

Shane Hollmer 
VP, Engineering

5,330


 
Disposition at $5.42 per share.


28,888


05/22/2017

Shane Hollmer 
VP, Engineering

32,575


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $1.65 per share.


53,748


05/19/2017

Gideon D. Intrater 
Chief Technology Officer

2,180


 
Disposition at $5.3 per share.


11,554


05/19/2017

Gideon D. Intrater 
Chief Technology Officer

1,090


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $1.65 per share.


1,798


05/19/2017

Gideon D. Intrater 
Chief Technology Officer

1,090


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $1.65 per share.


1,798


04/01/2017

Narbeh Derhacobian 
President and CEO; Director

60,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/01/2017

Ronald K. Shelton 
Chief Financial Officer

50,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/01/2017

Ishai Naveh 
VP, Business Development

22,917


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/01/2017

Shane Hollmer 
VP, Engineering

27,500


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/01/2017

Gideon D. Intrater 
Chief Technology Officer

12,971


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/01/2017

Thomas D. Spade 
VP, Worldwide Sales

24,229


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/01/2017

Janet Wang 
VP, Discrete Products Group

27,500


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


04/01/2017

Raphael Mehrbians 
Vice President, Marketing

11,418


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


02/17/2017

Thomas D. Spade 
VP, Worldwide Sales

4,064


 
Disposition at $4.32 per share.


17,556


02/09/2017

Gideon D. Intrater 
Chief Technology Officer

40,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0








/news/latest/company/us/iots

      MarketWatch News on IOTS
    




 Adesto Technologies price target raised to $7 from $5 at Benchmark Research
7:55 a.m. April 7, 2017
 - Tonya Garcia




 Adesto Technologies downgraded to perform from outperform at Oppenheimer
10:54 a.m. April 14, 2016
 - Tomi Kilgore









/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/iots

      Other News on IOTS
    





Chipmakers Microsemi, Skyworks Solutions Snare Fresh Buy Ratings

11:42 a.m. July 6, 2017
 - Investors Business Daily




 10-Q/A: ADESTO TECHNOLOGIES CORP
4:11 p.m. June 19, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





These 4 Chip Stocks Earned Price-Target Hikes

11:04 a.m. June 1, 2017
 - Investors Business Daily





Finish Line Inc (FINL) and WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc  (WFBI) Lead 9 Investor Filings

4:00 p.m. May 26, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





Zacks.com featured highlights: LAKELAND BANCORP, Daqo New Energy, China Lodging Group, Electro Scientific Industries and Adesto Technologies

9:30 a.m. May 16, 2017
 - Zacks.com




 10-Q: ADESTO TECHNOLOGIES CORP
2:24 p.m. May 15, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





5 Stocks to Buy on New Analyst Coverage

9:41 a.m. May 15, 2017
 - Zacks.com





Adesto Technologies Corp's (IOTS) CEO Narbeh Derhacobian on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

3:01 a.m. May 13, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Adesto Technologies (IOTS) Shows Strength: Stock Gains 18%

8:15 a.m. April 18, 2017
 - Zacks.com





Week 16 Breakout Forecast: Short-Term Picks To Give You An Edge

4:59 p.m. April 15, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Unique Opportunity Knocks With 180 Degree Capital

11:31 a.m. April 4, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com




 10-K: ADESTO TECHNOLOGIES CORP
6:08 a.m. March 24, 2017
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Adesto Technologies (IOTS) Presents At 29th Annual ROTH Conference

2:20 p.m. March 15, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Adams Street Partners Llc Buys New Relic, Alphabet, Salesforce. ...

6:38 p.m. March 13, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Will Adesto Technologies (IOTS) Continue to Surge Higher?

9:22 a.m. Feb. 22, 2017
 - Zacks.com





Adesto Technologies' (IOTS) CEO Narbeh Derhacobian on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

12:15 a.m. Feb. 15, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Adesto Technologies' (IOTS) CEO Narbeh Derhacobian on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

7:27 a.m. Oct. 30, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha




 10-Q: ADESTO TECHNOLOGIES CORP
3:14 p.m. Aug. 15, 2016
 - Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Adesto Technologies' (IOTS) CEO Narbeh Derhacobian on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

11:56 p.m. Aug. 9, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha





Adesto Technologies' (IOTS) CEO Narbeh Derhacobian on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

6:15 a.m. May 8, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha


Loading more headlines...












At a Glance

Adesto Technologies Corp.
1250 Borregas Avenue


Sunnyvale, California 94089




Phone
1 4084000578


Industry
Semiconductors


Sector
Technology


Fiscal Year-end
12/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$43.97M


Net Income
$-11.61M


2016 Sales Growth 
1.6%


Employees

        101.00


Annual Report for IOTS











/news/pressrelease/company/us/iots

      Press Releases on IOTS
    




 Adesto Technologies to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on August 3
9:00 a.m. July 21, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Adesto Technologies Introduces New Solution to Enable Smart Home Products
9:00 a.m. July 12, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Adesto Technologies Announces Exercise of Over-Allotment Option By Underwriters
9:00 a.m. June 29, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Adesto to address requirements for ultra-low power memory technologies in IoT devices at Sensors Expo & Conference
4:05 p.m. June 21, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Adesto Technologies Corporation Prices Public Offering of Common Stock
7:00 a.m. June 15, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Adesto Technologies Corporation Announces Proposed Public Offering of Common Stock
4:00 p.m. June 14, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Conexant Systems Selects Adesto Technologies Serial Flash for AudioSmart(TM)  Development Kits
9:00 a.m. May 16, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Adesto Technologies Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results
4:06 p.m. May 10, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Investor Network: Adesto Technologies Corporation to Host Earnings Call
11:08 a.m. May 10, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Adesto Technologies to Present at the Oppenheimer Conference on May 16
9:00 a.m. May 4, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Adesto Technologies to Announce First Quarter 2017 Financial Results on May 10
9:06 a.m. April 18, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Adesto's DataFlash(R) Memory Enables Smart Features and Longer Battery-Life in the Ozobot(R) Evo, the Connected Social Robot
5:30 p.m. Feb. 28, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Non-Volatile Memory Market by Type, EEPROM, NVSRAM, Embedded, EPROM, 3D NAND, MRAM/STTMRAM, FRAM, RERAM/CBRAM, NVDIMM, PCM, 3D XPOINT, NRAM, End-User Industry, and Geography - Global Forecast to 2022
7:26 p.m. Feb. 27, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Adesto Technologies to Present at the ROTH Conference on March 14
10:01 a.m. Feb. 23, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Adesto Technologies Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results
5:06 p.m. Feb. 14, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Adesto Technologies to Announce Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2016 Financial Results on February 14
10:01 a.m. Jan. 24, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Adesto Technologies to Present at the Needham Growth Conference on January 12
10:01 a.m. Jan. 4, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Adesto Introduces Ultra Low Power EEPROM Memory Family Designed for Better IoT Security
5:31 p.m. Dec. 7, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire




 Adesto Technologies to Participate at the Benchmark Micro Cap Discovery Conference
10:06 a.m. Nov. 17, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire




 Adesto Technologies to Participate at the ROTH Technology Corporate Access Day on November 16
9:05 a.m. Nov. 2, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire


Loading more headlines...









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




9:36 AM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:36aTeamsters, state treasurers call for changes at McKesson in wake of opioid crisis
9:35aHome-price growth stays strong, and the West is still the best, Case-Shiller says
9:33aBREAKINGS&P 500 hits intraday record shortly after open 
9:33aNasdaq Composite falls less than 1%
9:32aS&P 500 hits intraday record at 2,478.56
9:32aS&P 500 up by more than 0.3%
9:32aDow Jones Industrial Average advances more than 150 points
9:31aStocks open mostly higher after batch of earnings
9:30aOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
9:30aThe shockingly subdued ‘fear index’ doesn’t mean what you think it means
9:29aInterpublic's stock pulls back sharply from 15-year high after profit and sales miss
9:26aStock market’s biggest risk is a ‘flash crash’, says ‘Flash Boys’ Katsuyama
9:26aAmazon Business customer tally tops one million in the U.S.
9:23aHere’s why Amazon, Facebook and the gang are not going to take down this market
9:20aDow. S&P 500 set to jump on bullish earnings, but Alphabet weighs on Nasdaq
9:19aSupervalu earnings miss, but revenue beats
9:17aAlphabet price target raised to $1050 from $1032 at B.Riley
9:17aDonald Trump may not want to take credit for the stock market just yet
9:16aMadison Square Garden stock price target raised to $260 from $240 at BTIG
7:00aCiti Ups the Ante in Premium Credit Card
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,644.95

+131.78
+0.61%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,401.88

-8.93
-0.14%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.50

+7.59
+0.31%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15

























































Adesto Technologies Corp: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
















adesto technologies corp
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Semiconductors
Sub-Industry: Semiconductor Devices
Adesto Technologies Corporation develops semiconductor memory devices. The Company offers non-volatile memory products for internet connected devices in the consumer, industrial, medical, and wearables markets. Adesto Technologies serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

1250 Borregas Avenue
Sunnyvale, CA 94089
United States


Phone:
1-408-400-0578


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.adestotech.com





Board Members




Chairman
Company










Lead Director
Company










President/CEO/Co-Founder
Company


Narbeh Derhacobian
Adesto Technologies Corp








Board Members
Company


Keith Crandell
Arch Venture Partners LP


Francis Lee
Synaptics Inc


Kevin Palatnik
Coherent Inc


























From The Web












Press Releases




Adesto Technologies to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on August 3

Jul 21, 2017



Adesto Technologies Introduces New Solution to Enable Smart Home Products

Jul 12, 2017



Adesto Technologies Announces Exercise of Over-Allotment Option By Underwriters

Jun 29, 2017



Adesto to address requirements for ultra-low power memory technologies in IoT devices at Sensors Expo & Conference

Jun 21, 2017



Adesto Technologies Corporation Prices Public Offering of Common Stock

Jun 15, 2017



Adesto Technologies Corporation Announces Proposed Public Offering of Common Stock

Jun 14, 2017



Conexant Systems Selects Adesto Technologies Serial Flash for AudioSmart™  Development Kits

May 16, 2017



Adesto Technologies Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results

May 10, 2017






Key Executives


Narbeh Derhacobian


President/CEO/Co-Founder




Ronald K Shelton "Ron"


Chief Financial Officer




Gideon D Intrater


Chief Technology Officer




Ishai Naveh


VP:Business Development




Shane Hollmer


VP:Engineering/Co-Founder




Thomas D Spade "Tom"


VP:Worldwide Sales




Raphael Mehrbians


VP:Marketing




Adam Badgett


VP:Operations




Janet Wang


VP:Discrete Products Group




Venkatesh Gopinath


VP:Cbram Technology Research



Show More


Show Less






Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































IOTS Stock Price - Adesto Technologies Corp. Stock Quote (U.S.: Nasdaq) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,646.84


133.67


0.62%











S&P 500

2,477.30


7.39


0.30%











Nasdaq

6,400.16


-10.65


-0.17%











GlobalDow

2,849.24


18.29


0.65%











Gold

1,258.80


-1.90


-0.15%











Oil

47.37


1.03


2.22%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



FCX 
8.2




RIG 
4.3




CAT 
4.0




MCD 
4.0






STX
-18.3




IPG
-9.4




WAT
-6.2




MU
-5.5














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








9:36a

Teamsters, state treasurers call for changes at McKesson in wake of opioid crisis



9:35a

Updated
Home-price growth stays strong, and the West is still the best, Case-Shiller says



9:33a

Breaking
S&P 500 hits intraday record shortly after open 



9:32a

Nasdaq Composite falls less than 1%



9:32a

S&P 500 hits intraday record at 2,478.56



9:32a

S&P 500 up by more than 0.3%



9:31a

Dow Jones Industrial Average advances more than 150 points



7:00a

Citi Ups the Ante in Premium Credit Card



9:30a

Stocks open mostly higher after batch of earnings



9:30a

Updated
One depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


IOTS


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
Nasdaq

 



IOTS
U.S.: Nasdaq


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Adesto Technologies Corp.

Watchlist 
CreateIOTSAlert



  


Open

Last Updated: Jul 24, 2017 4:00 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
4.85



0.00
0.00%






Previous Close




$4.8500





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




46.04% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    34.6K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 75.2K
            





Open: 4.95
Last: 4.85



4.8500
Day Low/High
5.0000





Day Range



1.5000
52 Week Low/High
5.8000


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$4.95



Day Range
4.8500 - 5.0000



52 Week Range
1.5000 - 5.8000



Market Cap
$97.53M



Shares Outstanding
20.11M



Public Float
10.94M



Beta
1.30



Rev. per Employee
$446.53K



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$-0.85



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
181.55K
06/30/17


% of Float Shorted
1.66%



Average Volume
75.16K




 


Performance




5 Day


-1.02%







1 Month


0.00%







3 Month


-8.49%







YTD


162.16%







1 Year


28.31%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones










Adesto Technologies price target raised to $7 from $5 at Benchmark Research


Apr. 7, 2017 at 7:55 a.m. ET
by Tonya Garcia









Adesto Technologies downgraded to perform from outperform at Oppenheimer


Apr. 14, 2016 at 10:55 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore







No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Chipmakers Microsemi, Skyworks Solutions Snare Fresh Buy Ratings
Chipmakers Microsemi (MSCC) and Skyworks Solutions (SWKS) received bullish reports from Wall Street analysts on Thursday. Goldman Sachs upgraded Microsemi to buy from neutral with a 12-month price target of 55, while Argus Research initiated coverage of Skyworks with a buy rating and price target of 120. Microsemi was up 1.7%, near 48.15, in morning trading on the stock market today. Skyworks stock was up 1.2%, near 98.75. Aliso Viejo,

Jul. 6, 2017 at 11:42 a.m. ET
on Investors Business Daily





10-Q/A: ADESTO TECHNOLOGIES CORP
10-Q/A: ADESTO TECHNOLOGIES CORP

Jun. 19, 2017 at 4:11 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





These 4 Chip Stocks Earned Price-Target Hikes
Chipmakers Analog Devices (ADI) and Semtech (SMTC) received stock price-target hikes on Thursday after posting quarterly results, while industry peers Cirrus Logic (CRUS) and Tower Semiconductor (TSEM) also merited increases. [ibd-display-video id=543786 width=50 float=left]  Analog Devices Norwood, Mass.-based Analog Devices earned at least three price-target increases after posting fiscal second-quarter results early Wednesday that beat

Jun. 1, 2017 at 11:04 a.m. ET
on Investors Business Daily





Finish Line Inc (FINL) and WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc  (WFBI) Lead 9 Investor Filings
Finish Line Inc (FINL) and WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc  (WFBI) Lead 9 Investor Filings

May. 26, 2017 at 4:00 p.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Zacks.com featured highlights: LAKELAND BANCORP, Daqo New Energy, China Lodging Group, Electro Scientific Industries and Adesto Technologies
Zacks.com featured highlights: LAKELAND BANCORP, Daqo New Energy, China Lodging Group, Electro Scientific Industries and Adesto Technologies

May. 16, 2017 at 9:30 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





5 Stocks to Buy on New Analyst Coverage
Analysts are privy to vital information and are crucial to investment decisions. So, it's a good strategy to bet on stocks that have seen increased analyst coverage over the last few weeks.

May. 15, 2017 at 9:41 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





10-Q: ADESTO TECHNOLOGIES CORP
10-Q: ADESTO TECHNOLOGIES CORP

May. 15, 2017 at 2:24 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Adesto Technologies Corp's (IOTS) CEO Narbeh Derhacobian on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
Adesto Technologies Corp's (IOTS) CEO Narbeh Derhacobian on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

May. 13, 2017 at 3:01 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Adesto Technologies (IOTS) Shows Strength: Stock Gains 18%


Apr. 18, 2017 at 8:15 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Week 16 Breakout Forecast: Short-Term Picks To Give You An Edge


Apr. 15, 2017 at 4:59 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Unique Opportunity Knocks With 180 Degree Capital


Apr. 4, 2017 at 11:31 a.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





10-K: ADESTO TECHNOLOGIES CORP


Mar. 24, 2017 at 6:09 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Adesto Technologies (IOTS) Presents At 29th Annual ROTH Conference


Mar. 15, 2017 at 2:20 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Adams Street Partners Llc Buys New Relic, Alphabet, Salesforce. ...


Mar. 13, 2017 at 6:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Will Adesto Technologies (IOTS) Continue to Surge Higher?


Feb. 22, 2017 at 8:22 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Adesto Technologies' (IOTS) CEO Narbeh Derhacobian on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


Feb. 14, 2017 at 11:15 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Adesto Technologies' (IOTS) CEO Narbeh Derhacobian on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


Oct. 30, 2016 at 7:27 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: ADESTO TECHNOLOGIES CORP


Aug. 15, 2016 at 3:15 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Adesto Technologies' (IOTS) CEO Narbeh Derhacobian on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


Aug. 9, 2016 at 11:56 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Adesto Technologies' (IOTS) CEO Narbeh Derhacobian on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


May. 8, 2016 at 6:15 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









Adesto Technologies to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on August 3
Adesto Technologies to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on August 3

Jul. 21, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto Technologies Introduces New Solution to Enable Smart Home Products
Adesto Technologies Introduces New Solution to Enable Smart Home Products

Jul. 12, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto Technologies Announces Exercise of Over-Allotment Option By Underwriters
Adesto Technologies Announces Exercise of Over-Allotment Option By Underwriters

Jun. 29, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto to address requirements for ultra-low power memory technologies in IoT devices at Sensors Expo & Conference
Adesto to address requirements for ultra-low power memory technologies in IoT devices at Sensors Expo & Conference

Jun. 21, 2017 at 4:05 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto Technologies Corporation Prices Public Offering of Common Stock
Adesto Technologies Corporation Prices Public Offering of Common Stock

Jun. 15, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto Technologies Corporation Announces Proposed Public Offering of Common Stock
Adesto Technologies Corporation Announces Proposed Public Offering of Common Stock

Jun. 14, 2017 at 4:00 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Conexant Systems Selects Adesto Technologies Serial Flash for AudioSmart(TM)  Development Kits
Conexant Systems Selects Adesto Technologies Serial Flash for AudioSmart(TM)  Development Kits

May. 16, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto Technologies Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results
Adesto Technologies Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results

May. 10, 2017 at 4:06 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Investor Network: Adesto Technologies Corporation to Host Earnings Call
Investor Network: Adesto Technologies Corporation to Host Earnings Call

May. 10, 2017 at 11:08 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Adesto Technologies to Present at the Oppenheimer Conference on May 16
Adesto Technologies to Present at the Oppenheimer Conference on May 16

May. 4, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto Technologies to Announce First Quarter 2017 Financial Results on May 10


Apr. 18, 2017 at 9:06 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto's DataFlash(R) Memory Enables Smart Features and Longer Battery-Life in the Ozobot(R) Evo, the Connected Social Robot


Feb. 28, 2017 at 4:31 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Non-Volatile Memory Market by Type, EEPROM, NVSRAM, Embedded, EPROM, 3D NAND, MRAM/STTMRAM, FRAM, RERAM/CBRAM, NVDIMM, PCM, 3D XPOINT, NRAM, End-User Industry, and Geography - Global Forecast to 2022


Feb. 27, 2017 at 6:26 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Adesto Technologies to Present at the ROTH Conference on March 14


Feb. 23, 2017 at 9:01 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto Technologies Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results


Feb. 14, 2017 at 4:06 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto Technologies to Announce Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2016 Financial Results on February 14


Jan. 24, 2017 at 9:01 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto Technologies to Present at the Needham Growth Conference on January 12


Jan. 4, 2017 at 9:01 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto Introduces Ultra Low Power EEPROM Memory Family Designed for Better IoT Security


Dec. 7, 2016 at 4:31 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto Technologies to Participate at the Benchmark Micro Cap Discovery Conference


Nov. 17, 2016 at 9:06 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto Technologies to Participate at the ROTH Technology Corporate Access Day on November 16


Nov. 2, 2016 at 9:06 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire











Adesto Technologies Corp.


            
            Adesto Technologies Corp. engages in the development, manufacture, and market of non-volatile memory ("NVM") products. It offers conductive-bridging random access memory, DataFlash, Mavriq Medical, Moneta ultra low power NVM, power line communication, embedded licensing, and boot memory. The company was founded by Narbeh Derhacobian, Ishai Naveh, and Shane Hollmer in 2007 and is headquartered in Sunnyvale, CA.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  




Analyst Ratings



Sell
Under
Hold
Over
Buy

Number of Ratings 3
Full Ratings 





Benzinga's Top Initiations


Feb. 19, 2016 at 9:13 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Why The Street Is Buying Adesto


Nov. 23, 2015 at 4:38 p.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Benzinga's Top Initiations


Nov. 23, 2015 at 9:43 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Quantum Materials Corp.
2.43%
$39.54M


Qorvo Inc.
-1.06%
$8.79B


Quantum Fuel Systems Technologies Worldwide Inc.
0.00%
$1.26M


Quantenna Communications Inc.
0.05%
$664.88M




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AKS

7.48%








GOOGL

-2.93%








STX

-18.56%








CAT

4.20%








MCD

3.96%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




9:36 AM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:36aTeamsters, state treasurers call for changes at McKesson in wake of opioid crisis
9:35aHome-price growth stays strong, and the West is still the best, Case-Shiller says
9:33aBREAKINGS&P 500 hits intraday record shortly after open 
9:33aNasdaq Composite falls less than 1%
9:32aS&P 500 hits intraday record at 2,478.56
9:32aS&P 500 up by more than 0.3%
9:32aDow Jones Industrial Average advances more than 150 points
9:31aStocks open mostly higher after batch of earnings
9:30aOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
9:30aThe shockingly subdued ‘fear index’ doesn’t mean what you think it means
9:29aInterpublic's stock pulls back sharply from 15-year high after profit and sales miss
9:26aStock market’s biggest risk is a ‘flash crash’, says ‘Flash Boys’ Katsuyama
9:26aAmazon Business customer tally tops one million in the U.S.
9:23aHere’s why Amazon, Facebook and the gang are not going to take down this market
9:20aDow. S&P 500 set to jump on bullish earnings, but Alphabet weighs on Nasdaq
9:19aSupervalu earnings miss, but revenue beats
9:17aAlphabet price target raised to $1050 from $1032 at B.Riley
9:17aDonald Trump may not want to take credit for the stock market just yet
9:16aMadison Square Garden stock price target raised to $260 from $240 at BTIG
7:00aCiti Ups the Ante in Premium Credit Card
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,646.84

+133.67
+0.62%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,400.16

-10.65
-0.17%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.30

+7.39
+0.30%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




9:36 AM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:36aTeamsters, state treasurers call for changes at McKesson in wake of opioid crisis
9:35aHome-price growth stays strong, and the West is still the best, Case-Shiller says
9:33aBREAKINGS&P 500 hits intraday record shortly after open 
9:33aNasdaq Composite falls less than 1%
9:32aS&P 500 hits intraday record at 2,478.56
9:32aS&P 500 up by more than 0.3%
9:32aDow Jones Industrial Average advances more than 150 points
9:31aStocks open mostly higher after batch of earnings
9:30aOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
9:30aThe shockingly subdued ‘fear index’ doesn’t mean what you think it means
9:29aInterpublic's stock pulls back sharply from 15-year high after profit and sales miss
9:26aStock market’s biggest risk is a ‘flash crash’, says ‘Flash Boys’ Katsuyama
9:26aAmazon Business customer tally tops one million in the U.S.
9:23aHere’s why Amazon, Facebook and the gang are not going to take down this market
9:20aDow. S&P 500 set to jump on bullish earnings, but Alphabet weighs on Nasdaq
9:19aSupervalu earnings miss, but revenue beats
9:17aAlphabet price target raised to $1050 from $1032 at B.Riley
9:17aDonald Trump may not want to take credit for the stock market just yet
9:16aMadison Square Garden stock price target raised to $260 from $240 at BTIG
7:00aCiti Ups the Ante in Premium Credit Card
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,646.85

+133.68
+0.62%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,400.62

-10.19
-0.16%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.30

+7.39
+0.30%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




9:36 AM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
9:36aTeamsters, state treasurers call for changes at McKesson in wake of opioid crisis
9:35aHome-price growth stays strong, and the West is still the best, Case-Shiller says
9:33aBREAKINGS&P 500 hits intraday record shortly after open 
9:33aNasdaq Composite falls less than 1%
9:32aS&P 500 hits intraday record at 2,478.56
9:32aS&P 500 up by more than 0.3%
9:32aDow Jones Industrial Average advances more than 150 points
9:31aStocks open mostly higher after batch of earnings
9:30aOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
9:30aThe shockingly subdued ‘fear index’ doesn’t mean what you think it means
9:29aInterpublic's stock pulls back sharply from 15-year high after profit and sales miss
9:26aStock market’s biggest risk is a ‘flash crash’, says ‘Flash Boys’ Katsuyama
9:26aAmazon Business customer tally tops one million in the U.S.
9:23aHere’s why Amazon, Facebook and the gang are not going to take down this market
9:20aDow. S&P 500 set to jump on bullish earnings, but Alphabet weighs on Nasdaq
9:19aSupervalu earnings miss, but revenue beats
9:17aAlphabet price target raised to $1050 from $1032 at B.Riley
9:17aDonald Trump may not want to take credit for the stock market just yet
9:16aMadison Square Garden stock price target raised to $260 from $240 at BTIG
7:00aCiti Ups the Ante in Premium Credit Card
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,646.84

+133.67
+0.62%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,400.16

-10.65
-0.17%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.30

+7.39
+0.30%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































IOTS Stock Price - Adesto Technologies Corp. Stock Quote (U.S.: Nasdaq) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,646.08


132.91


0.62%











S&P 500

2,477.24


7.33


0.30%











Nasdaq

6,399.05


-11.75


-0.18%











GlobalDow

2,849.20


18.25


0.64%











Gold

1,258.80


-1.90


-0.15%











Oil

47.35


1.01


2.18%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



FCX 
8.4




RIG 
4.4




CAT 
4.2




MCD 
4.0






STX
-18.4




IPG
-9.5




WAT
-6.2




MU
-5.6














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








9:36a

Teamsters, state treasurers call for changes at McKesson in wake of opioid crisis



9:35a

Updated
Home-price growth stays strong, and the West is still the best, Case-Shiller says



9:33a

Breaking
S&P 500 hits intraday record shortly after open 



9:32a

Nasdaq Composite falls less than 1%



9:32a

S&P 500 hits intraday record at 2,478.56



9:32a

S&P 500 up by more than 0.3%



9:31a

Dow Jones Industrial Average advances more than 150 points



7:00a

Citi Ups the Ante in Premium Credit Card



9:30a

Stocks open mostly higher after batch of earnings



9:30a

Updated
One depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


IOTS


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
Nasdaq

 



IOTS
U.S.: Nasdaq


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Adesto Technologies Corp.

Watchlist 
CreateIOTSAlert



  


Open

Last Updated: Jul 24, 2017 4:00 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
4.85



0.00
0.00%






Previous Close




$4.8500





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




46.04% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    34.6K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 75.2K
            





Open: 4.95
Last: 4.85



4.8500
Day Low/High
5.0000





Day Range



1.5000
52 Week Low/High
5.8000


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$4.95



Day Range
4.8500 - 5.0000



52 Week Range
1.5000 - 5.8000



Market Cap
$97.53M



Shares Outstanding
20.11M



Public Float
10.94M



Beta
1.30



Rev. per Employee
$446.53K



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$-0.85



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
181.55K
06/30/17


% of Float Shorted
1.66%



Average Volume
75.16K




 


Performance




5 Day


-1.02%







1 Month


0.00%







3 Month


-8.49%







YTD


162.16%







1 Year


28.31%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones










Adesto Technologies price target raised to $7 from $5 at Benchmark Research


Apr. 7, 2017 at 7:55 a.m. ET
by Tonya Garcia









Adesto Technologies downgraded to perform from outperform at Oppenheimer


Apr. 14, 2016 at 10:55 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore







No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Chipmakers Microsemi, Skyworks Solutions Snare Fresh Buy Ratings
Chipmakers Microsemi (MSCC) and Skyworks Solutions (SWKS) received bullish reports from Wall Street analysts on Thursday. Goldman Sachs upgraded Microsemi to buy from neutral with a 12-month price target of 55, while Argus Research initiated coverage of Skyworks with a buy rating and price target of 120. Microsemi was up 1.7%, near 48.15, in morning trading on the stock market today. Skyworks stock was up 1.2%, near 98.75. Aliso Viejo,

Jul. 6, 2017 at 11:42 a.m. ET
on Investors Business Daily





10-Q/A: ADESTO TECHNOLOGIES CORP
10-Q/A: ADESTO TECHNOLOGIES CORP

Jun. 19, 2017 at 4:11 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





These 4 Chip Stocks Earned Price-Target Hikes
Chipmakers Analog Devices (ADI) and Semtech (SMTC) received stock price-target hikes on Thursday after posting quarterly results, while industry peers Cirrus Logic (CRUS) and Tower Semiconductor (TSEM) also merited increases. [ibd-display-video id=543786 width=50 float=left]  Analog Devices Norwood, Mass.-based Analog Devices earned at least three price-target increases after posting fiscal second-quarter results early Wednesday that beat

Jun. 1, 2017 at 11:04 a.m. ET
on Investors Business Daily





Finish Line Inc (FINL) and WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc  (WFBI) Lead 9 Investor Filings
Finish Line Inc (FINL) and WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc  (WFBI) Lead 9 Investor Filings

May. 26, 2017 at 4:00 p.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Zacks.com featured highlights: LAKELAND BANCORP, Daqo New Energy, China Lodging Group, Electro Scientific Industries and Adesto Technologies
Zacks.com featured highlights: LAKELAND BANCORP, Daqo New Energy, China Lodging Group, Electro Scientific Industries and Adesto Technologies

May. 16, 2017 at 9:30 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





5 Stocks to Buy on New Analyst Coverage
Analysts are privy to vital information and are crucial to investment decisions. So, it's a good strategy to bet on stocks that have seen increased analyst coverage over the last few weeks.

May. 15, 2017 at 9:41 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





10-Q: ADESTO TECHNOLOGIES CORP
10-Q: ADESTO TECHNOLOGIES CORP

May. 15, 2017 at 2:24 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Adesto Technologies Corp's (IOTS) CEO Narbeh Derhacobian on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
Adesto Technologies Corp's (IOTS) CEO Narbeh Derhacobian on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

May. 13, 2017 at 3:01 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Adesto Technologies (IOTS) Shows Strength: Stock Gains 18%


Apr. 18, 2017 at 8:15 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Week 16 Breakout Forecast: Short-Term Picks To Give You An Edge


Apr. 15, 2017 at 4:59 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Unique Opportunity Knocks With 180 Degree Capital


Apr. 4, 2017 at 11:31 a.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





10-K: ADESTO TECHNOLOGIES CORP


Mar. 24, 2017 at 6:09 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Adesto Technologies (IOTS) Presents At 29th Annual ROTH Conference


Mar. 15, 2017 at 2:20 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Adams Street Partners Llc Buys New Relic, Alphabet, Salesforce. ...


Mar. 13, 2017 at 6:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Will Adesto Technologies (IOTS) Continue to Surge Higher?


Feb. 22, 2017 at 8:22 a.m. ET
on Zacks.com





Adesto Technologies' (IOTS) CEO Narbeh Derhacobian on Q4 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


Feb. 14, 2017 at 11:15 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Adesto Technologies' (IOTS) CEO Narbeh Derhacobian on Q3 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


Oct. 30, 2016 at 7:27 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: ADESTO TECHNOLOGIES CORP


Aug. 15, 2016 at 3:15 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Adesto Technologies' (IOTS) CEO Narbeh Derhacobian on Q2 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


Aug. 9, 2016 at 11:56 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Adesto Technologies' (IOTS) CEO Narbeh Derhacobian on Q1 2016 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


May. 8, 2016 at 6:15 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









Adesto Technologies to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on August 3
Adesto Technologies to Announce Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on August 3

Jul. 21, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto Technologies Introduces New Solution to Enable Smart Home Products
Adesto Technologies Introduces New Solution to Enable Smart Home Products

Jul. 12, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto Technologies Announces Exercise of Over-Allotment Option By Underwriters
Adesto Technologies Announces Exercise of Over-Allotment Option By Underwriters

Jun. 29, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto to address requirements for ultra-low power memory technologies in IoT devices at Sensors Expo & Conference
Adesto to address requirements for ultra-low power memory technologies in IoT devices at Sensors Expo & Conference

Jun. 21, 2017 at 4:05 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto Technologies Corporation Prices Public Offering of Common Stock
Adesto Technologies Corporation Prices Public Offering of Common Stock

Jun. 15, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto Technologies Corporation Announces Proposed Public Offering of Common Stock
Adesto Technologies Corporation Announces Proposed Public Offering of Common Stock

Jun. 14, 2017 at 4:00 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Conexant Systems Selects Adesto Technologies Serial Flash for AudioSmart(TM)  Development Kits
Conexant Systems Selects Adesto Technologies Serial Flash for AudioSmart(TM)  Development Kits

May. 16, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto Technologies Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results
Adesto Technologies Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results

May. 10, 2017 at 4:06 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Investor Network: Adesto Technologies Corporation to Host Earnings Call
Investor Network: Adesto Technologies Corporation to Host Earnings Call

May. 10, 2017 at 11:08 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Adesto Technologies to Present at the Oppenheimer Conference on May 16
Adesto Technologies to Present at the Oppenheimer Conference on May 16

May. 4, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto Technologies to Announce First Quarter 2017 Financial Results on May 10


Apr. 18, 2017 at 9:06 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto's DataFlash(R) Memory Enables Smart Features and Longer Battery-Life in the Ozobot(R) Evo, the Connected Social Robot


Feb. 28, 2017 at 4:31 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Non-Volatile Memory Market by Type, EEPROM, NVSRAM, Embedded, EPROM, 3D NAND, MRAM/STTMRAM, FRAM, RERAM/CBRAM, NVDIMM, PCM, 3D XPOINT, NRAM, End-User Industry, and Geography - Global Forecast to 2022


Feb. 27, 2017 at 6:26 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Adesto Technologies to Present at the ROTH Conference on March 14


Feb. 23, 2017 at 9:01 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto Technologies Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results


Feb. 14, 2017 at 4:06 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto Technologies to Announce Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2016 Financial Results on February 14


Jan. 24, 2017 at 9:01 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto Technologies to Present at the Needham Growth Conference on January 12


Jan. 4, 2017 at 9:01 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto Introduces Ultra Low Power EEPROM Memory Family Designed for Better IoT Security


Dec. 7, 2016 at 4:31 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto Technologies to Participate at the Benchmark Micro Cap Discovery Conference


Nov. 17, 2016 at 9:06 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Adesto Technologies to Participate at the ROTH Technology Corporate Access Day on November 16


Nov. 2, 2016 at 9:06 a.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire











Adesto Technologies Corp.


            
            Adesto Technologies Corp. engages in the development, manufacture, and market of non-volatile memory ("NVM") products. It offers conductive-bridging random access memory, DataFlash, Mavriq Medical, Moneta ultra low power NVM, power line communication, embedded licensing, and boot memory. The company was founded by Narbeh Derhacobian, Ishai Naveh, and Shane Hollmer in 2007 and is headquartered in Sunnyvale, CA.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  




Analyst Ratings



Sell
Under
Hold
Over
Buy

Number of Ratings 3
Full Ratings 





Benzinga's Top Initiations


Feb. 19, 2016 at 9:13 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Why The Street Is Buying Adesto


Nov. 23, 2015 at 4:38 p.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





Benzinga's Top Initiations


Nov. 23, 2015 at 9:43 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Quantum Materials Corp.
2.43%
$39.54M


Qorvo Inc.
-1.06%
$8.79B


Quantum Fuel Systems Technologies Worldwide Inc.
0.00%
$1.26M


Quantenna Communications Inc.
0.05%
$664.88M




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AKS

7.79%








GOOGL

-2.94%








STX

-18.59%








CAT

4.19%








MCD

3.96%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.










Adesto Technologies Corp's (IOTS) CEO Narbeh Derhacobian on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Adesto Technologies Corp's (IOTS) CEO Narbeh Derhacobian on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptMay.13.17 | About: Adesto Technologies (IOTS) Adesto Technologies Corp (NASDAQ:IOTS)
Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call
May 10, 2017, 17:00 ET
Executives
Narbeh Derhacobian - President and CEO
Leanne Sievers - President
Ron Shelton - CFO
Analysts
Suji Desilva - ROTH Capital Partners
Rajvindra Gill - Needham & Company
Rick Schafer - Oppenheimer
Gary Mobley - Benchmark
Orin Hirschman - AIGH Investment Partners
Operator
Welcome to the Adesto Technologies First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode.
At the conclusion of today's conference call, instructions will be given for the question and answer session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded today, May 10, 2017. I would now like to turn the call over to Leanne Sievers of Shelton Group Investor Relations. Leanne, please go ahead.
Leanne Sievers
Good afternoon and welcome to Adesto Technologies First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Leanne Sievers, President of Shelton Group, Adesto's Investor Relations Firm.
Joining me today are Narbeh Derhacobian, Adesto's President and CEO and Ron Shelton, Chief Financial Officer.
Before I turn the call over to Narbeh, I would like to remind our listeners that during the course of this conference call, the company will provide financial guidance, projections, comments and other forward-looking statements regarding feature market developments, the feature financial performance of the company, new products or other matters.
These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that we discuss in detail in our documents filed with the SEC, specifically, the final perspectives related to our initial public offering and our most recent 10Q which identify important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements.
Also, the company's press release and management statements during this conference call will include discussions of certain non-GAAP financial measures.
These financial measures and related GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations are provided in the company's press release and related current report on form 8-K which can be found at the investor relation section of Adesto's website at www.adestotech.com.
For those of you unable to listen to the entire call at this time, a recording will be available via webcast on the company's website. And now, I'll turn the call over to Adesto's President and CEO, Narbeh Derhacobian. Narbeh, please go ahead.
Narbeh Derhacobian
Thank you, Leanne. Welcome to everyone joining us today. As highlighted in our press release today, I am pleased with our execution in the first quarter.
With the revenue at high end upper guidance, operating expenses below guidance where it was below guidance enabling us to be well on track to achieve our target at EBITDA breakeven and by middle of the year.
Entering the second quarter, we're excited to see a strong backlog and bookings in our business driven by design wins that are ramping into production across our customer base.
Additionally, we had another strong quarter of new design wins, in which we secured over 90 design wins totaling an annual revenue runway potential of $5 million. Of course, assuming design wins reaching full production and it's always subject to market conditions. This continued momentum of new opportunities should help to secure our expected growth in the second half of 2017 and into 2018.
From an end market perspective, approximately 40% of the design wins were secured in the industrial market, while consumer markets represented approximately 20% of the wins.
Notable design wins included a high volume smart lighting application as well as wins for communication modules in personal computing devices and a high-volume smartphone application.

I had also indicated previously that we started an initiative to focus on large tier 1 ODMs to secure high-volume revenue opportunities for our products. And I'm happy to indicate that in Q1 2017, we secured design wins with several such customers in computing and communication end markets.
These customers are utilizing multiple Adesto products across different applications demonstrating the increasing content and the breath of opportunities we have across our client base.
As a direct result of our focus on diversifying and expanding our customer base over two-thirds of the design wins in the first quarter with new customers.
Another key initiative for us has been to further diversify our business beyond our stronghold in the industrial market into markets where the duration from design win to production shorter and represents higher volume opportunities.
In the first quarter, we had success along these lines as well. Of the top 10 design wins secured in the first quarter ranked by annual dollar value, approximately half are in consumer market and the other half in computing.
One of our biggest assets is our large and top tier customer base. We supply our customers in a variety of ways including direct, through distribution, fulfillment houses and through contract manufacturers.
Hence, as I indicated previously, it's not a trivial task to trace accurately design win conversion wins into production. The last several quarters, we have put forth efforts to identify cases where we can clearly track design wins through the channel and into mass production with the end customers. And I'd like to share this data with you.
Looking at the design wins in 2016 that could be traced clearly in the channel and into production, we can say that approximately two-thirds of them have started to ramp into production. Some are early in their production and some have ramped as expected.
As we progress through the year, additional design wins was also beginning ramping into production, layering onto this growing pipeline of revenue generating designs. This is encouraging as it validates our investment and focus on expanding our base to support our growth profile as evidenced by our expectations for the second quarter.
In terms of our top 20 revenue customers in the first quarter, the revenue breakdown by end market consisted of 42% from industrial market, 39% from consumer market and the remaining 19% is spread across communication, medical, automotive and computing. Examples of applications that are currently in volume production at these customers includes, smart meters as our largest customer, universal remotes, personal tracking devices, streaming TV and media player and many others.
With that, let me take a few minutes to talk about some of our product families in more detail. In the first quarter, we taped out our 65nm version of our 32Mb DataFlash family. This is a follow up tape out at 65-nanometer, as we taped out at 64Mb DataFlash last year as we communicated to you. This is a cost reduction initiative for our DataFlash family.
We will be sampling these products with our leading industrial customers for the rest of the year and into 2018. Also, during the quarter, we continue to make progress sampling our AT35 DataFlash products that are designed specifically for the Asia smart meter market. As I've mentioned previously, this is product family that offers limited feature set, alternative targeting China smart meter customers and is more suitable for the cost-conscious metering and industrial markets, such as the ones in China.
We continue to monitor market demand for DataFlash to see the need for densities beyond 32 and 64Mb at advance notes and will roll out those efforts into our planning when appropriate. We have close working relationships with our metering and industrial customers and always align our development efforts with our partners' product roadmaps. Turning to our Fusion family, we continue to generate increasing revenue and interest for this product. As I mentioned last quarter, this product family had experienced a rapid ramping shipments becoming one of our fasted growing lines.

As many of you know, our existing portfolio are Fusion Flash products range from 256Kb to 4Mb. In order to expand these offerings, we have focused our development efforts on additional densities starting with 8Mb, 16Mb and 32Mb. which we expect to tape out in the fourth quarter. We expect to sample these additional densities in mid-2018. Looking at our EcoXip product family, we also continue to make solid progress on our development and sampling activities. Engineering samples of our 32Mb device have been provided to our early customers and partners.
The broader rollup of this product will occur in the fourth quarter and in 2018. We have started design activity of 128Mb EcoXip and expect to tape out this product this quarter. The 64Mb version of the EcoXip will be taped out later this year.
By mid-2018, we believe we should have 32Mb, 64Mb and 128Mb versions of the EcoXip in various levels of silicon sampling and hopefully in production with some of our early partners. Our EcoXip products can be deployed in many types of IoT and embedded devices, including wearables, medical monitors, POS controllers, sensors and beacons.
Leading MCU and system-on-chip customers such as NXP/Qualcomm are among the early designing customers. Industry leaders believe that as Soc and MCUs move to 28nm and below, embedding non-volatile memory functionality becomes extremely expensive.
EcoXip offers an ideal solution for such cases where performance, cost and power characteristics of an EcoXip device, as a System-in-Package becomes an attractive alternative to today's solutions.
Last quarter, we also taped-out a version of our Mavriq family designed for the camera module per plan. This is 128Kb serial non-volatile memory device, that's ideally suited for this growing market.
We believe this is a very large market opportunity for Adesto and we'll be actively engaged with customers and contract manufacturers to assess their specific needs, while also furthering seeding the market.
This opportunity becomes even more attractive as the density requirements increase in the coming years because the Mavriq platform-base devices are more cost effective than alternative EEProm which are used today. We continue to work toward securing design wins for this application and expect to make notable progress into this market over the coming quarters. Lastly, in terms of Standard Serial Flash product family, we continue to gain significant traction with this product in terms of sampling and getting qualified in various high-volume opportunities for notebooks and tablets as well as consumer end markets.
During the first quarter, we secured notable design wins for high-volume smart lighting applications with a leading SoC company. This particular design win is ramping into production this year. We have also secured design wins in a wearables application with a global navigation and variable technology company.
As many of you recall, we began increasing our investment activity around this product group in the third quarter of 2016, as an extension of our strategy to pursue higher unit volumes and faster ramping opportunities, to further diversify our customer base and revenue.
Since that time, we have made notable progress with customers as well as expansion of our product offerings across densities. These products have helped drive additional revenue opportunities near term, as the result of the shorter design cycles, by also broadening our footprint with customers.
As I mentioned last quarter, we anticipate revenue contribution from these products to approach approximately 15% exiting the year which will represents a significant underlying growth rate for this time.
In summary, we look to the second quarter, the combination of design wins ramping into production and continued traction with new products is driving our expectation for strong growth, with revenue projected to grow 25% year-over-year.

Entering Q2, we have record bookings and backlogs and we're seeing this trend continue as we progress through the quarter. This sets the stage for continued momentum across our end markets and product families in the second half of this year.
With that, I will now turn the call over to Ron to review the first quarter financial results in more detail as well as more details on our second quarter outlook. Ron?
Ron Shelton
Thanks, Narbeh and thanks, everyone, for joining today. Revenue in the first quarter, ended March 31, 2017, was 11.3 million and that was at the high end of our guidance and representing an increase of approximately 11.1% from the 10.2 million in the first quarter of last year and it was down seasonally 8.3% from $12.3 million last quarter.
Gross margin in the first quarter was 49.1% as compared to 49.1% in the first quarter of 2016 and 50.6% last quarter. Gross margins continue to remain at the high end of our long term model and reflect the fact that the market continues to embrace the value added differentiated solutions we provide. The slight decline sequentially in gross margin was due to primary to product mix and the impacted of fixed costs on a lower revenue base.
We continue to expect gross margins to remain near 50%, but, on a quarter to quarter basis, they may fluctuate approximately 100 to 200 basis points. Longer term gross margins will continue to be supported by new products with higher value added content, continued cost reduction initiatives and migration to lower process notes. In addition, we continue to experience a favorable pricing and competitive environment and anticipated pricing pressure in 2017 will remain subdued.
GAAP operating expenses in the first quarter were $8.1 million as compared to $6.3 million in the prior year quarter and that quarter included a gain of $2 million from a settlement with the former foundry supplier.
GAAP operating expenses in the fourth quarter of 2016 were $7.8 million. On a non-GAAP basis operating expenses in the first quarter were $7.0 million as compared to $7.1 million in the first quarter of 2016 and $6.7 million in the prior quarter. For the full year 2017, we expect non-GAAP OPEX to remain relatively flat when compared to 2016.
Now, looking at first quarter non-GAAP OPEX in more detail, R&D expenses were $3 million as compared to $3.6 million in the first quarter of 2016 and $3 million in the prior quarter.
We continue to focus our resources on several market opportunities that we believe can have a more near term revenue contribution and that's resulted in lower R&D expenditures.
Non-GAAP sales and marketing expenses were $2.2 million as compared to $2.2 million in the year ago period and $2.3 million last quarter. Non-GAAP G&A expenses were $1.8 million as compared to $1.3 million in the year ago quarter and $1.3 million last quarter. Stock base comp in the first quarter was $824,000, amortization of intangible assets was $309,000 and depreciation in amortization was $304,000.
Accounting for these items, adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter of 2017 was a loss of $1.1 million, as compared to a loss of 1.9 million in the first quarter of 2016 and a loss of $111,000 last quarter.
GAAP net loss for the first quarter was $2.8 million or $0.18 per share, as compared to a net loss of $1.5 million or $0.10 per share in the first quarter of 2016 and a net loss of $1.7 million or $0.11 per share in the fourth quarter of 2016.
First quarter non-GAAP net loss was $1.6 million, so $0.10 per share, as compared to net loss of $2.4 million or $0.16 per share in the first quarter of 2016 and a net loss of $0.6 million or $0.04 per share in the fourth quarter of 2016. Share count used to compute the fourth quarter GAAP and non-GAAP net loss was 15.6 million shares.

In terms of balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $17.5 million in cash. Inventory at the end of the quarter was $4.3 million, that's down from $5.2 million last quarter. Our inventory metrics have continued to improve over last year and this quarter exceeded our targeted turns of 4X. Accounts receivable was $6.1 million, that represents a DSO of approximately every 48 days.
Now, with respect to guidance for the second quarter of 2017, we currently expect to achieve a record revenue level ranging between $12.8 million to $13.1 million.
At the midpoint, this implies year over year revenue growth of 25%. Gross margin for the second quarter is expected to range between 48% and 50%. GAAP operating expenses are expected to range between $8.3 million and $8.5 million and non-GAAP operating expenses between $7.1 million and $7.3 million.
Stock base comp in the second quarter will be approximately $900,000, amortization of intangible assets will be approximately $300,000 and depreciation and amortization will be approximately $400,000. Weighted average shares outstanding are expected to be approximately 15.8 million shares in the second quarter.
So, before opening the call of questions, I'd like to summarize my comments and operating objectives. First, we continue to control operating expenses and demonstrate leverage in our operating model. Second, we expect to grow revenue in the second quarter by 25% over the prior year period and set a new quarterly record. Third, we're on track to achieve our target of EBITDA breakeven by the middle of the year. Fourth, we have direct access to additional working capital exceeded with our recently filed shelf offering which has been declared effective by the SEC. And lastly, we remain focus on winning more designs and new customers in the months ahead.
With that, we'll open the call to questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
[Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Gary Mobley of Benchmark. Your line is open.
Gary Mobley
Good afternoon, gentlemen. Congrats on a strong quarter and a strong guide. A question about the pricing environment, I think it's been pretty well documented that some of your more commodity or competitors or comparables over in Taiwan had been raising prices and experiencing tight supply. And it's also my understanding that you guys have preterm and pricing schedules with customers. So, how has this overall pricing environment impacted you? Is it a situation where your ASPs are falling slower than expected or is it helping your design win traction as an alternative to these commodity memories since it might be more price comparable?
Narbeh Derhacobian
Hi, Gary. It's Narbeh. It's more -- the effect for us is more of the latter. So, as I mentioned previously, when we do engage with our customer on applications with specific solutions. The alternative for the customer is always to go the commodity route. And of course, we have to offer enough value with our solutions and ask a premium over the commodity that is just enough so the economics make sense for the customer.
So, when prices are firming up on commodity devices with the types of more in securing design wins which is good for us because as you know, this become more sticky design wins. The effect we're seeing today in terms of more immediate guides on where we ended up the quarter, like you said, is in part negotiating with the customers in the past and this recent price stability with the commodity supplier is not really affecting us that much.
Gary Mobley
Okay. As it relates to the supply environment or tight supply environment or Flash, are you affected at all by perhaps some extremely utilization rates with some of your foundry partners?
Narbeh Derhacobian
That's always a concern. Obviously, when you have supply tightening the market and you know, we've seen this before and we work very closely with our suppliers at various level and just to ensure that, you know, we can deliver to the customers. So, we're aware of it and just like any of the other memory suppliers are and we're on top of it. And right now, we're not seeing any major concerns from that part.

Gary Mobley
Okay. That's it for me. Thanks for taking my question, guys.
Narbeh Derhacobian
Sure.
Operator
Our next question comes from Suji Desilva of ROTH Capital. Your line is open.
Suji Desilva
Hi, Narbeh, hi, Ron. Congratulations on the strong results and guidance here. So, as we look at 2017's growth, we would be expecting, do you think it comes more from the consumer side, more from the industrial side or is it fairly balanced out or is there seasonality there?
Narbeh Derhacobian
You mean for the rest of the year?
Suji Desilva
Correct.
Narbeh Derhacobian
Well, I tell you, it's broad-based for us. I think we've seen -- you know, for example, we've seen some of our leading returning customers basically ramping into productions. Again, these are all the design wins that we piled up and we've been talking about on different conference calls and conferences, you know, they are beginning to ramp into production and you know, the industrial always has a longer lead time on consumer. So, I think that's the effects we're seeing. We don't see any particular market segment standing out either in a positive or a negative way.
Suji Desilva
Okay. Good. That's helpful. And then, the new products that are coming online to help you grow with EcoXip and others, are they on schedule to track to production versus where you expect it three months ago, are any coming in sooner or any perhaps getting put out a little bit? That color would be helpful.
Narbeh Derhacobian
Well, everything is on schedule. You know, we're aware. You know, the products that we taped out in the first quarter and are sampling with the early customers and I shed some color as what to expect for the rest of the year from new products tape-outs today in the call. So far, everything is on schedule.
Suji Desilva
Okay. And then a quick question for Ron. Ron, the headcount kind of expectation the end of year versus now, are you expecting to grow that count much or is that something that's relatively in place now?
Ron Shelton
You know, for the most part in place, there might be one or two ads here or there but it's effectively in place.
Suji Desilva
Okay. Two last questions. One on the China meter market. Is that one that you think has a good kind of ramp opportunity in the second half because of the potential volumes there? Is that something that comes in slowly? Any thoughts there would be helpful.
Narbeh Derhacobian
No, I wouldn't -- I -- yes. I think it's like any industrial market, it will be a slow ramp. And if we have a key milestone outside what I just talked about, we will basically communicate that. But right now, we're just seeing an increased level of sampling activity for the various industrial markets, metering being just one of them in Asia.
Suji Desilva
Okay. And then just one last clarification. Lighting, is that going to be an industrial category or a consumer category or a mix of both?
Narbeh Derhacobian
We put that in the consumer space.
Suji Desilva
Okay. Great. Thanks, guys. Once again, congratulations.
Ron Shelton
Thanks, Suji.
Operator
Our next question comes from Rick Schafer of Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Rick Schafer
Yes. Thanks, guys. And I'll add my congratulation as well. Maybe a follow up first to an earlier question. Would you be able to compare the revenue contribution from Fusion Flash, you know you have CBRam today and then maybe where you expect that kind of mix to look or what you expect it to look like exiting this year? Just to kind of give us an idea of the relative -- maybe what relative growth rates are.
Ron Shelton
Yes. Hey, Rick. This is Ron. You know, today and historically DataFlash has been about 80% of the revenue and I guess as we go through the year, you know, Narbeh talked about in his earlier comments that the standard Flash products may exit the year at 15 or around 15% of overall revenue. And Fusion will come up as we go through the year. So, I would expect DataFlash to probably come down closer to 80% and with the balance split between standard serial Flash and Fusion.

This year, CBRam or -- and EcoXip aren't a material contributor to revenue and those will start to ramp sometime in 2018.
Rick Schafer
Okay. Thanks. And then, speaking of CBRam, I mean, when we would look out toward earlier '18 or when you expect it to start ramping, where do you see initial traction being the strongest there, you know, if you're talking about and end market, like industrial or consumer PC elsewhere?
Narbeh Derhacobian
Yes. So, again, I would focus more on the product families, right. So, if I look the Mavriq which is I think what you're referring to, the Mavriq family, our main focus especially with this new camera module specific product that we taped-out is the camera module market. Obviously, we've been getting qualified sampling with some contract manufacturers, as I mentioned in that area, just to seed the market. And right now, we're engaged with all the top tier camera module manufacturers, showcasing what we have today and also letting them know what's the new camera module specific product which is about to -- we should have samples of that late in the year.
So, once we have a design win, I would be able to shed more color on that but our focus is going to be there in terms of the camera module market in 2018.
Rick Schafer
Got it. Thanks, guys. That's it for me.
Operator
Our next question comes from Rajvindra Gill of Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Rajvindra Gill
Yes. Thanks for taking my questions and I echo the congratulations. So, a question on the EcoXip product. Can you talk a little bit about the -- you know, the ASP for the product and the density for the product, you know, relative to the Fusion family? I would assume it would have higher ASPs potentially, maybe if you could elaborate on that, that would be helpful.
Narbeh Derhacobian
Sure. So, first, in terms of density, there is the first EcoXip product that we produced, we have samples again, either a 32Mb. And you're right, typically, the EcoXip products are targeting higher density applications. So -- and I mentioned, we're taping out the 128-megabyte version of the EcoXip this quarter. And really, the way we decide what to tape out when is really the engagement with lead high volume customers to understand timing of when they are releasing their SoCs of MCUs to intercept with that.
In terms of ASPs, naturally, they are higher than the Fusion because, first of all, just with the memory. So, it's a bigger die, a discrete higher density, higher ASP. But also, more importantly, the business model of EcoXip is slightly different than the Fusion. The Fusion typically is sold as component package device. We some opportunities that we sell Fusion as a Known Good Die. But in the case of EcoXip, the equation is reverse. So, we'd be selling that more in terms of Known Good Dies as a system in package applications.
And so, as such, the cost of the package and the -- you know, the final test is not a part of the product. So, average ASPs, I would say, you know, it's -- you're looking above $0.50, $0.60. Again, it depends on the customers and volumes and so forth. Whereas, Fusion family on the average ASPs, you're looking at, you know, less than -- you know, close to half or less than that.
Rajvindra Gill
All right. That's helpful. And we talk a little bit about -- you know, on the Fusion Flash business. In the last quarter, you said that you had shipped about 20 million Fusion Flash units and you expect that to double in 2017. Are we still on track there and can you maybe talk a little bit about some of the specific demand drivers for the Fusion Flash product this year? Has the design mix been changing for you?
Narbeh Derhacobian
Yes. So, the main driver again is vastly operated connected devices like Bluetooth and so forth. In terms of being on track for the half year, the answer is yes. If I look at volume shipment quarter Q1 of '17 versus '16, we're up significantly over last year for this quarter. So, we're on track for -- to hit the numbers that we talked about in 2017.

Rajvindra Gill
And the last question for me, Ron, in terms of the balance sheet, how do we think about deleveraging? I think in the past you had said that you were -- you know, there's a goal to pay down the debt. How do we think about debt repayment and going forward? Thank you.
Ron Shelton
Sure. So, the terms that's amotizing right now is amortizing about a million seven a quarter. So, you know, from -- we talked about getting EBITDA positive in the middle of this year you take that combined with, you know, growing revenues, growing profitability, you know, managing working capital well, we have enough capital today to service debt and run the business.
Rajvindra Gill
Thank you.
Narbeh Derhacobian
Yes.
Operator
Our next question comes from Orin Hirschman of AIGH Investment Partners. Your line is open.
Orin Hirschman
Hi. How are you?
Narbeh Derhacobian
Hi, Orin. How are you?
Orin Hirschman
Good. Okay. I'm good. I'll ask you two question for now. One is, you had mentioned in the passing of the NXP, what you are working on with NXP, with Qualcomm. Is that -- were you referring to reference designs or were you referring to actually the first early design wins? Sorry, I wasn't clear on that.
Narbeh Derhacobian
So, we talked about this. In fact, there was a press release on this as well, the joint press release with NXP. So, it's a design win for EcoXip product. And again, this one, because it's -- really the product is being sold two ways to the customer. In one case, it's going to be as a Known Good Die to be attached within the package with MCUs and the second case, it would be a part of reference designs. So, it's a combination of what you just mentioned.
Orin Hirschman
Okay. But that first design was what you were -- design win was what you were referring to?
Narbeh Derhacobian
No. So, what -- in case of the EcoXip, the customer has to incorporate basically the interface to be able to take full advantage of the EcoXip inside their SOC or MCUs.
Orin Hirschman
Okay.
Narbeh Derhacobian
So, in the case of several customers and actually being one of them, they have done that.
Orin Hirschman
Okay.
Narbeh Derhacobian
In fact, we designed the part in collaboration with several competing customers like NXP.
Orin Hirschman
Okay. And just going back to the camera modules, were you actually in - even if its very small volumes today or are you actually in the commercial module?
Narbeh Derhacobian
No, we're not. So, what we did is we were able to showcase the benefits of the Mavriq platform with a large contract manufacturer in the camera module. And together, we went to bid on a camera module business of a large Chinese camera module maker. What happened is the camera module marker decided to go with a different contract manufacturer. So, we, Adesto, lost that opportunity. But what it ended up happening is we realized it's a huge opportunity and the Mavriq platform is ideally suited for this application today and where it's going two, three, four years down the road. So, we put a concerted effort to design solutions specific for that end market.
And since then, this was about a year ago, we've been engaged with other contract manufacturers as well as module makers to kind of prepare them for this new product that we'll be releasing end of the year.
Orin Hirschman
And is the driver there the module maker or is the driver the actual end customer that makes what's in the handset?
Narbeh Derhacobian
For -- the first one is the module maker. Benefits is -- can't come to the module maker, the contract manufacturer or the end camera user because end of today, we're using the cost of embedding camera modules in gadgets.
Orin Hirschman
Okay. Great. Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator
There are no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to Narbeh for any closing remarks.

Narbeh Derhacobian
Thank you. Thanks for joining us today. Before I conclude today's call, I'd like to let everyone know that we will be hosting meetings in New York around the Oppenheimer Emerging Growth Conference and Needham Emerging Tech Conference May 16th and 17th. If you would like to request a meeting, please contact the Shelton Group at sheltonir@sheltongroup.com.
We appreciate your time and look forward to providing updates on our next earnings call. Have a good evening, everyone. Thank you.
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Technology, Semiconductor - Broad Line, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All IOTS TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Technology Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Technology StocksLogitech International S.A. 2018 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesLOGI• Today, 9:19 AM • SA TranscriptsAMD: Brace YourselfAMD• Today, 9:06 AM • Kumquat Research•7 CommentsBlue Apron: Quiet Period Ends. Prepare To Sell The Bounce.APRN• Today, 8:14 AM • Bull & Bear Trading•4 CommentsIs It Time To Unfriend Facebook?FB• Today, 8:00 AM • NYC Trader•19 CommentsWhat's Driving Alphabet's Stock Price Weakness?GOOG, GOOGL• Today, 7:00 AM • D.M. Martins Research•10 CommentsWhy 'Dunkirk's' Success Means Much More To AT&T Than Investors May ThinkT• Today, 5:57 AM • The Entertainment Oracle•3 CommentsAmazon - The Many Thematic Tailwinds Pushing It ForwardAMZN• Today, 5:53 AM • Tematica Research•6 CommentsTableau Needs To Move Beyond Data VisualizationDATA• Today, 5:16 AM • Prasanna Rajagopal•3 CommentsKnowles Corporation: A Solid Investment IdeaKN• Today, 1:45 AM • The Knife Catcher•2 CommentsMomo 8.0: The Unavoidable ChangeMOMO• Yesterday, 11:39 PM • Ang Shen•3 CommentsA Critical Day For AT&TT• Yesterday, 11:23 PM • Quad 7 Capital•23 CommentsSamsung Wants A Piece Of TSMCSSNLF, TSM• Yesterday, 10:36 PM • Mark Hibben•9 CommentsSiemens Is Cheap And Healthineers Helps To Unlock The ValueSIEGY• Yesterday, 10:24 PM • Wubbe Bos•5 CommentsSnap: The Next Twitter?SNAP• Yesterday, 8:58 PM • Activist Stocks•42 CommentsAlphabet: Ignore The One-Time ChargesGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 8:46 PM • Stone Fox Capital•18 CommentsBaidu: Strong Upside, A Short-Term Trigger And A Bright FutureBIDU• Yesterday, 8:09 PM • Value Investigator•10 CommentsWhy You Should Sell Your Apple Shares Before The Next iPhone ReleaseAAPL• Yesterday, 7:42 PM • Michael A. Ball•107 CommentsFirst Solar - Q2 Earnings PreviewFSLR• Yesterday, 7:17 PM • Morningsidepark•6 CommentsLook Beyond The Storm Clouds Hovering Over Silicon MotionEditors' Pick • SIMO• Yesterday, 7:14 PM • Jenks Jumps•3 CommentsRambus, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesRMBS• Yesterday, 7:01 PM • SA TranscriptsGroupon Should Still Have A Place In Your Long-Term PortfolioGRPN• Yesterday, 6:45 PM • Julie Kent•6 CommentsApple iPhone 8 Expectations Trending Lower Ahead Of EarningsAAPL• Yesterday, 5:45 PM • Alex Cho•41 CommentsPositioning For Verizon EarningsVZ• Yesterday, 5:43 PM • Josh Arnold•15 CommentsMicrosoft: Shareholders Are Set To Benefit From This StockMSFT• Yesterday, 5:27 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•14 CommentsSanmina Corp 2017 Q3 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesSANM• Yesterday, 5:03 PM • SA TranscriptsArtificial Intelligence: The New Impulse For AlphabetGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 4:34 PM • Oleh Kombaiev•14 CommentsApple Is Likely To Switch To In-House ScreensAAPL• Yesterday, 4:16 PM • Roman Luzgin•18 CommentsBaozun: Is There More Upside In This 2017 Runner?BZUN• Yesterday, 3:47 PM • Jonathan Faison•24 CommentsFacebook Earnings Preview: Bullish On InstagramFB• Yesterday, 3:36 PM • L&F Capital Management•19 CommentsAMD: King Of The CrossoverAMD• Yesterday, 2:59 PM • Kumquat Research•67 CommentsWhy Amazon Needs To Improve Its B2B E-Commerce PresenceAMZN• Yesterday, 2:18 PM • Motek Moyen•15 Comments3 Reasons Why Facebook Could Disappoint This QuarterFB• Yesterday, 2:08 PM • D.M. Martins Research•29 CommentsAMD's Post-Earnings Target PricesAMD• Yesterday, 1:52 PM • Kwan-Chen Ma•168 CommentsMicrosoft's Office 365 Is The New WindowsMSFT• Yesterday, 1:19 PM • Beulah Meriam K•13 CommentsKeeping Stock With Tech: FANG Earnings Kicks Off This Week, With Google And FacebookFB, GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 12:37 PM • Alex Cho•14 CommentsQualcomm Is Dead MoneyQCOM• Yesterday, 12:33 PM • Kumquat Research•56 CommentsLighten Your Load Ahead Of Twitter EarningsTWTR• Yesterday, 12:12 PM • Amigobulls•7 CommentsAmazon Web Services To Experience A Downturn?AMZN• Yesterday, 12:09 PM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•18 CommentsAlphabet Earnings Preview: Google Parent Reports Q2 Results TodayGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 11:59 AM • JJ Kinahan•1 CommentIt's Not All Gloom And Doom For QualcommQCOM• Yesterday, 11:49 AM • Amigobulls•7 CommentsIs AT&T The Best Income Opportunity Available Today?T• Yesterday, 11:34 AM • Left Banker•21 CommentsSkyworks: Post-Earnings Valuation Reveals Solid Upside PotentialSWKS• Yesterday, 11:34 AM • Roman Luzgin•3 CommentsApple: Services Revenue Growth Suggests Higher Dividend IncreaseAAPL• Yesterday, 11:30 AM • Ploutos Investing•11 CommentsIBM: This Blue-Chip Stock Just Went On SaleIBM• Yesterday, 11:27 AM • Robert Riesen•28 CommentsMonopoly Scrutiny Of Amazon BaselessAMZN• Yesterday, 11:23 AM • Gary Bourgeault•19 CommentsMicrosoft: Cloud Growth Exceeds All Expectations, Shares Priced For Additional 50% UpsideMSFT• Yesterday, 9:41 AM • Ben Bortner, CFA•15 CommentsGeorge Risk Industries: The Perfect Value TrapEditors' Pick • RSKIA• Yesterday, 9:35 AM • John Zhang•6 CommentsMicrosoft: An Excellent Quarter From This Explosive Tech GiantMSFT• Yesterday, 7:07 AM • Sure Dividend•4 CommentsMicrosoft: Q4 2017 Valuation UpdateMSFT• Yesterday, 7:00 AM • SIC Investment Research Inc.•3 CommentsAkamai: CEO's Second Million-Dollar Share Purchase Inspires ConfidenceAKAM• Yesterday, 6:15 AM • Willow Street Investments•6 CommentsCorning: Flying High Into Earnings (With An Acquisition And More)GLW• Yesterday, 6:00 AM • Willow Street Investments•44 CommentsVeeva Systems: Beware The PrecipiceVEEV• Yesterday, 5:28 AM • John DiCecco•12 CommentsQualcomm Vs. Apple:  Which Is The Better Buy Now?AAPL, QCOM• Yesterday, 12:23 AM • Peter F. Way, CFA•51 CommentsEarnings Preview: Can Box Stay Cash-Flow Positive?BOX• Yesterday, 12:02 AM • Feria Investor•1 CommentBlackBerry's Secure Enterprise File Sync & Share 'Fact Check'BBRY• Sun, Jul. 23, 11:48 PM • KIA Investment Research•86 CommentsEarnings Preview For Advanced Micro DevicesAMD• Sun, Jul. 23, 11:30 PM • Chris Lau•74 CommentsQualcomm Is A BuyQCOM• Sun, Jul. 23, 10:47 PM • PendragonY•126 CommentsIBM: Anatomy Of A Value TrapIBM• Sun, Jul. 23, 10:44 PM • Charles Gooch, Jr.•43 CommentsMy IBM StrategyIBM• Sun, Jul. 23, 9:10 PM • Khen Elazar•14 CommentsNCR Second-Quarter Review And Key TakeawaysNCR• Sun, Jul. 23, 8:59 PM • Jorge Acrisio•3 CommentsIBM - Struggles Continue, No Reason To Be UpbeatIBM• Sun, Jul. 23, 1:08 PM • The Value Investor•22 CommentsPRO Weekly Digest: Identifying Market Mispricings With Yale BockEditors' Pick • FH, MARK• Sun, Jul. 23, 7:30 AM • SA PRO Editors•9 CommentsThe Internet Of Things: Now There's A Growth StoryEditors' Pick • TFECF, TFECY• Sun, Jul. 23, 6:45 AM • Arturo Neto, CFA•32 CommentsTaiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing - A Bright Past And FutureTSM• Sun, Jul. 23, 6:43 AM • Wall Street for Main Street•5 CommentsThe Long Case For AppleAAPL• Sat, Jul. 22, 7:05 AM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•76 CommentsTwilio: Silver Lining In The CloudsTWLO• Sat, Jul. 22, 6:23 AM • Alpha Securities•10 CommentsMicrosoft: Post-Earnings AnalysisMSFT• Sat, Jul. 22, 6:09 AM • Roman Luzgin•20 CommentsApple Reportedly Funds Automotive Battery ResearchAAPL• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:27 PM • Mark Hibben•44 CommentsThere's Not Much To Not Like About Microsoft HereMSFT• Fri, Jul. 21, 6:38 PM • James Brumley•31 CommentsBillion-Dollar Unicorns: DraftKings Faces HurdlesDRAFT• Fri, Jul. 21, 6:20 PM • Sramana MitraSnap's Farce: The Equity Incentive PlanSNAP• Fri, Jul. 21, 6:17 PM • Whestuizen•103 CommentsSemiconductor ETFs To Roar Higher As Q2 Earnings UnfoldSOXX, SMH, PSI• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Zacks FundsThe Short Case For WelbiltEditors' Pick • WBT• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Rational Short Investor•4 CommentsIBM: Don't Get Caught In A Value TrapIBM• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:39 PM • Bank On Insight•21 CommentsNew Chance To Buy Into Shares Of Tintri At IPO Quiet Period ExpirationTNTR• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:53 PM • Don Dion•1 Comment123456...1161Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Akzo Nobel's (AKZOF) CEO Thierry Vanlancker Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AKZOF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  8:26 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Coca-Cola FEMSA's (KOF) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KOF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:27 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Sanmina's (SANM) CEO Jure Sola on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SANM•
      Mon, Jul. 24, 10:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Heidrick & Struggles International's (HSII) CEO Krishnan Rajagopalan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HSII•
      Mon, Jul. 24, 10:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Alphabet's (GOOG) CEO Sundar Pichai on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GOOG•
      Mon, Jul. 24, 10:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•2 Comments 



Rambus' (RMBS) CEO Ron Black on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RMBS•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  9:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cadence Design Systems (CDNS) CEO Lip-Bu Tan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CDNS•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  8:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Woodward's (WWD) CEO Tom Gendron on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WWD•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  7:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Bank of Hawaii's (BOH) CEO Peter Ho on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BOH•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  5:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Reckitt Benckiser Group's (RBGPF) CEO Anthony Romano on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RBGPF•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  5:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte (OMAB) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OMAB•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  5:09 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Arconic's (ARNC) CEO David Hess on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ARNC•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  4:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




TCF Financial's (TCF) CEO Craig Dahl on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


TCF•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  4:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Koninklijke Philips' (PHG) CEO Frans van Houten on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


PHG•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  4:29 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




VF Corporation's (VFC) CEO Steve Rendle on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VFC•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  4:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Opus Bank's (OPB) CEO Stephen Gordon on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OPB•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:46 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Helix Energy Solutions' (HLX) CEO Owen Kratz on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HLX•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:28 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




RPM International's (RPM) CEO Frank Sullivan on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RPM•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:23 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Halliburton's (HAL) CEO Jeff Miller on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HAL•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:18 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Bank of Marin Bancorp's (BMRC) CEO Russ Colombo on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BMRC•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Hasbro's (HAS) CEO Brian Goldner on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HAS•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Scorpio Bulkers' (SALT) CEO Emanuele Lauro on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SALT•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




ManpowerGroup's (MAN) CEO Jonas Prising on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MAN•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  3:02 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Stanley Black & Decker's (SWK) CEO Jim Loree on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SWK•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  2:54 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Scientific Games' (SGMS) CEO Kevin Sheehan on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SGMS•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  2:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Sify Technologies' (SIFY) CEO Kamal Nath on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SIFY•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  2:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Lennox International's (LII) CEO Todd Bluedorn on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LII•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  2:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Silicom's (SILC) CEO Shaike Orbach on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SILC•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  1:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Illinois Tool Works' (ITW) CEO Scott Santi on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ITW•
      Mon, Jul. 24,  1:34 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Ryanair Holdings' (RYAAY) CEO Michael O'Leary on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RYAAY•
      Mon, Jul. 24, 12:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4431Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 
