




Advanzeon Solution, Inc.




























Advanzeon Solutions, Inc.










SleepMaster SolutionsTM





SleepMaster SolutionsTM Sleep Apnea Program is the most complete program of its kind in the country with physicians and stand-alone clinics covering all 50 states, Washington D.C. and Puerto Rico; and, its done at a very affordable price.



LEARN MORE







 Company Information





The site for Advanzeon provides links to publicly available information on Advanzeon including the following: executives,officers, board members; press releases; electronic SEC filings; and frequently asked questions.



LEARN MORE



















Information









Contact Us









Advanzeon Solutions Inc.
2901 W. Busch Blvd., Suite 701
Tampa, Florida  33618
Tel:  (813) 367-4310
Fax:  (813) 288-4805
 












































 



 Advanzeon Solutions, Inc. Announces the Appointment of James L. Koenig to its Board of Directors 
         










    










 






 











 









Advanzeon Solutions, Inc. Announces the Appointment of James L. Koenig to its Board of Directors

May 11, 2015, 11:27 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Advanzeon Solutions, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


TAMPA, Fla., May 11, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Advanzeon Solutions, Inc. (OTCBB: CHCR), ("Advanzeon" or the "Company") is pleased to announce that James L. Koenig has been appointed to serve on the Company's Board of Directors, effective immediately.  Mr. Koenig has functioned as the Company's Acting Chief Financial Officer since December, 2013.  
"We actively recruited Mr. Koenig to accept a director's position on the Board because of his background, prudence and desire to assist the Company to achieve its immediate goal to provide the value promised to our customers and shareholders," said Dr. Mark Heidt, President and Director of Advanzeon Solutions, Inc.. 
"I am excited and honored to join the Company's Board of Directors.  I believe this appointment allows me the platform to continue moving the Company forward to its next level of success," said Mr. Koenig.  "I have seen, first hand, the potential of Advanzeon and its subsidiary, Pharmacy Value Management Solutions, Inc., and I am confident that the Company is absolutely poised to achieve its full financial potential."
Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Koenig was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Amacore Group from 1994 to 2007; Director of Regulatory Affairs and other executive positions for TECO Energy, Inc. from 1984 to 1994; and, various positions, the most recent being Assistant Comptroller for Duke Energy from 1970 to 1984.  He received his Bachelors in Accounting from Indiana State University. 
About Advanzeon Solutions, Inc.Established in 1969, Advanzeon provides behavioral health, substance abuse and pharmacy management services, as well as sleep apnea programs, for employers, Taft-Hartley health and welfare Funds, and managed care companies throughout the United States.  Headquartered in Tampa, Florida, the Company focuses on personalized attention, flexibility, a commitment to high-quality services and innovative approaches that address both the specific needs of clients and changing healthcare industry demands.  For more information, please call 813-367-9080 or visit our website at www.advanzeon.com.
Forward-Looking StatementsExcept for statements of historical fact, the matters discussed in this press release are forward looking and made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements reflect the current beliefs and expectations of the Company's management, reflect numerous assumptions, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company's control.  If any of these underlying beliefs, expectations or assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. 
These risk factors include, among others, the ability of the Company to maximize its market share with new pharmacy initiatives, the ability of the Company's new pharmacy cost-savings program to guarantee a 10% or more reduction in pharmacy costs, our ability to achieve expected results from new business and to revolutionize the pharmacy sector of the healthcare industry, the ability to obtain a performance bond on satisfactory terms, the ability of the Company's pharmacy program to promote greater medication adherence without restricting access to needed medications, technological advances, challenges in development of new products and services, new products and services developed by competitors, the Company's ability to provide superior patient care while increasing its business and margins as a result of implementing its pharmacy cost-savings program, general industry conditions and competition, general economic factors, global trends toward health care cost containment, the effect of governmental regulation, including pharmaceutical industry regulation, insurance regulation and health care legislation, varying trends in member pharmacy utilization, increases or variations in cost of care, seasonality, our ability to manage healthcare operating expenses, the profitability (if any) from capitated pharmacy contracts or other products, and the Company's ability to obtain additional financing. 
Advanzeon undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional risk factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Company's other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), which are available at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.  
 SOURCE  Advanzeon Solutions, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.advanzeon.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











May 26, 2015, 10:01 ET
Preview: Advanzeon Solutions, Inc. And Its Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, Pharmacy Value Management Solutions, Inc., Welcome Major League Baseball Great Matt Capps As Senior Public Relations Consultant













Apr 07, 2015, 07:48 ET
Preview: Advanzeon Solutions, Inc. Elects Gerard T. Smith as its Chief Operating Officer






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

Advanzeon Solutions Shareholder Site













Advanzeon Solutions Inc 2901 W Busch Blvd Tampa, FL Insurance - MapQuest







































































































    Advanzeon Solutions Inc
  

2901 W Busch Blvd

Tampa
FL
33618




 Reviews



(813) 288-4808
Website

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics









Opening Hours

Mon: 8am-6pm
Tue: 8am-6pm
Wed: 8am-6pm
Thu: 8am-6pm
Fri: 8am-6pm
Sat: 8am-12pm


































See a problem?
Let us know!


  
  
            Founded in 1970, Comprehensive Behavioral Care is a managed behavioral healthcare organization. The company s products and services include integrated behavioral products, public behavioral health products, managed psychopharmacy programs, employee assistance programs and worklife programs. Comprehensive is headquartered in Tampa, Fla., and operates regional offices in Grand Prairie, Texas, and Bloomfield Hills, Mich.
          






















Legal






Help























Advanzeon Solutions, Inc.                                                                                                - Tampa                                             , FL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



FL



Tampa



Insurance Agents, Brokers, and Service



Insurance Agents, Brokers, And Service



                            Advanzeon Solutions, Inc.
                                    



 





















A 


Advanzeon Solutions, Inc.                                                                                               
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



204 S HOOVER BLVD TAMPA, FL 33609
Get Directions



(813) 288-4808
www.advanzeon.com                                                                                       





Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count 5
 Industries Insurance Agents, Brokers, And Service
 Contacts Mary Johnson                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message










VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







A

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.


























































 



 Advanzeon Solutions, Inc.’s Wholly-Owned Subsidiary Pharmacy Value Management Solutions, Inc., 
         










    










 






 











 









Advanzeon Solutions, Inc.'s Wholly-Owned Subsidiary Pharmacy Value Management Solutions, Inc., Signs Agreement with All Med Medical and Rehabilitation Centers

Sep 24, 2015, 10:05 ET
		  		  					
						 from   Advanzeon Solutions, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


TAMPA, Fla., Sept. 24, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Advanzeon Solutions, Inc.'s (OTC-BB: CHCR), (Advanzeon) wholly-owned subsidiary, Pharmacy Value Management Solutions, Inc. (PVMS), (collectively, sometimes referred to as the "Company"), announced today the signing of an Agreement with All Med Medical and Rehabilitation Centers ("All Med") whereby All Med adds PVMS' Sleep Apnea Program to its multiple medical locations specializing in medical examinations, specialty care, ambulatory surgery, diagnostics and urgent care services.  PVMS will be the sole provider of sleep apnea-related testing and treatment equipment to All Med's patients.  This Agreement is effective immediately.  All Med's patient population generates in excess of 150,000 patient visits annually.
Jerry Smith, the Company's Chief Operating Officer, stated, "This collaboration is very important as it confirms the continued expansion of our Sleep Apnea Program, which was initially launched in the organized labor market.  This Agreement represents a material expansion of PVMS' Sleep Apnea Program into the commercial healthcare market.  All Med operates a substantial healthcare system in the New York City metropolitan area, including multiple freestanding clinic locations as well as ambulatory surgery, urgent care centers and diagnostic centers.  This system will now include the Company's Sleep Apnea Program.  Based upon national statistics we would anticipate there being a high incidence of sleep apnea among All Med's patient population.  The Company estimates at least 4,500 patient contacts generating in excess of $5,000,000 annually."
Robert Slingsby, CEO of All Med, stated, "We are very pleased to have entered into this Agreement with PVMS.  Sleep apnea is being identified as a contributing factor in many disease conditions that we see in our system.  PVMS is uniquely qualified to provide a full-service program to assist our clinical staff by efficiently providing the testing and equipment that will allow us to diagnose and treat the often under-diagnosed sleep apnea conditions.  We are confident that PVMS' Sleep Apnea Program will provide a significant benefit to our patients.  It is our intent to utilize this Program in our current locations as well as in planned expansions of our network of care."
About Advanzeon Solutions, Inc.Established in 1969, Advanzeon provides behavioral health, substance abuse and pharmacy management services, as well as sleep apnea programs, for employers, Taft-Hartley health and welfare Funds, and managed care companies throughout the United States.  Headquartered in Tampa, Florida, the Company focuses on personalized attention, flexibility, a commitment to high-quality services and innovative approaches that address both the specific needs of clients and changing healthcare industry demands.  For more information, please call 813-367-9080 or visit our website at www.advanzeon.com.
About All Med Medical and Rehabilitation CentersAll Med was formed in 1998.  It operates dynamic and integrative diagnostic and treatment centers providing a wide array of primary and specialty care services and is licensed under Article 28 of the Health Law of the State of New York.  All Med currently operates at three sites in the City of New York – two in Bronx County and one in Queens County. All Med also has affiliate sites in the Melrose section of the Bronx, Queens and Manhattan.  The Company has approximately 200 employees and provides approximately 150,000 combined patient visits inclusive of ancillary services.  All Med provides patient care across all payer classes including Medicaid, Medicare, HMO, Commercial and Worker's Compensation.
Forward-Looking StatementsExcept for statements of historical fact, the matters discussed in this press release are forward looking and made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements reflect the current beliefs and expectations of the Company's management, reflect numerous assumptions, and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the Company's control.  If any of these underlying beliefs, expectations or assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. 
These risk factors include, among others, the ability of the Company to maximize its market share with new pharmacy initiatives, the ability of the Company's new pharmacy cost-savings program to guarantee a 10% or more reduction in pharmacy costs, our ability to achieve expected results from new business and to revolutionize the pharmacy sector of the healthcare industry, the ability to obtain a performance bond on satisfactory terms, the ability of the Company's pharmacy program to promote greater medication adherence without restricting access to needed medications, technological advances, challenges in development of new products and services, new products and services developed by competitors, the Company's ability to provide superior patient care while increasing its business and margins as a result of implementing its pharmacy cost-savings program, general industry conditions and competition, general economic factors, global trends toward health care cost containment, the effect of governmental regulation, including pharmaceutical industry regulation, insurance regulation and health care legislation, varying trends in member pharmacy utilization, increases or variations in cost of care, seasonality, our ability to manage healthcare operating expenses, the profitability (if any) from capitated pharmacy contracts or other products, and the Company's ability to obtain additional financing. 
Advanzeon undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional risk factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the Company's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Company's other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), which are available at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.  
 SOURCE  Advanzeon Solutions, Inc.  

RELATED LINKS
http://www.advanzeon.com



  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Oct 21, 2015, 12:26 ET
Preview: Advanzeon Solutions, Inc. Retains Washington Capital, LLC As Its Investment Relations and Financial Communications Agency













Jul 27, 2015, 12:15 ET
Preview: Advanzeon Solutions, Inc.'s Wholly-Owned Subsidiary Pharmacy Value Management Solutions, Inc. and Its Wholly-Owned Subsidiary, National Sleep Specialists Network, Inc., Signs Agreement with U.S. HealthWorks Medical Group Prof. Corp.






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.





Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


 

Advanzeon Solutions, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 8:48 PM ET
Healthcare Providers and Services

Company Overview of Advanzeon Solutions, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Advanzeon Solutions, Inc. provides managed care services in the behavioral health, substance abuse, and pharmacy management fields in 47 states, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico. The company’s managed care operations include administrative service agreements, fee-for-service agreements, and capitation contracts. Its programs and services comprise integrated behavioral healthcare and pharmacy management services; management of prescription drugs on an at-risk basis; analytic services for medical and pharmacy claims; case management/utilization review services; administrative services management; preferred provider network development; management and physician advisor reviews; and ove...
Advanzeon Solutions, Inc. provides managed care services in the behavioral health, substance abuse, and pharmacy management fields in 47 states, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico. The company’s managed care operations include administrative service agreements, fee-for-service agreements, and capitation contracts. Its programs and services comprise integrated behavioral healthcare and pharmacy management services; management of prescription drugs on an at-risk basis; analytic services for medical and pharmacy claims; case management/utilization review services; administrative services management; preferred provider network development; management and physician advisor reviews; and overall care management services. The company also offers outpatient programs, such as counseling or therapy; intermediate care programs, such as intensive outpatient programs and partial hospitalization services; inpatient programs; and crisis intervention services through psychiatrists, psychologists, therapists, other licensed healthcare professionals, psychiatric hospitals, general medical facilities, residential treatment centers, and other treatment facilities. It serves commercial, Medicare, Medicaid, and Children’s Health Insurance Program health plans, as well as self-insured companies and unions. The company was formerly known as Comprehensive Care Corporation and changed its name to Advanzeon Solutions, Inc. in January 2014. Advanzeon Solutions, Inc. was founded in 1969 and is headquartered in Tampa, Florida.
Detailed Description


3405 West Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. BoulevardSuite 101Tampa, FL 33607United StatesFounded in 196943 Employees



Phone: 813-288-4808

Fax: 813-288-4844

www.advanzeon.com







Key Executives for Advanzeon Solutions, Inc.


Advanzeon Solutions, Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 



Advanzeon Solutions, Inc. Key Developments

Advanzeon Solutions, Inc. Retains Isdaner & Company LLC as Independent Outside Auditors
Nov 16 16
Advanzeon Solutions, Inc. announced that as of November 7, 2016, it has retained Isdaner & Company, LLC, as its independent outside auditors.


Advanzeon Solutions, Inc. Expands Provider Network Through Agreement with Concentra
Feb 17 16
Advanzeon Solutions, Inc. announced that an Agreement has been signed with Concentra giving the Company access to an additional approximately 600 medical facilities/clinics in 40 states.  The Agreement, which is effective immediately, provides, in part, that Concentra facilities will render standard commercial driver examinations as specified by the Department of Transportation to the company's commercial driver members and, when indicated, supply the company with an appropriate prescription for the member to obtain a home sleep apnea test.  While the Agreement relates specifically to exams specified by the DOT, the Company expects to be able to also refer its non-commercial driver members to Concentra, as well.


Advanzeon Solutions, Inc. and Pharmacy Value Management Solutions Inc. Name Debra Barnett as Medical Director
Jan 29 16
Advanzeon Solutions Inc.  and Pharmacy Value Management Solutions Inc. announced that Debra Barnett was named medical director of the company. Barnett will focus on the company's sleep apnea and behavioral health programs. She previously worked with Advanzeon Solutions in a consultant capacity.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @ Home Medical, Inc. United States @home approach, llc United States @Home Care United States 1011 E. Pecan Grove Road, LLC United States 1104 Welsh Road Operations LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Advanzeon Solutions, Inc., please visit www.advanzeon.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close



























Advanzeon Solutions Inc (CHCR.PK)  Quote| Reuters.com




























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Advanzeon Solutions Inc (CHCR.PK)










Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataHealthcareHealthcare Facilities & Services












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        










				CHCR.PK on OTC Markets Group


				0.19USD
3:53pm EDT





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.03


					            (+18.75%)
					        






Prev Close

$0.16


Open

$0.16




Day's High

$0.20


Day's Low

$0.16




Volume

70,510


Avg. Vol

39,744




52-wk High

$0.22


52-wk Low

$0.05










CHCR.PK








					About


		Advanzeon Solutions, Inc. provides managed care services in the behavioral health substance abuse, and pharmacy management fields. The Company provides these services to commercial, Medicare, Medicaid and Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) health plans, as well as self-insured companies and unions. Its managed care... (more)





					Buy/Sell



No analyst recommendations are available for CHCR.PK.

» Analyst Consensus





					Overall





Beta:
3.06


Market Cap(Mil.):
$10.06


Shares Outstanding(Mil.):
62.89


Dividend:
--


Yield (%):
--








					Financials





 
CHCR.PK
Industry
Sector


P/E (TTM):

				--

				29.68

				15.73


EPS (TTM):

				-0.21

				--

				--


ROI:

				--

				7.16

				-8.37


ROE:

				--

				11.44

				-7.93












					Latest News about CHCR.PK




» More CHCR.PK News











					Competitors





 
Price
Chg


Magellan Health Inc (MGLN.OQ)
$81.25
+1.00


Humana Inc (HUM.N)
$234.91
-0.59


WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG.N)
$180.54
-2.95









 Earnings vs.  Estimates


		No consensus analysis data available.

















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerMarket DataHealthcareHealthcare Facilities & Services





























Page not found - TheStreet

















 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street




































 
















Page not found

        Sorry, the page you're looking for is not available.
    
    You might want to try:
    

Our homepage


Our most popular stories






























 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 

















Advanzeon Solution, Inc.




























Advanzeon Solutions, Inc.










SleepMaster SolutionsTM





SleepMaster SolutionsTM Sleep Apnea Program is the most complete program of its kind in the country with physicians and stand-alone clinics covering all 50 states, Washington D.C. and Puerto Rico; and, its done at a very affordable price.



LEARN MORE







 Company Information





The site for Advanzeon provides links to publicly available information on Advanzeon including the following: executives,officers, board members; press releases; electronic SEC filings; and frequently asked questions.



LEARN MORE



















Information









Contact Us









Advanzeon Solutions Inc.
2901 W. Busch Blvd., Suite 701
Tampa, Florida  33618
Tel:  (813) 367-4310
Fax:  (813) 288-4805
 




































Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


