

Advent Claymore Convertible Securities and Income Fund II | Guggenheim Investments





























 



                    By choosing an option below, the next time you return to the site, your home page will automatically
                    be set to this site. You can change your preference at any time.
                


 Advisor
                    

 Individual Investor
                    

 Institutional Investor
                    
Save










                We have saved your site preference as Institutional Investors. To change this, update your preferences.
            












Home
CEF
 Advent Claymore Convertible Securities and Income Fund II 










AGC


Advent Claymore Convertible Securities and Income Fund II








Fund Resources


                                                                Fact Card
                                                            

















Overview
Portfolio
Performance
Prices
Distributions & Tax Info 
News & Literature
Contact












View...
Investment Objective
Frequently Asked Questions
Fund Manager(s)
Investment Team
Risks and Other Considerations





Common Shares



Daily Data


as of 7/25/17



Closing Market Price$6.44 Closing NAV$6.81
Premium/(Discount)-5.43%  52-week Average Premium/Discount-10.27% Current Distribution Rate18.76%
Monthly Dividend Per Share2$0.04700
Ex-Dividend Date7/12/2017
Payable Date7/31/2017
Daily Volume82,423
52 Week High/Low Market Price$6.44/$5.31
52 Week High/Low NAV$6.86/$6.28
Intraday Trading InformationNYSE





Weekly Data


as of 7/21/17



Closing Market Price$6.39 Closing NAV$6.80
Closing Volume35,982
Premium/(Discount)-6.03% Distribution Rate8.83% 
Total Managed Assets$368,938,757
Common Shares Outstanding32,196,876
Percent Leveraged340.66%
52-Week Average Premium/Discount-10.30% 




Semi-Annual Data


as of 4/30/17



Fiscal Year-End10/31
 Portfolio Manager    Advent Capital Management   
 Investment Adviser    Guggenheim Funds Investment Advisors, LLC   
Expense Ratio (Common Shares)42.05%
Portfolio Turnover Rate50%




Inception Information



Common Shares


 



Inception Date5/24/07
NYSE SymbolAGC NAV SymbolXAGCX
The Wall Street Journal ListingAdventClayGlConvSecs CUSIP007639107
Inception Market Price$20.00 Inception NAV$19.10





Financial Leverage


as of 7/21/17



Leverage Outstanding$150,000,000
1940 Act Asset Coverage Ratio245.96%





Quarterly Total Returns


as of 6/30/17




 
MARKET PRICE  NAV


2017 YTD 
10.86% 6.50%


1 Year 
24.04% 14.68%


3 Year 
2.46% 0.80%


5 Year 
8.54% 7.10%


10 Year 
-1.80% -1.60%


Since Inception (5/24/07) 
-1.78% -1.57%






Performance data quoted represents past performance, which is no guarantee of future results, and current performance may be lower or higher than the figures shown. Since Inception returns assume a purchase of common shares at each Fund’s initial offering price for market price returns or the Fund’s initial net asset value (NAV) for NAV returns. Returns for periods of less than one year are not annualized. All distributions are assumed to be reinvested either in accordance with the dividend reinvestment plan (DRIP) for market price returns or NAV for NAV returns. Until the DRIP price is available from the Plan Agent, the market price returns reflect the reinvestment at the closing market price on the last business day of the month. Once the DRIP is available around mid-month, the market price returns are updated to reflect reinvestment at the DRIP price. All returns include the deduction of management fees, operating expenses and all other fund expenses, and do not reflect the deduction of brokerage commissions or taxes that investors may pay on distributions or the sale of shares. Please refer to the most recent annual or semi-annual report for additional information.
Distributions are not guaranteed and are subject to change.
1 Latest declared distribution per share annualized and divided by the current share price.
2 Distributions may be paid from sources of income other than ordinary income, such as short term capital gains, long term capital gains or return of capital. If a distribution consists of something other than ordinary income, a 19(a) notice detailing the anticipated source(s) of the distribution will be made available. The 19(a) notice will be posted to the Fund’s website and to the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation so that brokers can distribute such notices to Shareholders of the Fund. Section 19(a) notices are provided for informational purposes only and not for tax reporting purposes. The final determination of the source and tax characteristics of all distributions in a particular year will be made after the end of the year. This information is not legal or tax advice. Consult a professional regarding your specific legal or tax matters.
3 Represents the amount of financial leverage the Fund currently employs as a percentage of total Fund assets.
4 Expense ratios are annualized and reflect the funds operating expense, excluding interest expense, or in the case of a fund with a fee waiver, net operating expense, as of the most recent annual or semi-annual report. The expense ratio, based on common assets, including interest expense was 3.78%.



Investment Objective
Advent Claymore Convertible Securities and Income Fund II (the “Fund”) is a diversified, closed-end management investment company. The Fund’s investment objective is to provide total return, through a combination of capital appreciation and current income. There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment objective.
Under normal market conditions, the Fund will invest at least 80% of its Managed Assets in a diversified portfolio of convertible securities and non-convertible income-producing securities, each of U.S. and non-U.S. issuers. Within this general investment policy, the Fund will follow, under normal market conditions, the following investment parameters. The Fund will invest at least 30% of its Managed Assets in convertible securities and may invest up to 70% of its Managed Assets in non-convertible income-producing securities.
The portion of the Fund’s Managed Assets invested in convertible securities, non-convertible income-producing securities and foreign securities will vary from time to time consistent with the Fund’s investment objective, changes in equity prices and changes in interest rates and other economic and market factors. The Fund may invest in securities of any credit quality, including securities that are of below investment grade quality without restrictions on maintaining a minimum weighted average portfolio rating of investment grade with respect to the portion of the Fund’s managed assets invested in convertible securities. Securities of below investment grade quality are regarded as having speculative characteristics with respect to the issuer’s capacity to pay interest and repay principal and are commonly referred to as “junk bonds” or “high yield securities.” In furtherance of the Fund’s investment objective, the Fund intends to engage in an option strategy of writing (selling) covered call options on up to 25% of the securities held in the Fund’s portfolio, to seek to generate current gains from option premiums as a means to enhance distributions payable to the holders of common shares.
For periodic shareholder reports and recent fund-specific filings, please visit the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) website via the following: http://www.sec.gov/cgi-bin/browse-edgar?action=getcompany&CIK=0001391461

Frequently Asked Questions

How much experience does the manager have with managing convertible, equity and fixed-income securities?
Advent has been managing convertible securities since inception in 1995 (and the experience of the portfolio managers goes back well beyond that at their previous employers). Advent has managed high-yield securities opportunistically in their convertible strategies and manages a dedicated high-yield convertible strategy.
What is Advent's investment process?
Convertible and High-Yield Securities Universe Screen - Advent uses three quantitative models to identify convertible and high-yield securities with what they believe are attractive risk/reward characteristics.
Credit Analysis - The creditworthiness of the security is reviewed, using five years of financial data (interest coverage ratios, debt to capitalization, and cash flows), and the last two years' quarterly statements. Advent is most interested in companies with stable to improving trends in financial ratios. This step is critical to reducing risk. Advent evaluates credits for all its holdings, while the credit committee evaluates credit on many corporate securities beyond those that just have convertibles outstanding, to give a complete look at an industry's status and outlook.
Fundamental Analysis - Each company is analyzed from a fundamental perspective, using company financial statements, industry data, and meeting with or speaking with management. Underlying equity fundamentals are examined to identify company and/or industry dynamics that could act as catalysts for favorable performance. These include accelerating earnings momentum, changing industry dynamics, new product announcements, or corporate developments like a restructuring. Because Advent is located in New York City, it has a distinct research advantage in being able to meet with company managements, who frequently visit the financial center for meetings, presentations, and conferences. In-house research reports are produced with an investment opinion.
Portfolio Monitoring - Advent continually monitors its portfolios to determine whether each holding is maintaining its investment potential.
What evaluation process does Advent use when selecting convertible securities?
Advent looks at each convertible security in three ways: one, evaluating it with a convertible-pricing model, as a financial instrument with certain risk/reward characteristics and upside/downside potential, two, evaluating the credit, and three, evaluating the underlying common stock through fundamental research.
Why a Leveraged Fund?
Leveraged closed end funds offer investors the opportunity to purchase shares of a fund whose dividend yields generally are designed to be higher than those of similar, unleveraged investments. At the same time, leverage introduces or heightens certain investment risks. As a result, understanding leverage, its benefits and risks, plays an important role in determining whether a leveraged Fund is the right investment. Leverage creates risks that may adversely affect the return for the holders of common shares, including: the likelihood of greater volatility of NAV and market price of the Fund’s common shares, fluctuations in the dividend rates, and possible increased operating costs, which may reduce the Fund’s total return.
Describe the differences between closed-end and open-end funds?
An open-end fund may be purchased or sold at NAV, plus sales charge in some cases. An open-end fund will issue new shares when an investor wants to purchases shares in the fund and will sell assets to redeem shares when an investor wants to sell shares. When selling an open-end fund the price the seller receives is established at the close of the market when the NAV is calculated. Unlike the open-end fund, a closed-end fund has a limited number of shares outstanding and trades on an exchange at the market price based on supply and demand. An investor may purchase or sell shares at market price while the exchange is open. The common shares may trade at a discount or premium to the NAV.
What does the "Ex-Div" or the "Ex-Dividend" date refer to?
Every month the Fund pays dividends and those investors who purchase the Fund before the ex-dividend date will receive the next dividend distribution. Investors who purchase on or after the ex-dividend date will not receive the next dividend distribution. The value of the dividend is subtracted from the Fund's NAV on the ex-dividend date each month. So when the NAV is reported with an "ex-div" behind it, this means that the amount of the dividend has already been taken out of the NAV.
What is the DRIP and how is its price determined?
DRIP is the Dividend Reinvestment Plan. The DRIP price is the cost per share for all participants in the reinvestment plan. The DRIP price is determined by one of two scenarios. One, if the Common Shares are trading at a discount, the DRIP price is the weighted average cost to purchase the Common Shares from the NYSE or elsewhere. Lastly, if the Common Shares are trading at a premium, the DRIP price is the determined either the higher of the NAV or approximately 95% of the Common Share price.
How many shares were repurchased under the AGC Repurchase Program?
During August 2016, AGC repurchased 43,844 common shares. The Fund’s Repurchase Program automatically terminated in August 2016 pursuant to the terms of the Repurchase Program. For additional information regarding the AGC Repurchase Program, please refer to the press release dated August 18, 2016, which may be found here.

Fund Manager(s)
Advent Capital Management, LLC ("Advent") is a registered investment advisor, based in New York, which specializes in convertible, equity and high-yield securities for institutional and individual investors. The firm was established in 1995 by Tracy Maitland, former Director in the Convertible Securities Department in the Capital Markets Division at Merrill Lynch. Advent’s investment discipline is credit-driven and risk-averse while seeking to maximize total return.
Investment Philosophy...is to achieve superior returns while minimizing risk in the convertible, equity and high-yield markets. Advent seeks convertible, equity and high-yield securities with attractive risk/reward characteristics that will provide downside protection. Advent focuses on credit and cash flow in order to achieve its investment goals. To reduce risk further, Advent manages a fully diversified portfolio. Position sizes typically range between 1% and 5%, resulting in a portfolio of between 50 and 80 issues.
Investment Process...Advent manages securities by using a strict four-step investment process: (1) screen the convertible, equity and high-yield universes, ect. for securities; (2) analyze credit quality to confirm downside protection; (3) analyze fundamentals to identify catalysts for favorable performance; and (4) continually monitor the portfolio to determine whether each holding is maintaining its investment potential.
Investment Team...the portfolio managers have an average of 20 years experience in convertible, equity and high-yield securities.

Investment Team
Portfolio Management
Tracy V. Maitland – President and Chief Investment Officer

Mr. Maitland serves as President and Chief Investment Officer of Advent Capital Management, LLC.
Prior to founding Advent, Mr. Maitland was a Director and National Sales Manager in the Convertible Securities Department in the Capital Markets Division at Merrill Lynch. As the major distribution link between investors and issuers, Mr. Maitland had a unique advantage in investing and trading in the convertible market due to Merrill Lynch’s preeminent position in convertibles. While at Merrill Lynch for 13 years, Mr. Maitland advised institutions on investing in specific convertible issues in their respective convertible, fixed income and equity portfolios. The extensive investing knowledge that Mr. Maitland developed at Merrill Lynch inspired him to create Advent Capital Management, LLC in order to satisfy the growing demand for investment expertise in convertible securities and other parts of the capital structure that are influenced by convertible valuations such as high yield and bank debt.
He is a graduate of Columbia University.
Mr. Maitland has over 30 years of industry experience.

Paul L. Latronica – Managing Director

Mr. Latronica serves as a Co-Portfolio Manager on the Phoenix Convertible Income Strategies and on the closed-end funds.
Prior to joining Advent, Mr. Latronica worked at Alliance Capital Management where he was an Account Manager for the International Closed End Division and also a Portfolio Accountant in the Municipal Bond Division. Between those positions at Alliance, he worked as an Administrator in Fixed Income Portfolios at Oppenheimer Capital Management.
He is a graduate of Franklin & Marshall College and received his Master’s of Business Administration Degree from Fordham University Business School.
Mr. Latronica has 18 years of industry experience.

AGC Investment Manager
Advent Capital Management, LLC
1271 Avenue of the Americas, 45th Floor
New York, NY 10020

Risks
Investors should consider the following risk factors and special considerations associated with investing in the Fund. An investment in the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of the entire principal amount that you invest.
Not A Complete Investment Program
An investment in the common shares of the Fund should not be considered a complete investment program. The Fund is intended for long-term investors seeking total return through a combination of current income and capital appreciation. The Fund is not meant to provide a vehicle for those who wish to play short-term swings in the stock market. Each common shareholder should take into account the Fund’s investment objective as well as the common shareholder’s other investments when considering an investment in the Fund.
Investment And Market Risk
An investment in common shares of the Fund is subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of the entire principal amount that you invest. An investment in the common shares of the Fund represents an indirect investment in the securities owned by the Fund. The value of the securities owned by the Fund may fluctuate, sometimes rapidly and unpredictably, which will affect the net asset value and may affect the market price of the common shares. The value of securities owned by the Fund may decline due to general market conditions that are not specifically related to a particular issuer, such as real or perceived economic conditions, changes in interest or currency rates or changes in investor sentiment or market outlook generally. At any point in time, your common shares may be worth less than your original investment, including the reinvestment of Fund dividends and distributions.
Market Discount Risk
Shares of closed-end management investment companies frequently trade at a discount from their net asset value, which is a risk separate and distinct from the risk that the Fund’s net asset value could decrease as a result of its investment activities. Although the value of the Fund’s net assets is generally considered by market participants in determining whether to purchase or sell common shares, and at what price to do so, whether investors will realize gains or losses upon the sale of common shares will depend entirely upon whether the market price of common shares at the time of sale is above or below the investor’s purchase price for common shares. Because the market price of common shares will be determined by factors such as net asset value, dividend and distribution levels (which are dependent, in part, on expenses), supply of and demand for common shares, stability of dividends or distributions, trading volume of common shares, general market and economic conditions and other factors beyond the control of the Fund, the Fund cannot predict whether common shares will trade at, below or above net asset value or at, below or above an investor’s initial purchase price for common shares.
Convertible Securities Risk
Convertible securities are hybrid securities that combine the investment characteristics of bonds and common stocks. Convertible securities involve risks similar to those of both fixed income and equity securities. In a corporation's capital structure, convertible securities are senior to common stock, but are usually subordinated to senior debt obligations of the issuer.
The market value of a convertible security is a function of its "investment value" and its "conversion value." A security's "investment value" represents the value of the security without its conversion feature (i.e., a nonconvertible fixed income security). The investment value may be determined by reference to its credit quality and the current value of its yield to maturity or probable call date. At any given time, investment value is dependent upon such factors as the general level of interest rates, the yield of similar nonconvertible securities, the financial strength of the issuer, and the seniority of the security in the issuer's capital structure. A security's "conversion value" is determined by multiplying the number of shares the holder is entitled to receive upon conversion or exchange by the current price of the underlying security. If the conversion value of a convertible security is significantly below its investment value, the convertible security will trade like nonconvertible debt or preferred stock and its market value will not be influenced greatly by fluctuations in the market price of the underlying security. In that circumstance, the convertible security takes on the characteristics of a bond, and its price moves in the opposite direction from interest rates. Conversely, if the conversion value of a convertible security is near or above its investment value, the market value of the convertible security will be more heavily influenced by fluctuations in the market price of the underlying security. In that case, the convertible security's price may be as volatile as that of common stock. Because both interest rates and market movements can influence its value, a convertible security generally is not as sensitive to interest rates as a similar fixed income security, nor is it as sensitive to changes in share price as its underlying equity security. Convertible securities are often rated below investment grade or are not rated.
Although all markets are prone to change over time, the generally high rate at which convertible securities are retired (through mandatory or scheduled conversions by issuers or through voluntary redemptions by holders) and replaced with newly issued convertibles may cause the convertible securities market to change more rapidly than other markets. For example, a concentration of available convertible securities in a few economic sectors could elevate the sensitivity of the convertible securities market to the volatility of the equity markets and to the specific risks of those sectors. Moreover, convertible securities with innovative structures, such as mandatory-conversion securities and equity-linked securities, have increased the sensitivity of the convertible securities market to the volatility of the equity markets and to the special risks of those innovations, which may include risks different from, and possibly greater than, those associated with traditional convertible securities. A convertible security may be subject to redemption at the option of the issuer at a price set in the governing instrument of the convertible security. If a convertible security held by the Fund is subject to such redemption option and is called for redemption, the Fund must allow the issuer to redeem the security, convert it into the underlying common stock, or sell the security to a third party.
As a result of the conversion feature, convertible securities typically offer lower interest rates than if the securities were not convertible. During periods of rising interest rates, it is possible that the potential for capital gain on convertible securities may be less than that of a common stock equivalent if the yield on the convertible security is at a level that would cause it to sell at discount.
Also, in the absence of adequate anti-dilution provisions in a convertible security, dilution in the value of the Fund's holding may occur in the event the underlying stock is subdivided, additional securities are issued, a stock dividend is declared, or the issuer enters into another type of corporate transaction which increases its outstanding securities.
Structured and Synthetic Convertible Securities Risk
The value of structured and synthetic convertible securities can be affected by interest rate changes and credit risks of the issuer. Such securities may be structured in ways that limit their potential for capital appreciation and the entire value of the security may be at a risk of loss depending on the performance of the underlying equity security. Structured and synthetic convertible securities may be less liquid than other convertible securities. The value of a synthetic convertible security will respond differently to market fluctuations than a convertible security because a synthetic convertible security is composed of two or more separate securities, each with its own market value. In addition, if the value of the underlying common stock or the level of the index involved in the convertible component falls below the exercise price of the warrant or option, the warrant or option may lose all value.
Equity Securities Risk
Equity securities risk is the risk that the value of the securities held by the Fund will fall due to general market and economic conditions, perceptions regarding the industries in which the issuers of securities held by the Fund participate or factors relating to specific companies in which the Fund invests. Stock of an issuer in the Fund’s portfolio may decline in price if the issuer fails to make anticipated dividend payments because, among other reasons, the issuer of the security experiences a decline in its financial condition. Common stock in which the Fund may invest is structurally subordinated to preferred stock, bonds and other debt instruments in a company’s capital structure, in terms of priority to corporate income, and therefore will be subject to greater dividend risk than preferred stock or debt instruments of such issuers. In addition, while common stock has historically generated higher average returns than fixed income securities, common stock has also experienced significantly more volatility in those returns. An adverse event, such as an unfavorable earnings report, may depress the value of common stock of an issuer held by the Fund. Common stocks are susceptible to general stock market fluctuations and to volatile increases and decreases in value as market confidence in and perceptions of their issuers change. These investor perceptions are based on various and unpredictable factors including expectations regarding: government, economic, monetary and fiscal policies; inflation and interest rates; economic expansion or contraction; and global or regional political, economic and banking crises.
Interest Rate Risk
Convertible securities and non-convertible income-producing securities (including preferred stock and debt securities) (collectively “income securities”) are subject to certain interest rate risks, including:

If interest rates go up, the value of income securities in the Fund’s portfolio generally will decline. These risks may be greater in the current market environment because interest rates are near historically low levels.
During periods of declining interest rates, the issuer of an income security may exercise its option to prepay principal earlier than scheduled, forcing the Fund to reinvest in lower yielding income securities. This is known as call or prepayment risk. Lower grade income securities have call features that allow the issuer to repurchase the security prior to its stated maturity. An issuer may redeem a lower grade income security if the issuer can refinance the security at a lower cost due to declining interest rates or an improvement in the credit standing of the issuer.
During periods of rising interest rates, the average life of certain types of income securities may be extended because of slower than expected principal payments. This may lock in a below market interest rate, increase the security’s duration (the estimated period until the security is paid in full) and reduce the value of the security. This is known as extension risk.

Credit Risk
Credit risk is the risk that one or more income securities in the Fund’s portfolio will decline in price, or fail to pay interest or principal when due, because the issuer of the security experiences a decline in its financial status. The Fund’s investments in income securities involve credit risk. However, in general, lower rated, lower grade and noninvestment grade income securities carry a greater degree of risk that the issuer will lose its ability to make interest and principal payments, which could have a negative impact on the Fund’s net asset value or dividends.
Lower Grade Securities Risk
Investing in lower grade and non-investment grade securities involves additional risks. Securities of below investment grade quality are commonly referred to as “junk bonds” or “high yield securities.” Investment in securities of below investment grade quality involves substantial risk of loss. Securities of below investment grade quality are predominantly speculative with respect to the issuer’s capacity to pay interest and repay principal when due and therefore involve a greater risk of default or decline in market value due to adverse economic and issuer-specific developments. Issuers of below investment grade securities are not perceived to be as strong financially as those with higher credit ratings. Issuers of lower grade securities may be highly leveraged and may not have available to them more traditional methods of financing. Therefore, the risks associated with acquiring the securities of such issuers generally are greater than is the case with higher rated securities. These issuers are more vulnerable to financial setbacks and recession than more creditworthy issuers, which may impair their ability to make interest and principal payments. The issuer's ability to service its debt obligations also may be adversely affected by specific issuer developments, the issuer's inability to meet specific projected business forecasts or the unavailability of additional financing. Therefore, there can be no assurance that in the future there will not exist a higher default rate relative to the rates currently existing in the market for lower grade securities. The risk of loss due to default by the issuer is significantly greater for the holders of lower grade securities because such securities may be unsecured and may be subordinate to other creditors of the issuer. Securities of below investment grade quality display increased price sensitivity to changing interest rates and to a deteriorating economic environment. The market values for securities of below investment grade quality tend to be more volatile and such securities tend to be less liquid than investment grade debt securities. To the extent that a secondary market does exist for certain below investment grade securities, the market for them may be subject to irregular trading activity, wide bid/ask spreads and extended trade settlement periods.
Debt Securities Risk
Debt securities are subject to a variety of risks, such as interest rate risk, income risk, call/prepayment risk, inflation risk, credit risk, and (in the case of foreign securities) country risk and currency risk. The reorganization of an issuer under the federal bankruptcy laws may result in the issuer's debt securities being cancelled without repayment, repaid only in part, or repaid in part or in whole through an exchange thereof for any combination of cash, debt securities, convertible securities, equity securities, or other instruments or rights in respect of the same issuer or a related entity.
Preferred Securities Risk
There are special risks associated with investing in preferred securities, including:

Deferral. Preferred securities may include provisions that permit the issuer, at its discretion, to defer distributions for a stated period without any adverse consequences to the issuer. If the Fund owns a preferred security that is deferring its distributions, the Fund may be required to report income for tax purposes although it has not yet received such income.
Non-Cumulative Dividends. Some preferred stocks are non-cumulative, meaning that the dividends do not accumulate and need not ever be paid. A portion of the portfolio may include investments in non-cumulative preferred securities, whereby the issuer does not have an obligation to make up any arrearages to its shareholders. Should an issuer of a non-cumulative preferred stock held by the Fund determine not to pay dividends on such stock, the amount of dividends the Fund pays may be adversely affected. There is no assurance that dividends or distributions on noncumulative preferred stocks in which the Fund invests will be declared or otherwise made payable.
Subordination. Preferred securities are subordinated to bonds and other debt instruments in a company’s capital structure in terms of priority to corporate income and liquidation payments, and therefore will be subject to greater credit risk than more senior debt instruments.
Liquidity. Preferred securities may be substantially less liquid than many other securities, such as common stocks or U.S. government securities.
Limited Voting Rights. Generally, preferred security holders (such as the Fund) have no voting rights with respect to the issuing company unless preferred dividends have been in arrears for a specified number of periods, at which time the preferred security holders may have the right to elect a number of directors to the issuer’s board. Generally, once all the arrearages have been paid, the preferred security holders no longer have voting rights.
Special Redemption Rights. In certain varying circumstances, an issuer of preferred securities may redeem the securities prior to a specified date. For instance, for certain types of preferred securities, a redemption may be triggered by a change in federal income tax or securities laws. As with call provisions, a redemption by the issuer may negatively impact the return of the security held by the Fund.

Foreign Securities Risk
Investing in foreign issuers or securities denominated in non-U.S. currencies may involve certain risks not typically associated with investing in securities of U.S. issuers due to increased exposure to foreign economic, political and legal developments, including favorable or unfavorable changes in currency exchange rates, exchange control regulations (including currency blockage), confiscatory taxation, political or social instability, illiquidity, price volatility, market manipulation, expropriation or nationalization of assets, imposition of withholding taxes on payments, and possible difficulty in obtaining and enforcing judgments against foreign entities. Furthermore, issuers of foreign securities and obligations are subject to different, often less comprehensive, accounting, reporting and disclosure requirements than domestic issuers. The securities and obligations of some foreign companies and foreign markets are less liquid and at times more volatile than comparable U.S. securities, obligations and markets. Securities markets in foreign countries often are not as developed, efficient or liquid as securities markets in the United States, and therefore, the prices of foreign securities can be more volatile. Certain foreign countries may impose restrictions on the ability of issuers to make payments of principal and interest to investors located outside the country. In the event of nationalization, expropriation or other confiscation, the Fund could lose its entire investment in a foreign security. Transaction costs of investing outside the U.S. are generally higher than in the U.S. Higher costs result because of the cost of converting a foreign currency to dollars, the payment of fixed brokerage commissions on some foreign exchanges and the imposition of transfer taxes or transaction charges by foreign exchanges. Non-U.S. markets also have different clearance and settlement procedures which in some markets have at times failed to keep pace with the volume of transactions, thereby creating substantial delays and settlement failures that could adversely affect the Fund's performance. Foreign brokerage commissions and other fees are also generally higher than in the United States. There are also special tax considerations which apply to securities and obligations of foreign issuers and securities and obligations principally traded overseas. These risks may be more pronounced to the extent that the Fund invests a significant amount of its assets in companies located in one country or geographic region, in which case the Fund may be more exposed to regional economic risks, and to the extent that the Fund invests in securities of issuers in emerging markets.
Emerging Markets Risk
Investments in securities the issuers of which are located in countries considered to be emerging markets are subject to heightened risks relative to foreign investing generally and are considered speculative. Investing in emerging market countries involves certain risks not typically associated with investing in the United States, and it imposes risks greater than, or in addition to, risks of investing in more developed foreign countries. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: greater risks of nationalization or expropriation of assets or confiscatory taxation; currency devaluations and other currency exchange rate fluctuations; greater social, economic, and political uncertainty and instability (including amplified risk of war and terrorism); more substantial government involvement in the economy; less government supervision and regulation of the securities markets and participants in those markets, and possible arbitrary and unpredictable enforcement of securities regulations; controls on foreign investment and limitations on repatriation of invested capital and on the Fund's ability to exchange local currencies for U.S. dollars; unavailability of currency-hedging techniques in certain emerging market countries; the fact that companies in emerging market countries may be smaller, less seasoned, or newly organized; the difference in, or lack of, auditing and financial reporting standards, which may result in unavailability of material information about issuers; the risk that it may be more difficult to obtain and/or enforce a judgment in a court outside the United States; and greater price volatility, substantially less liquidity, and significantly smaller market capitalization of securities markets. Compared to developed countries, emerging market countries may have relatively unstable governments, economies based on only a few industries and securities markets that trade a small number of securities. Securities issued by companies located in emerging market countries tend to be especially volatile and may be less liquid than securities traded in developed countries. In the past, securities in these countries have been characterized by greater potential loss than securities of companies located in developed countries. Foreign investment in certain emerging market countries may be restricted or controlled to varying degrees. These restrictions or controls may at times limit or preclude foreign investment in certain emerging market issuers and increase the costs and expenses of the Fund. Certain emerging market countries require governmental approval prior to investments by foreign persons in a particular issuer, limit the amount of investment by foreign persons in a particular issuer, limit the investment by foreign persons only to a specific class of securities of an issuer that may have less advantageous rights than the classes available for purchase by domiciliaries of the countries and/or impose additional taxes on foreign investors.
Investments in issuers located in emerging markets pose a greater degree of systemic risk. The inter-relatedness of institutions within a country and among emerging market economies has increased in recent years. Institutional failures or economic difficulties may spread throughout a country, region or emerging market countries throughout the world, which may limit the ability of the Fund to manage risk through geographic diversification. Bankruptcy law and creditor reorganization processes may differ substantially from those in the United States, resulting in greater uncertainty as to the rights of creditors, the enforceability of such rights, reorganization timing and the classification, seniority and treatment of claims.
Foreign Currency Risk
The Fund’s investment performance may be negatively affected by a devaluation of a currency in which the Fund’s investments are denominated or quoted. Further, the Fund’s investment performance may be significantly affected, either positively or negatively, by currency exchange rates because the U.S. dollar value of securities denominated or quoted in another currency will increase or decrease in response to changes in the value of such currency in relation to the U.S. dollar. Foreign currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time for various reasons, including changes in interest rates, inflation, balance of payments, governmental surpluses or deficits, intervention or non-intervention by U.S. or foreign governments, central banks or supranational entities, the imposition of currency controls and political developments in the U.S. and abroad. The Fund may, but is not required, to seek to protect itself from changes in currency exchange rates through hedging transactions depending on market conditions. There can be no assurance that such strategies will be available or will be used by the Fund or, if used, will be successful. Certain countries, particularly emerging market countries, may impose foreign currency exchange controls or other restrictions on the repatriation, transferability or convertibility of currency. The Fund may attempt within the parameters of currency and exchange controls that may be in effect, to obtain rights to exchange its invested capital, dividends, interest, fees, other distributions and capital gains into convertible currencies. Further, the Fund may incur costs in connection with conversions between various currencies. Foreign exchange rates have been highly volatile in recent years. The combination of volatility and leverage gives rise to the possibility of large profit and large loss. In addition, there is counterparty risk since currency trading is done on a principal to principal basis.
Derivatives Transactions Risk
The Fund may engage in various derivatives transactions for hedging and risk management purposes, to facilitate portfolio management and to earn income or enhance total return. The use of derivatives transactions to earn income or enhance total return may be particularly speculative. Derivative transactions entered into to seek to manage the risks of the Fund’s portfolio of securities may have the effect of limiting the gains from favorable market movements. Losses on derivatives transactions may reduce the Fund’s net asset value and its ability to pay dividends if such losses are not offset by gains on a portfolio positions being hedged. Derivatives transactions involve risks. There may be imperfect correlation between the value of such instruments and the underlying assets. Derivatives transactions may be subject to risks associated with the possible default of the other party to the transaction. Derivative instruments may be illiquid. Certain derivatives transactions may have economic characteristics similar to leverage, in that relatively small market movements may result in large changes in the value of an investment. Certain derivatives transactions that involve leverage can result in losses that greatly exceed the amount originally invested. Furthermore, the Fund’s ability to successfully use derivatives transactions depends on the manager’s ability to predict pertinent market movements, which cannot be assured. The use of derivatives transactions may result in losses greater than if they had not been used, may require the Fund to sell or purchase portfolio securities at inopportune times or for prices other than current market values, may limit the amount of appreciation the Fund can realize on an investment or may cause the Fund to hold a security that it might otherwise sell. Derivatives transactions involve risks of mispricing or improper valuation. The documentation governing a derivative instrument or transaction may be unfavorable or ambiguous. Derivatives transactions may involve commissions and other costs, which may increase the Fund’s expenses and reduce its return. Various legislative and regulatory initiatives may impact the availability, liquidity and cost of derivative instruments, limit or restrict the ability of the Fund to use certain derivative instruments or transact with certain counterparties as a part of its investment strategy, increase the costs of using derivative instruments or make derivative instruments less effective.
In connection with certain derivatives transactions, the Fund may be required to segregate liquid assets or otherwise cover such transactions and/or to deposit amounts as premiums or to be held in margin accounts. Such amounts may not otherwise be available to the Fund for investment purposes. The Fund may earn a lower return on its portfolio than it might otherwise earn if it did not have to segregate assets in respect of, or otherwise cover, its derivatives transactions positions. To the extent the Fund’s assets are segregated or committed as cover, it could limit the Fund’s investment flexibility. Segregating assets and covering positions will not limit or offset losses on related positions.
Risk Associated with Covered Call Option Writing
There are significant differences between the securities and options markets that could result in an imperfect correlation between these markets, causing a given transaction not to achieve its objectives. A decision as to whether, when and how to use options involves the exercise of skill and judgment, and even a well-conceived transaction may be unsuccessful to some degree because of market behavior or unexpected events. As the writer of a covered call option, the Fund forgoes, during the option’s life, the opportunity to profit from increases in the market value of the security covering the call option above the sum of the premium and the strike price of the call, but has retained the risk of loss should the price of the underlying security decline. As the Fund writes covered calls over more of its portfolio, its ability to benefit from capital appreciation becomes more limited.
The value of options written by the Fund will be affected by, among other factors, changes in the value of underlying securities (including those comprising an index), changes in the dividend rates of underlying securities, changes in interest rates, changes in the actual or perceived volatility of the stock market and underlying securities and the remaining time to an option’s expiration. The value of an option also may be adversely affected if the market for the option is reduced or becomes less liquid.
To the extent that there is a lack of correlation between the index options written by the Fund and the Fund’s portfolio securities, movements in the indexes underlying the options positions may result in losses to the Fund, which may more than offset any gains received by the Fund from options premiums. Such sales would involve transaction costs borne by the Fund and may also result in realization of taxable gains.
With respect to exchange-traded options, there can be no assurance that a liquid market will exist when the Fund seeks to close out an option position on an options exchange. An absence of a liquid secondary market on an exchange may arise because: (i) there may be insufficient trading interest in certain options; (ii) restrictions may be imposed by an exchange on opening transactions or closing transactions or both; (iii) trading halts, suspensions or other restrictions may be imposed with respect to particular classes or series of options; (iv) unusual or unforeseen circumstances may interrupt normal operations on an exchange; (v) the facilities of an exchange or The Options Clearing Corporation (the “OCC”) may not at all times be adequate to handle current trading volume; or (vi) one or more exchanges could, for economic or other reasons, decide or be compelled at some future date to discontinue the trading of options (or a particular class or series of options). If trading were discontinued, the secondary market on that exchange (or in that class or series of options) would cease to exist. In the event that the Fund were unable to close out a call option that it had written on a portfolio security, it would not be able to sell the underlying security unless the option expired without exercise.
The Fund’s options transactions will be subject to limitations established by each of the exchanges, boards of trade or other trading facilities on which the options are traded. These limitations govern the maximum number of options in each class which may be written or purchased by a single investor or group of investors acting in concert, regardless of whether the options are written or purchased on the same or different exchanges, boards of trade or other trading facilities or are held or written in one or more accounts or through one or more brokers. An exchange, board of trade or other trading facility may order the liquidation of positions found to be in excess of these limits, and it may impose other sanctions.
The Fund may also write (sell) over-the-counter options (“OTC options”). Options written by the Fund with respect to non-U.S. securities, indices or sectors generally will be OTC options. OTC options differ from exchange-listed options in that they are entered into directly with the buyer of the option and not through an exchange or clearing organization that is interposed between the Fund and the counterparty. In an OTC option transaction exercise price, premium and other terms are negotiated between buyer and seller. OTC options generally do not have as much market liquidity as exchange-listed options The OTC options written by the Fund will not be issued, guaranteed or cleared by the OCC. In addition, the Fund’s ability to terminate the OTC options may be more limited than with exchange-traded options. Banks, broker-dealers or other financial institutions participating in such transaction may fail to settle a transaction in accordance with the terms of the option as written. In the event of default or insolvency of the counterparty, the Fund may be unable to liquidate an OTC option position.
Counterparty Risk
The Fund will be subject to credit risk with respect to the counterparties to the derivative contracts entered into by the Fund. If a counterparty becomes bankrupt or otherwise fails to perform its obligations under a derivative contract due to financial difficulties, the Fund may experience significant delays in obtaining any recovery under the derivative contract in bankruptcy or other reorganization proceeding. The Fund may obtain only a limited recovery or may obtain no recovery in such circumstances. Concerns about, or a default by, one large market participant could lead to significant liquidity problems for other participants. If a counterparty’s credit becomes significantly impaired, multiple requests for collateral posting in a short period of time could increase the risk that the Fund may not receive adequate collateral. The counterparty risk for cleared derivatives is generally lower than for uncleared over-the-counter derivatives transactions since generally a clearing organization becomes substituted for each counterparty to a cleared derivative contract and, in effect, guarantees the parties’ performance under the contract as each party to a trade looks only to the clearing organization for performance of financial obligations under the derivative contract. However, there can be no assurance that a clearing organization, or its members, will satisfy its obligations to the Fund.
Leverage Risk
The use of leverage may result in higher income to common shareholders over time; however, there can be no assurance that this expectations will be realized or that a leveraging strategy will be successful in any particular time period. Use of leverage creates an opportunity for increased income and capital appreciation but, at the same time, creates special risks. Leverage is a speculative technique that exposes the Fund to greater risk and increased costs than if it were not implemented. There can be no assurance that a leveraging strategy will be utilized or will be successful.
The use of leverage by the Fund will cause the net asset value, and possibly the market price, of the Fund’s common shares to fluctuate significantly in response to changes in interest rates and other economic indicators. As a result, the net asset value and market price and dividend rate of the common shares of the Fund is likely to be more volatile than those of a closed-end management investment company that is not exposed to leverage. In a declining market the use of leverage may result in a greater decline in the net asset value of the common shares than if the Fund were not leveraged.
Leverage will increase operating costs, which may reduce total return. The Fund will have to pay interest on its indebtedness, if any, which may reduce the Fund’s return. This interest expense may be greater than the Fund’s return on the underlying investment, which would negatively affect the performance of the Fund. Increases in interest rates that the Fund must pay on its indebtedness will increase the cost of leverage and may reduce the return to common shareholders. This risk may be greater in the current market environment because interest rates are near historically low levels.
Certain types of indebtedness subject the Fund to covenants in credit agreements relating to asset coverage and portfolio composition requirements. Certain indebtedness issued by the Fund also may be subject to certain restrictions on investments imposed by guidelines of one or more rating agencies, which may issue ratings for such indebtedness. These guidelines may impose asset coverage or portfolio composition requirements that are more stringent than those imposed by the 1940 Act.
Reverse repurchase agreements involve the risks that the interest income earned on the investment of the proceeds will be less than the interest expense and Fund expenses associated with the repurchase agreement, that the market value of the securities sold by the Fund may decline below the price at which the Fund is obligated to repurchase such securities and that the securities may not be returned to the Fund. There is no assurance that reverse repurchase agreements can be successfully employed. In connection with reverse repurchase agreements, the Fund will also be subject to counterparty risk with respect to the purchaser of the securities. If the broker/dealer to whom the Fund sells securities becomes insolvent, the Fund’s right to purchase or repurchase securities may be restricted
The Fund may have leverage outstanding during a shorter-term period during which such leverage may not be beneficial to the Fund if the Fund believes that the long-term benefits to common shareholders of such leverage would outweigh the costs and portfolio disruptions associated with redeeming and reissuing such leverage. However, there can be no assurance that the Fund’s judgment in weighing such costs and benefits will be correct.
During the time in which the Fund is utilizing leverage, the amount of the fees paid for investment advisory services will be higher than if the Fund did not utilize leverage because the fees paid will be calculated based on the Fund’s managed assets, including proceeds of leverage. This may create a conflict of interest between the manager and the common shareholders, as common shareholders bear the portion of the investment advisory fee attributable to the assets purchased with the proceeds of leverage, which means that common shareholders effectively bear the entire advisory fee.
In addition, the Fund may engage in certain derivatives transactions that have economic characteristics similar to leverage. The Fund intends to earmark or segregate cash or liquid securities or otherwise cover such transactions in accordance with applicable interpretations of the staff of the SEC. Securities so segregated or designated as “cover” will be unavailable for sale (unless replaced by other securities qualifying for segregation or cover requirements), which may adversely affect the ability of the Fund to pursue its investment objective.
Illiquid Investments Risk
Illiquid securities may be difficult to dispose of at a fair price at the times when the Fund believes it is desirable to do so. The market price of illiquid securities generally is more volatile than that of more liquid securities, which may adversely affect the price that the Fund pays for or recovers upon the sale of illiquid securities. Illiquid securities are also more difficult to value and the manager’s judgment may play a greater role in the valuation process. Investment of the Fund’s assets in illiquid securities may restrict the Fund’s ability to take advantage of market opportunities. The risks associated with illiquid securities may be particularly acute in situations in which the Fund’s operations require cash and could result in the Fund borrowing to meet its short-term needs or incurring losses on the sale of illiquid securities. Although many of the Rule 144A Securities in which the Fund invests may be, in the view of the manager, liquid, if qualified institutional buyers are unwilling to purchase these Rule 144A Securities, they may become illiquid.
Smaller Company Risk
The general risks associated with corporate income-producing and equity securities are particularly pronounced for securities issued by companies with smaller market capitalizations. These companies may have limited product lines, markets or financial resources, or they may depend on a few key employees. As a result, they may be subject to greater levels of credit, market and issuer risk. Securities of smaller companies may trade less frequently and in lesser volume than more widely held securities and their values may fluctuate more sharply than other securities. Companies with medium-sized market capitalizations may have risks similar to those of smaller companies.
REIT Risk
To the extent that the Fund invests in REITs it will be subject to the risks associated with owning real estate and with the real estate industry generally. REITs are subject to interest rate risks (especially mortgage REITs) and the risk of default by lessees or borrowers. An equity REIT may be affected by changes in the value of the underlying properties owned by the REIT. A mortgage REIT may be affected by the ability of the issuers of its portfolio mortgages to repay their obligations. REITs whose underlying assets are concentrated in properties used by a particular industry are also subject to risks associated with such industry. REITs may have limited financial resources, their securities trade less frequently and in a limited volume, and may be subject to more abrupt or erratic price movements than larger company securities.
Inflation Risk/Deflation Risk
Inflation risk is the risk that the value of assets or income from investments will be worth less in the future as inflation decreases the value of money. As inflation increases, the real value of the common shares and distributions can decline. In addition, during any periods of rising inflation, the dividend rates or borrowing costs associated with the Fund’s use of leverage would likely increase, which would tend to further reduce returns to common shareholders. Deflation risk is the risk that prices throughout the economy decline over time—the opposite of inflation. Deflation may have an adverse effect on the creditworthiness of issuers and may make issuer default more likely, which may result in a decline in the value of the Fund’s portfolio.
Securities Lending Risk
The Fund may also lend the securities it owns to others, which allows the Fund the opportunity to earn additional income. Although the Fund will require the borrower of the securities to post collateral for the loan and the terms of the loan will require that the Fund be able to reacquire the loaned securities if certain events occur, the Fund is still subject to the risk that the borrower of the securities may default, which could result in the Fund losing money, which would result in a decline in the Fund’s net asset value. The Fund may also purchase securities for delayed settlement. This means that the Fund is generally obligated to purchase the securities at a future date for a set purchase price, regardless of whether the value of the securities is more or less than the purchase price at the time of settlement.
Management Risk
Management’s judgment about the attractiveness, relative value or potential appreciation of a particular sector, security or investment strategy may prove to be incorrect, and there can be no assurance that the investment decisions made will prove beneficial to the Fund.
Legislation And Regulation Risk
Legislation may be enacted that could negatively affect the assets of the Fund or the issuers of such assets. Changing approaches to regulation may have a negative impact on the Fund or entities in which the Fund invests. Legislation or regulation may also change the way in which the Fund itself is regulated. There can be no assurance that future legislation, regulation or deregulation will not have a material adverse effect on the Fund or will not impair the ability of the Fund to achieve its investment objective.
Portfolio Turnover Risk
The Fund’s annual portfolio turnover rate may vary greatly from year to year. Portfolio turnover rate is not considered a limiting factor in the execution of investment decisions for the Fund. A higher portfolio turnover rate results in correspondingly greater brokerage commissions and other transactional expenses that are borne by the Fund. High portfolio turnover may result in an increased realization of net short-term capital gains by the Fund which, when distributed to common shareholders, will be taxable as ordinary income. Additionally, in a declining market, portfolio turnover may result in realized capital losses.













Subscribe to Our Perspectives

Your browser does not support iframes.


Your browser does not support iframes.




Follow us




















OUR FIRM
News

Press Releases

Firm Overview

Heritage

Careers


OUR PRODUCTS
Exchange Traded Funds

Unit Investment Trusts

Mutual Funds

Closed-End Funds

Currency Shares

Variable Insurance Funds

Indices


OUR PERSPECTIVES
Global CIO Outlook

Macroeconomic Research

Portfolio Strategy

Sector Views

Weekly Viewpoint

In the Media

Resources


SERVICES
Customer Service

Contact Us

Literature




PRIVACY POLICY


BUSINESS CONTINUITY


LEGAL INFORMATION









            Guggenheim Investments represents the investment management business of Guggenheim Partners, LLC ("Guggenheim").
            Guggenheim Funds Distributors, LLC is an affiliate of Guggenheim.
        
© 2017 Guggenheim Investments. All Rights Reserved.
Research our firm with FINRA Broker Check.
• Not FDIC Insured • No Bank Guarantee • May Lose Value
This website is directed to and intended for use by citizens or residents of the United States of America only. The material provided on this website is not intended as a recommendation or as investment advice of any kind, including in connection with rollovers, transfers, and distributions. Such material is not provided in a fiduciary capacity, may not be relied upon for or in connection with the making of investment decisions, and does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell securities. All content has been provided for informational or educational purposes only and is not intended to be and should not be construed as legal or tax advice and/or a legal opinion. Always consult a financial, tax and/or legal professional regarding your specific situation. Investing involves risk, including the possible loss of principal.






Advent/Claymore Enhanced Growth & Income Fund Announces Final Results of Tender Offer - MarketWatch



















































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets




















press release


					July 17, 2017, 4:16 p.m. EDT
				
Advent/Claymore Enhanced Growth & Income Fund Announces Final Results of Tender Offer
























NEW YORK, Jul 17, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE via COMTEX) --


                                        








Advent/Claymore Enhanced Growth & Income Fund                 

/quotes/zigman/367546/composite LCM
+0.45%


 (the "Fund") announced today the final results for its tender offer for up to 4,420,984 common shares ("Shares") of the Fund (approximately 32.5% of the outstanding Shares) (the "Tender Offer"). The Tender Offer commenced on June 12, 2017 and expired on July 11, 2017.        









A total of 7,334,932 Shares were duly tendered and not withdrawn. Because the number of Shares tendered exceeds 4,420,984 Shares, the Tender Offer has been oversubscribed. Therefore, in accordance with the terms and conditions specified in the Tender Offer, the Fund will purchase Shares from all tendering shareholders on a pro rata basis, disregarding fractions. Accordingly, on a pro rata basis, approximately 60% of Shares for each shareholder who properly tendered Shares have been accepted for payment. The Fund expects to transmit payment to purchase the duly tendered and accepted Shares on or about July 17, 2017. The purchase price of properly tendered Shares is $9.1532 per Share, equal to 98% of the net asset value per Share as of July 12, 2017 (the business day immediately following the expiration date of the Tender Offer). Shares that were tendered but not accepted for purchase and Shares that were not tendered will remain outstanding.


                                        








Questions regarding the Tender Offer may be directed to Georgeson, Inc., the information agent for the tender offer, at (888) 206-0860.


                                        








Additional Information

                                        








About Advent Capital Management        
Advent Capital Management, LLC ("Advent") is a registered investment advisor dedicated to providing its clients with superior investment performance. Advent invests primarily in convertible, high yield and equity securities offered through long only, hedge-fund and NYSE-listed closed-end fund products. Advent's investment team consists of seasoned professionals performing bottom-up fundamental research. Since inception in 1995, Advent has grown into a $9 billion diversified investment management firm (as of March 31, 2017) with the ability to capture opportunities globally. Advent's growing client base includes some of the world's largest public and corporate pension plans, foundations, endowments, insurance companies and high net worth individuals. Advent is not affiliated with Guggenheim.


                                        








About Guggenheim Investments        
Guggenheim Investments is the global asset management and investment advisory division of Guggenheim Partners, LLC ("Guggenheim"), with $217 billion* in total assets across fixed income, equity, and alternative strategies. We focus on the return and risk needs of insurance companies, corporate and public pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, endowments and foundations, consultants, wealth managers, and high-net-worth investors. Our 275+ investment professionals perform rigorous research to understand market trends and identify undervalued opportunities in areas that are often complex and underfollowed. This approach to investment management has enabled us to deliver innovative strategies providing diversification opportunities and attractive long-term results.


                                        








*Guggenheim Investments total asset figure is as of March 31, 2017. The assets include leverage of $11.7bn for assets under management and $0.4bn for assets for which we provide administrative services. Guggenheim Investments represents the following affiliated investment management businesses of Guggenheim Partners, LLC: Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC, Security Investors, LLC, Guggenheim Funds Investment Advisors, LLC (Investment Advisor for AGC, LCM), Guggenheim Funds Distributors, LLC (Servicing Agent for AVK), Guggenheim Real Estate, LLC, GS GAMMA Advisors, LLC, Guggenheim Partners Europe Limited, and Guggenheim Partners India Management.


                                        








This information does not represent an offer to sell securities of the Fund and it is not soliciting an offer to buy securities of the Fund. There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment objective. The net asset value of the Fund will fluctuate with the value of the underlying securities. It is important to note that closed-end funds trade on their market value, not net asset value, and closed-end funds often trade at a discount to their net asset value. Past performance is not indicative of future performance. An investment in the Fund is subject to certain risks and other considerations. Such risks and considerations may include, but are not limited to: Investment and Market Risk; Convertible Securities Risk; Structured and Synthetic Convertible Securities Risk; Lower Grade Securities Risk; Equity Securities Risk; Preferred Securities Risk; Derivatives Risk; Interest Rate Risk; Leverage Risk; Anti-Takeover Provisions; Foreign Securities Risk; Foreign Currency Risk; Market Disruption Risk; Risk Associated with the Fund's Covered Call Option Writing Strategy; Senior and Second Lien Secured Loan Risk and Illiquidity Risk. See         www.guggenheiminvestments.com/lcm
 for a detailed discussion of fund-specific risks.


                                        








Investors should consider the investment objectives and policies, risk considerations, charges and expenses of any investment before they invest. For this and more information visit         www.guggenheiminvestments.com
 or contact a securities representative or Guggenheim Funds Distributors, LLC 227 West Monroe Street, Chicago, IL 60606, 800-345-7999.

                                        








Analyst Inquiries        
William T. Korver        
cefs@guggenheiminvestments.com









NOT FDIC-INSURED | NOT BANK-GUARANTEED | MAY LOSE VALUE


                                        








Member FINRA/SIPC (07/17)


                                        




















Copyright (C) 2017 GlobeNewswire, Inc. All rights reserved.
                    



/quotes/zigman/367546/composite 





 Add to watchlist
                    
LCM




Advent/Claymore Enhanced Growth & Income Fund


                US
                
                    : U.S.: NYSE
                
            




$
8.86



+0.04
+0.45%




Volume: 74,424
July 25, 2017 4:02p






P/E RatioN/A
Dividend Yield9.48%




Market CapN/A
Rev. per EmployeeN/A





 









 





































Most Popular





1.






The biggest dog in the Dow might soon break free






2.





Need to Know

Here’s why Amazon, Facebook and the gang are not going to take down this market






3.





Earnings Outlook

AMD earnings: How did we get here?






4.





Market Snapshot

S&P 500, Nasdaq finish at records as investors cheer earnings






5.






Russell Gordy's Ranch Collection Across the American West








Find a Broker

Partner Center »























Featured Stories





Seeing America again through new eyes







How to dig yourself out of debt







Move over, Tesla? Karma unveils its hybrid sports car







The salary you need to afford a home in these 25 cities







Why OPEC will never cut production again













Log In




8:49 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:41pJohn McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful
8:20pPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
7:47pAMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
7:40pAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
7:29pHow about never? Avoid taking meetings with these troublesome co-workers 
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:46pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
6:45pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
5:24pMcCain Returns to Senate With Strong Comments on Health Care
5:24pUniversal Health Services shares drop on earnings, outlook
5:15pHealth-Care Debate Moves Forward in Senate
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






























































Advent Claymore Convertible Sec (NYSE:AGC) Sees Significantly Lower Trading Volume 












































 Finance DailyDaily markets, commodities, personal finance and economic newsAdvent Claymore Convertible Sec (NYSE:AGC) Sees Significantly Lower Trading Volume
July 20, 2017 By Ted Blackburn Tweet
        Advertisement



Trading volume for Advent Claymore Convertible Sec was 43K in the last trading session.  Trading volume was down 80.38% under the stocks average daily volume. 
 Here are a few other firms who have also updated their positions.   As of the end of the quarter Morgan Stanley had acquired 17,012 shares growing its holdings by 219.8%. The value of the total investment in Advent Claymore Convertible Sec went from $46,000 to $151,000 a change of $105,000 quarter to quarter. Shaker Financial Services, LLC divested its stake by selling 29,826 shares a decrease of 60.5% in the quarter. Shaker Financial Services, LLC currently owns 19,474 shares with a value of $119,000. The value of the position overall is down by 56.3%.        Advertisement






 As of quarter end Saba Capital Management, L.p. had bought  a total of 134,371 shares growing its stake by 2.7%. The value of the investment in Advent Claymore Convertible Sec increased from $29,666,000 to $31,647,000 increasing 6.7% quarter over quarter. As of quarter end Rivernorth Capital Management, LLC had disposed of  a total of 384,324 shares trimming its position 20.9%. The value of the company’s investment in Advent Claymore Convertible Sec went from $10,794,000 to $8,868,000 a change of 17.8% since the last quarter.
 The company is so far trading up from yesterday’s close of $6.33.  It is currently trading at $6.38 marginally over the 50 day moving average of $6.28 and which is a tad above the 200 day moving average of $6.18.  The 50 day moving average moved up $0.10 whereas the 200 day moving average was up $0.20 or +3.32%. 
 Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II is a close ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Guggenheim Funds Investment Advisors, LLC. The fund is co-managed by Advent Capital Management, LLC. It invests in fixed income markets across the globe. The fund primarily invests in a diversified portfolio of convertible securities and non-convertible income-producing securities of any credit quality. It employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up security picking approach, focusing on such factors as capital structure research, cash flow, asset values, and attractive risk/reward characteristics to create its portfolio. The fund was formerly known as Advent/Claymore Global Convertible Securities & Income Fund. Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II was formed on February 26, 2007 and is domiciled in the United States..
        Advertisement




TweetRevenue Generating Websites


WD-40 Company (NASDAQ:WDFC) Sees Significantly Lower Trading VolumeWestern Asset/Claymore Inflatio (NYSE:WIW) Sees Unusual Trading Volume in Its SharesWix.com Ltd. – Ordinary Shares (NASDAQ:WIX) Sees Significantly Lower Trading VolumeWorkiva Inc. Class A (NYSE:WK) Sees Significantly Lower Trading VolumeLyon William Homes  (Class A) (NYSE:WLH) Experiences Light Trading VolumeWestlake Chemical Corporation (NYSE:WLK) Experiences Light Trading VolumeWilliams Companies, Inc. (The) (NYSE:WMB) Experiences Lighter than Average Trading Volume
Markets

Economy
Peer-to-Peer Loans Growing in Popularity Among ConsumersIncrease in Young American Adults Not Owning Credit Cards For Various Reasons
Credit / Loans
US Bank, Citibank: Today’s  Mortgage Interest Rates Jul 25, 2017US Bankcorp30 year fixed rate loan interest rates at  are being offered for 3.875% today yielding an APR of 3.946%.  Shorter … [Read More...]
Categories 
Breaking
Technology
Auto
Health
Personal Finance
Economy
Mortgage

About Fi Daily 
Home
Staff
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Accessibility
Terms of Use

 Reuters: Business News
Activist investor urges sale of Barnes & NobleVW executive charged in U.S. emissions probe to plead guilty: courtHouse panel wants Google, Facebook, AT&T CEOs to testify on internet rulesIsraeli settles Mobileye insider trading case with U.S. regulatorsVolatility plunge sends VIX index to 23-year low





\


















































Advent/Claymore Enhanced Growth & Income Fund Announces Expiration and Preliminary Results of Tender Offer











































Home
News
Features
Video
Media Kit
Contact



















Cloud
Business
Enterprise Apps
Hardware
Internet
Networking
Prod Apps
Security
Software Dev 
Storage
IT Weekly























 More Related Stories 








Company News: Page (1) of 1 - 07/11/17
 email article	
 print
	    	page





Advent/Claymore Enhanced Growth & Income Fund Announces Expiration and Preliminary Results of Tender Offer
 


July 11, 2017 -- 






















NEW YORK, July  11, 2017  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Advent/Claymore Enhanced Growth &amp; Income Fund (NYSE:LCM) (the ?Fund) announced today the expiration and preliminary results for its tender offer for up to 4,420,984 common shares (?Shares) of the Fund (approximately 32.5% of the outstanding Shares) (the ?Tender Offer). The Tender Offer commenced on June 12, 2017 and expired on July 11, 2017. Based on current information, approximately 6,939,500 Shares, or approximately 51% of the Funds outstanding common shares, were tendered through the expiration date. This total does not include Shares tendered pursuant to notices of guaranteed delivery. Because the number of Shares exceeded 4,420,984 Shares, the relative number of Shares that will be purchased from each shareholder will be prorated based on the number of Shares properly tendered. The final number of Shares validly tendered and accepted pursuant to the tender offer and the resulting pro-ration for each tendering shareholder is expected to be announced on or about July 17, 2017. The purchase price of properly tendered and accepted Shares is 98% of the Funds net asset value (?NAV) as of the close of regular trading on the New York Stock Exchange on July 12, 2017, the business day immediately following the day the Tender Offer expired. Payment for Shares tendered and accepted is expected to be sent to tendering shareholders on or about July 17, 2017. Questions regarding the Tender Offer may be directed to Georgeson, Inc., the information agent for the tender offer, at (888) 206-0860. Additional Information About Advent Capital ManagementAdvent Capital Management, LLC (?Advent) is a registered investment advisor dedicated to providing its clients with superior investment performance. Advent invests primarily in convertible, high yield and equity securities offered through long only, hedge-fund and NYSE-listed closed-end fund products. Advents investment team consists of seasoned professionals performing bottom-up fundamental research. Since inception in 1995, Advent has grown into a $9 billion diversified investment management firm (as of March 31, 2017) with the ability to capture opportunities globally. Advents growing client base includes some of the worlds largest public and corporate pension plans, foundations, endowments, insurance companies and high net worth individuals. Advent is not affiliated with Guggenheim. About Guggenheim InvestmentsGuggenheim Investments is the global asset management and investment advisory division of Guggenheim Partners, LLC (?Guggenheim), with $217 billion* in total assets across fixed income, equity, and alternative strategies. We focus on the return and risk needs of insurance companies, corporate and public pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, endowments and foundations, consultants, wealth managers, and high-net-worth investors. Our 275+ investment professionals perform rigorous research to understand market trends and identify undervalued opportunities in areas that are often complex and underfollowed. This approach to investment management has enabled us to deliver innovative strategies providing diversification opportunities and attractive long-term results. *Guggenheim Investments total asset figure is as of March 31, 2017. The assets include leverage of $11.7bn for assets under management and $0.4bn for assets for which we provide administrative services. Guggenheim Investments represents the following affiliated investment management businesses of Guggenheim Partners, LLC: Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC, Security Investors, LLC, Guggenheim Funds Investment Advisors, LLC (Investment Advisor for AGC, LCM), Guggenheim Funds Distributors, LLC (Servicing Agent for AVK), Guggenheim Real Estate, LLC, GS GAMMA Advisors, LLC, Guggenheim Partners Europe Limited, and Guggenheim Partners India Management. This information does not represent an offer to sell securities of the Fund and it is not soliciting an offer to buy securities of the Fund. There can be no assurance that the Fund will achieve its investment objective. The net asset value of the Fund will fluctuate with the value of the underlying securities. It is important to note that closed-end funds trade on their market value, not net asset value, and closed-end funds often trade at a discount to their net asset value. Past performance is not indicative of future performance. An investment in the Fund is subject to certain risks and other considerations. Such risks and considerations may include, but are not limited to: Investment and Market Risk; Convertible Securities Risk; Structured and Synthetic Convertible Securities Risk; Lower Grade Securities Risk; Equity Securities Risk; Preferred Securities Risk; Derivatives Risk; Interest Rate Risk; Leverage Risk; Anti-Takeover Provisions; Foreign Securities Risk; Foreign Currency Risk; Market Disruption Risk; Risk Associated with the Funds Covered Call Option Writing Strategy; Senior and Second Lien Secured Loan Risk and Illiquidity Risk. See www.guggenheiminvestments.com/lcm�for a detailed discussion of fund-specific risks. Investors should consider the investment objectives and policies, risk considerations, charges and expenses of any investment before they invest. For this and more information visit www.guggenheiminvestments.com or contact a securities representative or Guggenheim Funds Distributors, LLC 227 West Monroe Street, Chicago, IL 60606, 800-345-7999. NOT FDIC-INSURED | NOT BANK-GUARANTEED | MAY LOSE VALUE Member FINRA/SIPC (07/17)  CONTACT: Analyst InquiriesWilliam T. [email protected]


	Page:    1




Related Keywords:

 Source:Copyright (c) GlobeNewswire, Inc.
 All Rights Reserved 






















DMO TEXT LINKS

 (Click here to place a textlink on this site) 


























































This advertisement will close in  seconds...















Our Privacy Policy
---
@ Copyright, 2015 Digital Media Online,  All 
Rights Reserved 

Webmaster
Privacy. 






AGC Stock Price - Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,613.43


100.26


0.47%











S&P 500

2,477.13


7.22


0.29%











Nasdaq

6,412.17


1.37


0.02%











GlobalDow

2,844.68


0.26


0.01%











Gold

1,253.10


-5.40


-0.43%











Oil

48.37


0.48


1.00%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



FCX 
14.7




NEM 
6.9




RRC 
6.9




CAT 
5.9






STX
-16.5




IPG
-13.3




MU
-5.6




WAT
-5.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








8:40p

John McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful



8:20p

Updated
PayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?



7:47p

Updated
AMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip



7:39p

AMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver



7:28p

Updated
How about never? Avoid taking meetings with these troublesome co-workers 



7:23p

House passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions



7:04p

WSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions



7:01p

Former Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony



6:45p

Updated
One depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream



6:44p

Updated
House votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


AGC


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
NYSE

 



AGC
U.S.: NYSE


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II

Watchlist 
CreateAGCAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 25, 2017 3:59 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
6.44



0.06
0.94%






Previous Close




$6.3800





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




75.33% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    82.4K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 109.4K
            





Open: 6.40
Close: 6.44



6.3800
Day Low/High
6.4500





Day Range



5.2500
52 Week Low/High
6.4500


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$6.40



Day Range
6.3800 - 6.4500



52 Week Range
5.2500 - 6.4500



Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
32.24M



Public Float
n/a



Beta
0.65



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
8.76%



Dividend
$0.05



Ex-Dividend Date
Jul 12, 2017



Short Interest
19.46K
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
109.42K




 


Performance




5 Day


1.74%







1 Month


3.70%







3 Month


4.72%







YTD


9.52%







1 Year


12.98%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones










Advent/Claymore fund raises $575 mln for Fri. debut


May. 25, 2007 at 9:26 a.m. ET
by Steve Gelsi









Advent/Clay Global Convert fund raises $575 mln in IPO


May. 25, 2007 at 9:23 a.m. ET
by Steve Gelsi













Hostile Takeover Bids
Are Likely to Resume


Nov. 29, 2001 at 12:12 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Weak Economy Hurts Insurance Sales


Oct. 8, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Tech Stocks Drop
On Fed Concerns


Aug. 24, 2001 at 12:30 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Stock Markets Fail
To Extend Gains


Aug. 23, 2001 at 8:39 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









AIG, Ross to Invest in 3 Units of Hyundai


Aug. 23, 2001 at 2:00 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









U.K.'s Prudential Enjoys Steady Growth


Jul. 26, 2001 at 9:38 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









How MetLife Pursued Racial Underwriting


Jul. 24, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Treasury Maturities
Post Modest Gains


Jul. 10, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Goldman Is Leader
In Mergers Advice


Jul. 5, 2001 at 9:31 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Slowdown in Deals
Is Likely to Persist


Jul. 2, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Rankings Show Top Deal Advisors


Jun. 29, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Cash Is King for Trans-Atlantic Deals


Jun. 13, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Insurance


Jun. 11, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









New York Life Is Set
To Buy McMorgan


Jun. 6, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Trumped Takeovers:
Rival Buyers Top Bids


May. 31, 2001 at 12:17 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









FleetBoston Eyes Asset Manager


May. 31, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Insurers' Mergers
Appear Inevitable


May. 29, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Alcatel-Lucent Deal
Stirs Stock Concerns


May. 25, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Redo Makes Lincoln
A Takeover Prospect


May. 16, 2001 at 3:47 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









AIG, American General Reach Deal


May. 14, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds
Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds

Jul. 3, 2017 at 1:22 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





'Eerily Familiar': The Ghost Of Bubbles Past
'Eerily Familiar': The Ghost Of Bubbles Past

Jun. 13, 2017 at 6:12 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Wipe Out
Wipe Out

Jun. 7, 2017 at 8:42 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds
Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds

Jun. 2, 2017 at 12:31 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds
Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds

May. 8, 2017 at 12:31 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Is A Bubble Brewing In Income Assets?


Apr. 25, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report - March 2017: CEFs Treading Water


Apr. 5, 2017 at 6:16 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds


Apr. 4, 2017 at 12:35 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Check Out This Low Risk Convertible Fund


Mar. 27, 2017 at 1:33 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Fore Research & Management, LP Buys VanEck Vectors Gold Miners, CA, Vodafone Group PLC, ...


Mar. 8, 2017 at 1:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





The Chemist's CEF Report - February 2017: Caution As CEFs Slightly Overvalued


Mar. 5, 2017 at 8:57 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds


Mar. 2, 2017 at 12:41 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Fore Research & Management, LP Buys CA, Vodafone Group PLC, LiLAC Group, Sells Central Fund ...


Feb. 15, 2017 at 11:38 a.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds


Feb. 2, 2017 at 3:30 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 1/31/17: CELH, OPK, GLV, AGC


Feb. 1, 2017 at 1:32 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





There's Nothing Left For You Here: The Latest On Credit


Jan. 23, 2017 at 9:44 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Driving A Case For Convertibles In 2017


Jan. 13, 2017 at 9:55 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds


Jan. 3, 2017 at 4:47 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report - December 2016: A Recovery In CEFs?


Jan. 2, 2017 at 8:08 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 12/29/16: MCC, BAS, KNDI, FSD


Dec. 30, 2016 at 8:46 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









Guggenheim Investments Announces July 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions
Guggenheim Investments Announces July 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions

Jul. 3, 2017 at 1:15 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Guggenheim Investments Announces June 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions
Guggenheim Investments Announces June 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions

Jun. 1, 2017 at 5:49 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Guggenheim Investments Announces May 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions
Guggenheim Investments Announces May 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions

May. 1, 2017 at 4:46 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





The Board of Trustees of Advent/Claymore Closed-End Funds Announces Potential Tender Offers by AVK and AGC and Declares Distributions, Including an Increased Distribution Rate for AVK
The Board of Trustees of Advent/Claymore Closed-End Funds Announces Potential Tender Offers by AVK and AGC and Declares Distributions, Including an Increased Distribution Rate for AVK

May. 1, 2017 at 4:31 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Guggenheim Investments Announces April 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions


Apr. 3, 2017 at 4:49 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Guggenheim Investments Announces March 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions


Mar. 1, 2017 at 4:16 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Guggenheim Investments Announces January 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions


Jan. 3, 2017 at 4:21 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Guggenheim Investments Announces December 2016 Closed-End Fund Distributions


Dec. 1, 2016 at 5:28 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Guggenheim Investments Announces November 2016 Closed-End Fund Distributions


Nov. 1, 2016 at 4:16 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





David L. Herzog Named to MetLife’s Board of Directors


Oct. 21, 2016 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Guggenheim Investments Announces October 2016  Closed-End Fund Distributions


Oct. 3, 2016 at 4:41 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Guggenheim Investments Announces September 2016  Closed-End Fund Distributions


Sep. 1, 2016 at 4:37 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Advent Claymore Convertible Securities and Income Fund II Commences Share Repurchase Program


Aug. 18, 2016 at 4:16 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Guggenheim Investments Announces August 2016 Closed-End Fund Distributions


Aug. 1, 2016 at 4:05 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire








  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMD

-0.35%








CMG

2.54%








DWT

-9.52%








X

2.69%








IRBT

-2.74%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




8:49 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:41pJohn McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful
8:20pPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
7:47pAMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
7:40pAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
7:29pHow about never? Avoid taking meetings with these troublesome co-workers 
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:46pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
6:45pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
5:24pMcCain Returns to Senate With Strong Comments on Health Care
5:24pUniversal Health Services shares drop on earnings, outlook
5:15pHealth-Care Debate Moves Forward in Senate
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




8:49 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:41pJohn McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful
8:20pPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
7:47pAMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
7:40pAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
7:29pHow about never? Avoid taking meetings with these troublesome co-workers 
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:46pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
6:45pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
5:24pMcCain Returns to Senate With Strong Comments on Health Care
5:24pUniversal Health Services shares drop on earnings, outlook
5:15pHealth-Care Debate Moves Forward in Senate
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




8:49 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:41pJohn McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful
8:20pPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
7:47pAMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
7:40pAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
7:29pHow about never? Avoid taking meetings with these troublesome co-workers 
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:46pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
6:45pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
5:24pMcCain Returns to Senate With Strong Comments on Health Care
5:24pUniversal Health Services shares drop on earnings, outlook
5:15pHealth-Care Debate Moves Forward in Senate
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































AGC Stock Price - Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II Stock Quote (U.S.: NYSE) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,613.43


100.26


0.47%











S&P 500

2,477.13


7.22


0.29%











Nasdaq

6,412.17


1.37


0.02%











GlobalDow

2,844.71


0.29


0.01%











Gold

1,253.20


-5.30


-0.42%











Oil

48.37


0.48


1.00%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



FCX 
14.7




NEM 
6.9




RRC 
6.9




CAT 
5.9






STX
-16.5




IPG
-13.3




MU
-5.6




WAT
-5.4














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








8:40p

John McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful



8:20p

Updated
PayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?



7:47p

Updated
AMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip



7:39p

AMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver



7:28p

Updated
How about never? Avoid taking meetings with these troublesome co-workers 



7:23p

House passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions



7:04p

WSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions



7:01p

Former Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony



6:45p

Updated
One depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream



6:44p

Updated
House votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


AGC


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
NYSE

 



AGC
U.S.: NYSE


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II

Watchlist 
CreateAGCAlert



  


Closed

Last Updated: Jul 25, 2017 3:59 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
6.44



0.06
0.94%






Previous Close




$6.3800





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




75.33% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    82.4K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 109.4K
            





Open: 6.40
Close: 6.44



6.3800
Day Low/High
6.4500





Day Range



5.2500
52 Week Low/High
6.4500


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$6.40



Day Range
6.3800 - 6.4500



52 Week Range
5.2500 - 6.4500



Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
32.24M



Public Float
n/a



Beta
0.65



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
8.76%



Dividend
$0.05



Ex-Dividend Date
Jul 12, 2017



Short Interest
19.46K
07/14/17


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
109.42K




 


Performance




5 Day


1.74%







1 Month


3.70%







3 Month


4.72%







YTD


9.52%







1 Year


12.98%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones










Advent/Claymore fund raises $575 mln for Fri. debut


May. 25, 2007 at 9:26 a.m. ET
by Steve Gelsi









Advent/Clay Global Convert fund raises $575 mln in IPO


May. 25, 2007 at 9:23 a.m. ET
by Steve Gelsi













Hostile Takeover Bids
Are Likely to Resume


Nov. 29, 2001 at 12:12 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Weak Economy Hurts Insurance Sales


Oct. 8, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Tech Stocks Drop
On Fed Concerns


Aug. 24, 2001 at 12:30 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Stock Markets Fail
To Extend Gains


Aug. 23, 2001 at 8:39 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









AIG, Ross to Invest in 3 Units of Hyundai


Aug. 23, 2001 at 2:00 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









U.K.'s Prudential Enjoys Steady Growth


Jul. 26, 2001 at 9:38 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









How MetLife Pursued Racial Underwriting


Jul. 24, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Treasury Maturities
Post Modest Gains


Jul. 10, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Goldman Is Leader
In Mergers Advice


Jul. 5, 2001 at 9:31 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Slowdown in Deals
Is Likely to Persist


Jul. 2, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Rankings Show Top Deal Advisors


Jun. 29, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Cash Is King for Trans-Atlantic Deals


Jun. 13, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Insurance


Jun. 11, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









New York Life Is Set
To Buy McMorgan


Jun. 6, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Trumped Takeovers:
Rival Buyers Top Bids


May. 31, 2001 at 12:17 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









FleetBoston Eyes Asset Manager


May. 31, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Insurers' Mergers
Appear Inevitable


May. 29, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Alcatel-Lucent Deal
Stirs Stock Concerns


May. 25, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Redo Makes Lincoln
A Takeover Prospect


May. 16, 2001 at 3:47 p.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









AIG, American General Reach Deal


May. 14, 2001 at 12:01 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds
Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds

Jul. 3, 2017 at 1:22 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





'Eerily Familiar': The Ghost Of Bubbles Past
'Eerily Familiar': The Ghost Of Bubbles Past

Jun. 13, 2017 at 6:12 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Wipe Out
Wipe Out

Jun. 7, 2017 at 8:42 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds
Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds

Jun. 2, 2017 at 12:31 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds
Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds

May. 8, 2017 at 12:31 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Is A Bubble Brewing In Income Assets?


Apr. 25, 2017 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report - March 2017: CEFs Treading Water


Apr. 5, 2017 at 6:16 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds


Apr. 4, 2017 at 12:35 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Check Out This Low Risk Convertible Fund


Mar. 27, 2017 at 1:33 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Fore Research & Management, LP Buys VanEck Vectors Gold Miners, CA, Vodafone Group PLC, ...


Mar. 8, 2017 at 1:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





The Chemist's CEF Report - February 2017: Caution As CEFs Slightly Overvalued


Mar. 5, 2017 at 8:57 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds


Mar. 2, 2017 at 12:41 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Fore Research & Management, LP Buys CA, Vodafone Group PLC, LiLAC Group, Sells Central Fund ...


Feb. 15, 2017 at 11:38 a.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds


Feb. 2, 2017 at 3:30 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 1/31/17: CELH, OPK, GLV, AGC


Feb. 1, 2017 at 1:32 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





There's Nothing Left For You Here: The Latest On Credit


Jan. 23, 2017 at 9:44 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Driving A Case For Convertibles In 2017


Jan. 13, 2017 at 9:55 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds


Jan. 3, 2017 at 4:47 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report - December 2016: A Recovery In CEFs?


Jan. 2, 2017 at 8:08 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 12/29/16: MCC, BAS, KNDI, FSD


Dec. 30, 2016 at 8:46 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









Guggenheim Investments Announces July 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions
Guggenheim Investments Announces July 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions

Jul. 3, 2017 at 1:15 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Guggenheim Investments Announces June 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions
Guggenheim Investments Announces June 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions

Jun. 1, 2017 at 5:49 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Guggenheim Investments Announces May 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions
Guggenheim Investments Announces May 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions

May. 1, 2017 at 4:46 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





The Board of Trustees of Advent/Claymore Closed-End Funds Announces Potential Tender Offers by AVK and AGC and Declares Distributions, Including an Increased Distribution Rate for AVK
The Board of Trustees of Advent/Claymore Closed-End Funds Announces Potential Tender Offers by AVK and AGC and Declares Distributions, Including an Increased Distribution Rate for AVK

May. 1, 2017 at 4:31 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Guggenheim Investments Announces April 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions


Apr. 3, 2017 at 4:49 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Guggenheim Investments Announces March 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions


Mar. 1, 2017 at 4:16 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Guggenheim Investments Announces January 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions


Jan. 3, 2017 at 4:21 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Guggenheim Investments Announces December 2016 Closed-End Fund Distributions


Dec. 1, 2016 at 5:28 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Guggenheim Investments Announces November 2016 Closed-End Fund Distributions


Nov. 1, 2016 at 4:16 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





David L. Herzog Named to MetLife’s Board of Directors


Oct. 21, 2016 at 8:30 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Guggenheim Investments Announces October 2016  Closed-End Fund Distributions


Oct. 3, 2016 at 4:41 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Guggenheim Investments Announces September 2016  Closed-End Fund Distributions


Sep. 1, 2016 at 4:37 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Advent Claymore Convertible Securities and Income Fund II Commences Share Repurchase Program


Aug. 18, 2016 at 4:16 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire





Guggenheim Investments Announces August 2016 Closed-End Fund Distributions


Aug. 1, 2016 at 4:05 p.m. ET
on GlobeNewswire








  



 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AMD

-0.35%








CMG

2.54%








DWT

-9.52%








X

2.69%








IRBT

-2.74%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.














    AGC Key Statistics - Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II

                  NYSE: AGC
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 25, 2017, 3:59 p.m.


AGC

/quotes/zigman/468325/composite


$
6.44




Change

+0.06
+0.94%

Volume
Volume 82,423
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/468325/composite
Previous close

$
			6.38
		


$
				6.44
			
Change

+0.06
+0.94%





Day low
Day high
$6.38
$6.45










52 week low
52 week high

            $5.25
        

            $6.45
        

















      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Randall C. Barnes 
65
2007
Independent Trustee



Mr. Ronald A. Nyberg 
63
2007
Independent Trustee





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/agc

      MarketWatch News on AGC
    




 Advent/Claymore fund raises $575 mln for Fri. debut
9:25 a.m. May 25, 2007
 - Steve Gelsi




 Advent/Clay Global Convert fund raises $575 mln in IPO
9:23 a.m. May 25, 2007
 - Steve Gelsi









/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/agc

      Other News on AGC
    





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds

1:22 p.m. July 3, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





'Eerily Familiar': The Ghost Of Bubbles Past

6:12 p.m. June 13, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Wipe Out

8:42 a.m. June 7, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds

12:31 a.m. June 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds

12:31 p.m. May 8, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Is A Bubble Brewing In Income Assets?

8:31 a.m. April 25, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report - March 2017: CEFs Treading Water

6:16 a.m. April 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds

12:35 a.m. April 4, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Check Out This Low Risk Convertible Fund

1:33 a.m. March 27, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Fore Research & Management, LP Buys VanEck Vectors Gold Miners, CA, Vodafone Group PLC, ...

2:38 p.m. March 8, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





The Chemist's CEF Report - February 2017: Caution As CEFs Slightly Overvalued

9:57 p.m. March 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds

1:41 p.m. March 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Fore Research & Management, LP Buys CA, Vodafone Group PLC, LiLAC Group, Sells Central Fund ...

12:38 p.m. Feb. 15, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds

4:30 a.m. Feb. 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 1/31/17: CELH, OPK, GLV, AGC

2:32 p.m. Feb. 1, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





There's Nothing Left For You Here: The Latest On Credit

10:44 p.m. Jan. 23, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Driving A Case For Convertibles In 2017

10:55 a.m. Jan. 13, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds

5:47 p.m. Jan. 3, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report - December 2016: A Recovery In CEFs?

9:08 p.m. Jan. 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 12/29/16: MCC, BAS, KNDI, FSD

9:46 a.m. Dec. 30, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha


Loading more headlines...












At a Glance

Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II
1271 Avenue of the Americas
45th floor

New York, New York 10020




Phone
1 2124821600


Industry
Closed-End Funds


Sector
Financial Services


Fiscal Year-end
-


View SEC Filings




Revenue
N/A


Net Income
N/A


Employees

        -


Annual Report for AGC











/news/pressrelease/company/us/agc

      Press Releases on AGC
    




 Guggenheim Investments Announces July 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions
1:15 p.m. July 3, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Guggenheim Investments Announces June 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions
5:49 p.m. June 1, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Guggenheim Investments Announces May 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions
4:46 p.m. May 1, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 The Board of Trustees of Advent/Claymore Closed-End Funds Announces Potential Tender Offers by AVK and AGC and Declares Distributions, Including an Increased Distribution Rate for AVK
4:31 p.m. May 1, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Guggenheim Investments Announces April 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions
4:48 p.m. April 3, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Guggenheim Investments Announces March 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions
5:16 p.m. March 1, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Guggenheim Investments Announces January 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions
5:21 p.m. Jan. 3, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Guggenheim Investments Announces December 2016 Closed-End Fund Distributions
6:28 p.m. Dec. 1, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire




 Guggenheim Investments Announces November 2016 Closed-End Fund Distributions
4:16 p.m. Nov. 1, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire




 David L. Herzog Named to MetLife’s Board of Directors
8:30 a.m. Oct. 21, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Guggenheim Investments Announces October 2016  Closed-End Fund Distributions
4:40 p.m. Oct. 3, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire




 Guggenheim Investments Announces September 2016  Closed-End Fund Distributions
4:37 p.m. Sept. 1, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire




 Advent Claymore Convertible Securities and Income Fund II Commences Share Repurchase Program
4:16 p.m. Aug. 18, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire




 Guggenheim Investments Announces August 2016 Closed-End Fund Distributions
4:05 p.m. Aug. 1, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire











Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:49 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:41pJohn McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful
8:20pPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
7:47pAMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
7:40pAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
7:29pHow about never? Avoid taking meetings with these troublesome co-workers 
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:46pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
6:45pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
5:24pMcCain Returns to Senate With Strong Comments on Health Care
5:24pUniversal Health Services shares drop on earnings, outlook
5:15pHealth-Care Debate Moves Forward in Senate
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































AGC Annual Income Statement - Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II Annual Financials



































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II

                  NYSE: AGC
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 25, 2017, 3:59 p.m.


AGC

/quotes/zigman/468325/composite


$
6.44




Change

+0.06
+0.94%

Volume
Volume 82,423
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/468325/composite
Previous close

$
			6.38
		


$
				6.44
			
Change

+0.06
+0.94%





Day low
Day high
$6.38
$6.45










52 week low
52 week high

            $5.25
        

            $6.45
        


















Income Statement


Balance Sheet


Cash Flow Statement


Annual Financials
Quarter Financials




Annual Financials for Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II


View Ratios


            Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
        







Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:49 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:41pJohn McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful
8:20pPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
7:47pAMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
7:40pAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
7:29pHow about never? Avoid taking meetings with these troublesome co-workers 
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:46pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
6:45pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
5:24pMcCain Returns to Senate With Strong Comments on Health Care
5:24pUniversal Health Services shares drop on earnings, outlook
5:15pHealth-Care Debate Moves Forward in Senate
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



























































    AGC Insider Trading - Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II Transactions - MarketWatch



































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II

                  NYSE: AGC
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 25, 2017, 3:59 p.m.


AGC

/quotes/zigman/468325/composite


$
6.44




Change

+0.06
+0.94%

Volume
Volume 82,423
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/468325/composite
Previous close

$
			6.38
		


$
				6.44
			
Change

+0.06
+0.94%





Day low
Day high
$6.38
$6.45










52 week low
52 week high

            $5.25
        

            $6.45
        



















Sorry, there are no insider transactions for this symbol.

        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    










Transaction Summary
Total insider purchases and sales reported to the SEC
Data not available.



            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. Randall C. Barnes 
Independent Trustee




Mr. Ronald A. Nyberg 
Independent Trustee









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:49 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:41pJohn McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful
8:20pPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
7:47pAMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
7:40pAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
7:29pHow about never? Avoid taking meetings with these troublesome co-workers 
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:46pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
6:45pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
5:24pMcCain Returns to Senate With Strong Comments on Health Care
5:24pUniversal Health Services shares drop on earnings, outlook
5:15pHealth-Care Debate Moves Forward in Senate
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































    AGC Historical Stock Quotes - Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II Historical Stock Quotes - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II

                  NYSE: AGC
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 25, 2017, 3:59 p.m.


AGC

/quotes/zigman/468325/composite


$
6.44




Change

+0.06
+0.94%

Volume
Volume 82,423
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/468325/composite
Previous close

$
			6.38
		


$
				6.44
			
Change

+0.06
+0.94%





Day low
Day high
$6.38
$6.45










52 week low
52 week high

            $5.25
        

            $6.45
        















Enter Date:



Historical quote for: AGC



Monday, July 25, 2016


Closing price:



Open:



High:



Low:



Volume:


 

















Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:49 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:41pJohn McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful
8:20pPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
7:47pAMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
7:40pAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
7:29pHow about never? Avoid taking meetings with these troublesome co-workers 
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:46pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
6:45pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
5:24pMcCain Returns to Senate With Strong Comments on Health Care
5:24pUniversal Health Services shares drop on earnings, outlook
5:15pHealth-Care Debate Moves Forward in Senate
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


























































    AGC Options Chain - Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II Options Chain - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II

                  NYSE: AGC
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 25, 2017, 3:59 p.m.


AGC

/quotes/zigman/468325/composite


$
6.44




Change

+0.06
+0.94%

Volume
Volume 82,423
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/468325/composite
Previous close

$
			6.38
		


$
				6.44
			
Change

+0.06
+0.94%





Day low
Day high
$6.38
$6.45










52 week low
52 week high

            $5.25
        

            $6.45
        





















No Option Chain found









Related Links

Options Center


Options Screener


Options Expiration Calendar







Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:50 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:41pJohn McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful
8:20pPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
7:47pAMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
7:40pAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
7:29pHow about never? Avoid taking meetings with these troublesome co-workers 
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:46pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
6:45pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
5:24pMcCain Returns to Senate With Strong Comments on Health Care
5:24pUniversal Health Services shares drop on earnings, outlook
5:15pHealth-Care Debate Moves Forward in Senate
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



























































    AGC SEC Filings - Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II SEC Filings - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II

                  NYSE: AGC
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 25, 2017, 3:59 p.m.


AGC

/quotes/zigman/468325/composite


$
6.44




Change

+0.06
+0.94%

Volume
Volume 82,423
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/468325/composite
Previous close

$
			6.38
		


$
				6.44
			
Change

+0.06
+0.94%





Day low
Day high
$6.38
$6.45










52 week low
52 week high

            $5.25
        

            $6.45
        

















Show All


8-K



10-K



10-Q



Proxy



Registration



13D



13F



13G







SEC Filings for Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II
    
Getting Started with SEC Filings



Filing Date
Document Date
Type
Category
Amended



05/02/2017


N/A


SC 13D/A


N/A


*




04/10/2017


N/A


SC 13G/A


Institutional Ownership


*




02/13/2017


N/A


SC 13G/A


Institutional Ownership


*




01/24/2017


N/A


SC 13G/A


Institutional Ownership


*




12/15/2016


N/A


SC 13D/A


N/A


*




08/26/2016


09/28/2016


DEF 14A


Proxy Statement







08/26/2016


N/A


SC 13D/A


N/A


*




08/05/2016


N/A


SC 13D/A


N/A


*




06/10/2016


N/A


SC 13G/A


Institutional Ownership


*




04/27/2016


N/A


SC 13D


N/A







03/29/2016


N/A


SC 13G/A


Institutional Ownership


*




03/14/2016


N/A


SC 13G


Institutional Ownership







02/10/2016


N/A


SC 13G/A


Institutional Ownership


*




01/13/2016


N/A


SC 13G/A


Institutional Ownership


*




11/18/2015


N/A


SC 13G/A


Institutional Ownership


*




08/28/2015


09/30/2015


DEF 14A


Proxy Statement







02/13/2015


N/A


SC 13G/A


Institutional Ownership


*




02/11/2015


N/A


SC 13G/A


Institutional Ownership


*




08/29/2014


09/30/2014


DEF 14A


Proxy Statement







02/12/2014


N/A


SC 13G/A


Institutional Ownership


*






More...





      SEC Filings provided by EDGAR Online, Inc.















Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:50 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:41pJohn McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful
8:20pPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
7:47pAMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
7:40pAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
7:29pHow about never? Avoid taking meetings with these troublesome co-workers 
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:46pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
6:45pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
5:24pMcCain Returns to Senate With Strong Comments on Health Care
5:24pUniversal Health Services shares drop on earnings, outlook
5:15pHealth-Care Debate Moves Forward in Senate
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































  AGC Quote - Advent Claymore Convertible Securities and Income Fund II - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Advent Claymore Convertible Securities and Income Fund II   AGC:US   New York        6.44USD   0.06   0.94%     As of 8:04 PM EDT 7/25/2017     Open   6.40    Day Range   6.38 - 6.45    Previous Close   6.38    52Wk Range   5.25 - 6.45    1 Yr Return   23.74%    YTD Return   15.48%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   6.40    Day Range   6.38 - 6.45    Volume   82,423    Previous Close   6.38    52Wk Range   5.25 - 6.45    1 Yr Return   21.74%    YTD Return   15.48%    NAV (on 07/24/2017)   6.80000019    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/14/2017)   367.651    Inception Date   05/24/2007    Premium/Discount   -6.18%    Average 52-Week Premium   -10.30%    Fund Managers   TRACY VINCENT MAITLAND / PAUL L LATRONICA    Last Dividend (on 07/12/2017)   0.047    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   8.76%    Expense Ratio   1.96%    3 Mo Return   6.96%    3 Yr Return   4.14%    5 Yr Return   8.99%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        MVRXX:US   Morgan Stanley Institutional L    23.59 m 23.59 m 6.41      QZ752397:COR   CHK 5 ½ 09/15/26    4.34 k 4.29 m 1.17      LW323010:COR   WFT 5 ⅞ 07/01/21    3.54 k 4.22 m 1.15      JK964020:COR   FTR 11 09/15/25    4.02 k 3.90 m 1.06      QZ123790:COR   DISH 3 ⅜ 08/15/26    2.82 k 3.47 m 0.94      EK808355:COR   AFFP 6 ¼ PERP    3.00 k 3.45 m 0.94      EJ843691:COR   OCINV 3 ⅞ 09/25/18    3.00 k 3.29 m 0.89      EP048150:PFD   AGN 5 ½ 03/01/18    3.73 k 3.23 m 0.88      QZ254907:COR   QRVO 7 12/01/25    2.66 k 2.97 m 0.81      EK744713:COR   WMGI 2 02/15/20    2.52 k 2.96 m 0.80           Profile   Advent Claymore Convertible Securities and Income Fund II is a diversified, closed-end management investment company. The Fund's objective is to provide total return, through a combination of capital appreciation and current income. The Fund invests at least 80% of its managed assets in a diversified portfolio of convertible securities and non-convertible income-producing securities.    Address  Advent Capital Management LLC1271 Avenue of the Americas45th FloorNew York, New York 10020   Phone  800-345-7999   Website   www.guggenheiminvestments.com/agc              



    AGC Key Statistics - Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II

                  NYSE: AGC
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 25, 2017, 3:59 p.m.


AGC

/quotes/zigman/468325/composite


$
6.44




Change

+0.06
+0.94%

Volume
Volume 82,423
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/468325/composite
Previous close

$
			6.38
		


$
				6.44
			
Change

+0.06
+0.94%





Day low
Day high
$6.38
$6.45










52 week low
52 week high

            $5.25
        

            $6.45
        

















      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Randall C. Barnes 
65
2007
Independent Trustee



Mr. Ronald A. Nyberg 
63
2007
Independent Trustee





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/agc

      MarketWatch News on AGC
    




 Advent/Claymore fund raises $575 mln for Fri. debut
9:25 a.m. May 25, 2007
 - Steve Gelsi




 Advent/Clay Global Convert fund raises $575 mln in IPO
9:23 a.m. May 25, 2007
 - Steve Gelsi









/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/agc

      Other News on AGC
    





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds

1:22 p.m. July 3, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





'Eerily Familiar': The Ghost Of Bubbles Past

6:12 p.m. June 13, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Wipe Out

8:42 a.m. June 7, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds

12:31 a.m. June 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds

12:31 p.m. May 8, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Is A Bubble Brewing In Income Assets?

8:31 a.m. April 25, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report - March 2017: CEFs Treading Water

6:16 a.m. April 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds

12:35 a.m. April 4, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Check Out This Low Risk Convertible Fund

1:33 a.m. March 27, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Fore Research & Management, LP Buys VanEck Vectors Gold Miners, CA, Vodafone Group PLC, ...

2:38 p.m. March 8, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





The Chemist's CEF Report - February 2017: Caution As CEFs Slightly Overvalued

9:57 p.m. March 5, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds

1:41 p.m. March 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Fore Research & Management, LP Buys CA, Vodafone Group PLC, LiLAC Group, Sells Central Fund ...

12:38 p.m. Feb. 15, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds

4:30 a.m. Feb. 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 1/31/17: CELH, OPK, GLV, AGC

2:32 p.m. Feb. 1, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





There's Nothing Left For You Here: The Latest On Credit

10:44 p.m. Jan. 23, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Driving A Case For Convertibles In 2017

10:55 a.m. Jan. 13, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Guggenheim declares monthly distribution on Funds

5:47 p.m. Jan. 3, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





The Chemist's CEF Report - December 2016: A Recovery In CEFs?

9:08 p.m. Jan. 2, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





InsiderInsights.com Daily Round Up 12/29/16: MCC, BAS, KNDI, FSD

9:46 a.m. Dec. 30, 2016
 - Seeking Alpha


Loading more headlines...












At a Glance

Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II
1271 Avenue of the Americas
45th floor

New York, New York 10020




Phone
1 2124821600


Industry
Closed-End Funds


Sector
Financial Services


Fiscal Year-end
-


View SEC Filings




Revenue
N/A


Net Income
N/A


Employees

        -


Annual Report for AGC











/news/pressrelease/company/us/agc

      Press Releases on AGC
    




 Guggenheim Investments Announces July 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions
1:15 p.m. July 3, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Guggenheim Investments Announces June 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions
5:49 p.m. June 1, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Guggenheim Investments Announces May 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions
4:46 p.m. May 1, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 The Board of Trustees of Advent/Claymore Closed-End Funds Announces Potential Tender Offers by AVK and AGC and Declares Distributions, Including an Increased Distribution Rate for AVK
4:31 p.m. May 1, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Guggenheim Investments Announces April 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions
4:48 p.m. April 3, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Guggenheim Investments Announces March 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions
5:16 p.m. March 1, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Guggenheim Investments Announces January 2017 Closed-End Fund Distributions
5:21 p.m. Jan. 3, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Guggenheim Investments Announces December 2016 Closed-End Fund Distributions
6:28 p.m. Dec. 1, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire




 Guggenheim Investments Announces November 2016 Closed-End Fund Distributions
4:16 p.m. Nov. 1, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire




 David L. Herzog Named to MetLife’s Board of Directors
8:30 a.m. Oct. 21, 2016
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Guggenheim Investments Announces October 2016  Closed-End Fund Distributions
4:40 p.m. Oct. 3, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire




 Guggenheim Investments Announces September 2016  Closed-End Fund Distributions
4:37 p.m. Sept. 1, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire




 Advent Claymore Convertible Securities and Income Fund II Commences Share Repurchase Program
4:16 p.m. Aug. 18, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire




 Guggenheim Investments Announces August 2016 Closed-End Fund Distributions
4:05 p.m. Aug. 1, 2016
 - GlobeNewswire











Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




8:50 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
8:41pJohn McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful
8:20pPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
7:47pAMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
7:40pAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
7:29pHow about never? Avoid taking meetings with these troublesome co-workers 
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:46pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
6:45pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
5:43pThis is what it will take for bitcoin to become a legit currency 
5:37pEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
5:35pUSS Thunderbolt Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Vessel in Gulf
5:32pHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
5:30pChegg shares sink after second-quarter loss 
5:24pMcCain Returns to Senate With Strong Comments on Health Care
5:24pUniversal Health Services shares drop on earnings, outlook
5:15pHealth-Care Debate Moves Forward in Senate
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15
























































  XAGCX Quote - Advent Claymore Convertible Securities and Income Fund II - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Advent Claymore Convertible Securities and Income Fund II   XAGCX:US   NASDAQ GM        6.80USD   0.00   0.00%     As of 9:29 AM EDT 7/24/2017     Fund Type   Closed-End Fund    52Wk Range   6.28 - 6.86    1 Yr Return   12.16%    YTD Return   9.02%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   6.80    52Wk Range   6.28 - 6.86    1 Yr Return   11.99%    YTD Return   9.02%    Fund Type   Closed-End Fund    Objective   Convertible    Asset Class Focus   Fixed Income    Geographic Focus   Global    NAV (on 07/24/2017)   6.8    Total Assets (m USD) (on 07/14/2017)   367.651    Inception Date   05/24/2007    Last Dividend (on 07/12/2017)   0.047    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   8.29%    Fund Managers   TRACY VINCENT MAITLAND / PAUL L LATRONICA    Front Load Fee   0.00%    Back Load Fee   0.00%    Redemption Fee   0.00%    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   0.40%    Expense Ratio   1.96%                Top Fund Holdings       Name Position Value % of Fund        MVRXX:US   Morgan Stanley Institutional L    23.59 m 23.59 m 6.41      QZ752397:COR   CHK 5 ½ 09/15/26    4.34 k 4.29 m 1.17      LW323010:COR   WFT 5 ⅞ 07/01/21    3.54 k 4.22 m 1.15      JK964020:COR   FTR 11 09/15/25    4.02 k 3.90 m 1.06      QZ123790:COR   DISH 3 ⅜ 08/15/26    2.82 k 3.47 m 0.94      EK808355:COR   AFFP 6 ¼ PERP    3.00 k 3.45 m 0.94      EJ843691:COR   OCINV 3 ⅞ 09/25/18    3.00 k 3.29 m 0.89      EP048150:PFD   AGN 5 ½ 03/01/18    3.73 k 3.23 m 0.88      QZ254907:COR   QRVO 7 12/01/25    2.66 k 2.97 m 0.81      EK744713:COR   WMGI 2 02/15/20    2.52 k 2.96 m 0.80           Profile   Advent Claymore Convertible Securities and Income Fund II is a diversified, closed-end management investment company. The Fund's objective is to provide total return, through a combination of capital appreciation and current income. The Fund invests at least 80% of its managed assets in a diversified portfolio of convertible securities and non-convertible income-producing securities.    Address  Advent Capital Management LLC1271 Avenue of the Americas45th FloorNew York, New York 10020   Phone  800-345-7999   Website   www.guggenheiminvestments.com/agc              








Advent Claymore Closed-End Funds Announce Investment Policy Changes - TheStreet





























































 

 




















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 








































Advent Claymore Closed-End Funds Announce Investment Policy Changes






Business Wire




Dec 6, 2011 5:21 PM EST













 


















































  Advent/Claymore Global Convertible Securities & Income Fund (NYSE: AGC), Advent Claymore Convertible Securities and Income Fund (NYSE: AVK) and Advent/Claymore Enhanced Growth & Income Fund (NYSE: LCM) (together the “Funds”) announced today that the Board of Trustees of the Funds recently approved changes to certain non-fundamental investment policies for each of the Funds. These modifications were designed to expand the portfolio management flexibility of the Funds and may provide an opportunity to enhance shareholder value through the investment manager’s expanded investment capabilities and ability to manage risk.   AGC  -- AGC will continue to pursue its investment objective to provide total return, through a combination of capital appreciation and current income. In addition, AGC will continue to seek to achieve its investment objective by investing, under normal market conditions, at least 80% of its managed assets in a diversified portfolio of convertible securities and non-convertible income-producing securities, each of U.S. and non-U.S. issuers. However, it will no longer be a non-fundamental investment policy that (i) it must invest at least 50% of its managed assets in foreign securities and (ii) it will invest in the securities of issuers located in at least three different countries, including the United States. Following implementation of this policy change, AGC’s investment in foreign securities may vary over time in the discretion of the Fund’s investment manager. Upon effectiveness of this policy change, AGC will change its name to “Advent Claymore Convertible Securities and Income Fund II”.   AVK   -- AVK will continue to pursue its investment objective to provide total return, through a combination of capital appreciation and current income. In addition, AVK will continue to seek to achieve its investment objective by investing, under normal market conditions, at least 80% of its managed assets in a diversified portfolio of convertible securities and non-convertible income securities. However, it will no longer be a non-fundamental investment policy that AVK is limited to investing up to 25% of its managed assets in securities of foreign issuers. Following the implementation of this policy change, AVK may invest without limitation in securities of foreign issuers and AVK’s investment in foreign securities may vary over time in the discretion of the Fund’s investment advisor. To the extent that AVK increases its investment in foreign securities, it will be more susceptible to the risks associated with such investments.   LCM -- LCM will continue to pursue its primary investment objective to provide current income and current gains from trading in securities, and its secondary objective of long-term capital appreciation. In addition, LCM will continue to seek to achieve its investment objective by investing, under normal market conditions, at least 70% of its managed assets in a diversified portfolio of equity securities and convertible securities of U.S. and non-U.S. issuers. However, LCM’s non-fundamental investment policy regarding its option strategy will be modified such that LCM will not be subject to any minimum or maximum percentage of its portfolio securities on which it will be required to write covered call options. Following the implementation of this policy change, the percentage of LCM’s portfolio securities on which covered call options will be written may vary over time in the discretion of the Fund’s investment manager. As LCM writes covered call options on more of its portfolio, it becomes more subject to the risks associated with covered call option writing and its ability to benefit from capital appreciation in holdings on which options have been written becomes more limited.  Effectiveness of Policy Changes -- AGC and LCM will provide shareholders with written notice of their policy changes and the changes shall become effective 60 days after providing such written notices. The policy change by AVK will also become effective at that time.  Summary of Certain Additional Risk Factors  As a result of the changes in the Funds’ investment policies described above, the Funds may be subject to certain additional risk factors.  



 








 










































If you liked this article you might like













Ex-Dividends To Watch: 3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: AGC, JGH, GBAB
AGC JGH GBAB are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Wednesday, July 13, 2016



TheStreet Wire

Jul 12, 2016 10:00 AM EDT
























3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Monday: AGC, QQQX, ROIC
AGC QQQX ROIC are going ex-dividend Monday, Monday, June 13, 2016



TheStreet Wire

Jun 10, 2016 10:00 AM EDT
























3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Wednesday: JHY, AGC, BHK
JHY AGC BHK are going ex-dividend Wednesday, Wednesday, April 13, 2016



TheStreet Wire

Apr 12, 2016 10:00 AM EDT
























3 Stocks Going Ex-Dividend Tomorrow: AGC, BIT, NSP
AGC BIT NSP are going ex-dividend tomorrow, Friday, March 11, 2016



TheStreet Wire

Mar 10, 2016 10:00 AM EST








































 











Trending


Ford's Mustang Is America's Most Popular Classic Car


AMD's Blowout Second Quarter Got a Boost From the Cryptocurrency Mining Craze


We Found 9 Products on Amazon With Inflated Discount Rates


Alphabet Did Nothing to Push S&P 500 and Nasdaq to Fresh Records


Advanced Micro Devices Could Explode Another 17% Within Hours: Chart











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 















Guggenheim Partners - Wikipedia





















 






Guggenheim Partners

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Advent/Claymore Global Convertible Securities & Income Fund)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Guggenheim Partners, LLC.





Type

Limited liability company


Industry
Financial services


Founded
1999


Founder
Guggenheim family
Mark Walter
J. Todd Morley
Steven E. Johnson


Headquarters
New York City
Chicago



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Mark Walter CEO
Alan Schwartz
Fares Noujaim
Thomas J. Irvin
Scott Minerd
Peter O. Lawson-Johnston II
Andrew M. Rosenfield
Brian T. Sir


Products
Investment banking
Capital markets
Investment management
Merchant banking
Wealth management
Insurance
Exchange-traded funds
Unit investment trusts


Services
Diversified financial services


AUM
$260 billion


Owner
Private



Number of employees

2,300


Website
guggenheimpartners.com
guggenheiminvestments.com


Guggenheim Partners is a global investment and advisory financial services firm that engages in investment banking, capital markets services, investment management, investment advisory, and insurance services. The firm is headquartered in New York City and Chicago with 2,300 staff located in 20 cities throughout the United States, Europe, and Asia.[1] It has more than $260 billion of assets under management.[2] The firm's CEO is Mark Walter. It has six Managing Partners who are key executives, and with a Senior Leadership Team of 17 other executives, oversee the Firm's businesses. It was founded by Peter Lawson-Johnston II, Solomon R. Guggenheim's great-grandson.[3]



Contents


1 Organization
2 Investments
3 References
4 External links



Organization[edit]
Guggenheim Partners provides services across insurance services, investment banking, capital markets, strategic direction, investment management, merchant banking, and asset management. Guggenheim Investment Advisors oversees about $50 billion in assets.[4][5]
In June 2009, Guggenheim hired former Bear Stearns CEO Alan Schwartz as Executive Chairman to "focus on transforming Guggenheim's existing broker-dealer, which is focused on sales and trading of fixed income securities, into a full-service investment banking enterprise".[6]
In September 2009, Guggenheim hired former Goldman Sachs partner Peter Comisar as Vice Chairman and Head of West Coast Investment Banking.[7] The West Coast Advisory team is also headed by Managing Directors from Bear Stearns, Moelis & Co and Credit Suisse. The West Coast team focuses on Consumer Retail and Digital E-Commerce advisory while the NY office houses the remaining industry verticals and product groups with the except of oil & gas, which is based out of Houston.
In October 2009, Guggenheim hired former J.P. Morgan head of Media Investment Banking Mark Van Lith as Senior Managing Director and Head of Investment Banking.[8]
In March 2012, Guggenheim hired former Apollo Global Management director and vice chairman Henry Silverman as vice chairman of asset management.[9]
In January 2013, Guggenheim named former Yahoo! interim CEO Ross Levinsohn as CEO of private equity unit Guggenheim Digital Media.[10]
In May & June 2013, the firm also hired Goldman Sachs Group Inc.’s co-head of U.S. leveraged finance capital markets Tom Stein, former Barclays head of retail investment banking and vice chairman Andrew Taussig, as well as managing directors Spencer Hart, Matthew Pilla, Ken Harada and Ryan Mash.[11]
In September 2013, Guggenheim Securities was named a financial adviser to Verizon in connection with its $130 billion acquisition of Vodafone's 45% stake in Verizon Wireless.[12]
Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, the investment arm of Guggenheim Partners, was charged by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) with failure to disclose a $50 million loan made in 2010 to a senior executive from a client. The firm paid $20 million in 2015 to settle the charges.[13] The government agency also found that Guggenheim's compliance program did not prevent violations of federal securities laws. According to the SEC, the firm's employees did not report dozens of trips on clients' private airplanes and had overbilled a client $6.5 million in fees, taking nearly two years to reimburse them.[13]
On December 17, 2015, it was reported that in response to losses across Guggenheim Partners, the company would spin out its media properties into a new holding company owned by an investment group led by Guggenheim president Todd Boehly, consisting of Mediabistro, Billboard and The Hollywood Reporter, and Dick Clark Productions.[14][15]
Investments[edit]
In May 2009, Guggenheim Partners acquired a controlling interest in financial services firm Transparent Value LLC.[16] In July 2009, it acquired Claymore Group, a firm known for its Exchange-traded funds "Guggenheim ETFs".  and unit investment trusts "Guggenheim UITs". .[17] In December 2009, Guggenheim acquired a division of Wellmark and renamed it Guggenheim Life & Annuity.[18] In February 2010, Guggenheim Partners acquired Security Benefit Corp, parent company of Rydex Funds.[19] In October 2011, it acquired the life insurance company EquiTrust from FBL Financial Group.[20] In 2012, Guggenheim affiliates acquired the US annuities business of Canadian insurers Industrial Alliance and Sun Life Financial.[21][22]
In March 2012, Guggenheim Baseball Management acquired the Los Angeles Dodgers team for $2.15 billion in cash.[23] The consortium consisted of Guggenheim controlling partner Mark Walter, former Los Angeles Laker Magic Johnson and partners Peter Guber, Stan Kasten, Bobby Patton and Todd Boehly.[24] The acquisition includes the surrounding land and parking lot of Dodger Stadium.[25] Mark Walter said of the acquisition: "It's a lot of money, but if we do our jobs right...the long-term point of view is that people will see that the value was there."[26]
That September, Guggenheim bought a stake in the entertainment production company Dick Clark Productions,[27] which produces specials such as the American Music Awards and the Golden Globe Awards and other television programming.
In January 2013, the company bought out the remainder of the business-to-business media company Prometheus Global Media[28][29] and acquired CardCash in November of the same year.[30] In February 2014, Guggenheim Partners acquired the Los Angeles Sparks of the WNBA.[31]
References[edit]

Notes



^ "Guggenheim Partners – About Us". 
^ "Guggenheim Partners – Home". 
^ "Speaker's Biography: Peter Lawson-Johnston II". Milken Institute. 2005. Retrieved May 1, 2012. 
^ "Guggenheim ‘Excited’ About Private Equity, Likes Macro Funds". Bloomberg. October 8, 2009. Retrieved October 13, 2009. 
^ "Guggenheim Partners provides strategic direction". Guggenheimpartners. Retrieved 25 February 2017. 
^ "Alan Schwartz Joins Guggenheim Partners as Executive Chairman". Reuters. June 2, 2009. Retrieved October 13, 2009. 
^ "Peter Comisar Joins Guggenheim Securities as Vice Chairman and Head of West Coast Investment Banking". prnewswire.com. September 10, 2009. Retrieved October 13, 2009. 
^ "Mark Van Lith Joins Guggenheim Securities' Investment Banking Group". Reuters. October 7, 2009. Retrieved October 13, 2009. 
^ Lattman, Peter (March 8, 2012). "Henry Silverman Joins Guggenheim Partners". The New York Times. 
^ Nicholas Carlson (January 15, 2013). "Ex-Yahoo Interim CEO Ross Levinsohn Is Now CEO Of Guggenheim Digital Media". Business Insider. 
^ "Guggenheim lands Barclays retail team as flight to boutiques continues". Reuters. May 8, 2013. 
^ "Verizon Buoys Guggenheim With Taubman on Awarding M&A Roles". Bloomberg. 
^ a b Stevenson, Alexandra (August 10, 2015). "Guggenheim Partners Pays $20 Million to Settle S.E.C. Charges". The New York Times. 
^ "Guggenheim Prepares To Sell Hollywood Reporter, Dick Clark Productions To Exec". Deadline.com. Retrieved 18 December 2015. 
^ "Guggenheim Media Spins Off Money-Losing Hollywood Reporter, Billboard to Company President Todd Boehly (Exclusive)". The Wrap. Retrieved 18 December 2015. 
^ "About Us". Transparent Value. Retrieved May 1, 2012. 
^ "Guggenheim Partners to Acquire Claymore Group". Reuters. July 31, 2009. 
^ "Guggenheim Capital unit acquires Wellmark Community Insurance". Retrieved 2015-01-05. 
^ John Spence (February 16, 2010). "Guggenheim buys Rydex parent". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved May 1, 2012. 
^ Jennifer Booton. "FBL Financial Sells EquiTrust Life Insurance Co. for $440M". Fox Business. 
^ "Guggenheim Becoming Major Annuity Player". Retrieved 2015-01-05. 
^ "Guggenheim affiliate buys Sun Life annuity business for $1.35B". Retrieved 2015-01-05. 
^ Bill Shaikin and David Wharton (March 27, 2012). "Magic Johnson-led group is picked as Dodgers' next owner". The Los Angeles Times. Retrieved May 1, 2012. 
^ Matthew Futterman (March 29, 2012). "$2 Billion Dodgers Price Tag Shatters Records". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved May 1, 2012. 
^ "Magic Johnson group buys Dodgers for $2 billion". The Wall Street Journal. March 28, 2012. Retrieved May 1, 2012. 
^ "New LA Dodgers owners explore ways to boost value". Orlando Sentinel. May 2, 2012. Retrieved May 3, 2012. 
^ Nellie Andreeva. "Guggenheim Partners-Led Group Reaches Agreement To Buy Dick Clark Prods.". Deadline. 
^ "Prometheus bound". New York Post. Retrieved 29 May 2014. 
^ "Guggenheim Digital Media Buys Remaining Stake in Backstage, Sonic Bids". Adweek. Retrieved 29 May 2014. 
^ "Investments 9 Investments in 7 Companies". CrunchBase. Retrieved 2015-02-14. 
^ Rohlin, Melissa (February 4, 2014). "Sparks bought by investment group led by Magic Johnson and Mark Walter". Los Angeles Times. 


External links[edit]

Official website
Guggenheim Investments website








v
t
e


Principal owners of the Los Angeles Dodgers franchise



Brooklyn Atlantics/Grays/Bridegrooms/Grooms/
Superbas/Robins/Dodgers (1883–1957)



Abell & Byrne
Abell, Byrne & Chauncey
Abell & C. Ebbets
Abell, C. Ebbets, Hanlon & Von der Horst
Abell, C. Ebbets, Hanlon & Medicus
C. Ebbets & Medicus
C. Ebbets, E. McKeever & S. McKeever
Brooklyn Trust Company, G. Ebbets, Gilleaudeau & Stephen McKeever
Brooklyn Trust Company, G. Ebbets, Gilleaudeau, J. Mulvey & D. Mulvey
J. Mulvey & D. Mulvey, W. O'Malley, Rickey & Smith
W. O'Malley





Los Angeles Dodgers (1958–present)



W. O'Malley
P. O'Malley
Fox Entertainment Group
McCourt
Guggenheim Baseball Management (Walter, Johnson, Guber, Kasten, Patton and Boehly)












v
t
e


Major League Baseball owners by team



American League




East



Peter Angelos (Baltimore Orioles)
John W. Henry (Boston Red Sox)
Hal Steinbrenner (New York Yankees)
Stuart Sternberg (Tampa Bay Rays)
Rogers Communications (Toronto Blue Jays)





Central



Jerry Reinsdorf (Chicago White Sox)
Larry Dolan (Cleveland Indians)
Christopher Ilitch (Detroit Tigers)
David Glass (Kansas City Royals)
Jim Pohlad (Minnesota Twins)





West



Jim Crane (Houston Astros)
Arte Moreno (Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim)
John J. Fisher (Oakland Athletics)
John W. Stanton (Seattle Mariners)
Ray Davis and Bob R. Simpson (Texas Rangers)








National League




East



Liberty Media (Atlanta Braves)
Jeffrey Loria (Miami Marlins)
Fred Wilpon (New York Mets)
John S. Middleton (Philadelphia Phillies)
Ted Lerner (Washington Nationals)





Central



Thomas S. Ricketts (Chicago Cubs)
Bob Castellini (Cincinnati Reds)
Mark Attanasio (Milwaukee Brewers)
Robert Nutting (Pittsburgh Pirates)
William DeWitt, Jr. (St. Louis Cardinals)





West



Ken Kendrick (Arizona Diamondbacks)
Monfort brothers (Colorado Rockies)
Guggenheim Baseball Management (Los Angeles Dodgers)
Ron Fowler (San Diego Padres)
Larry Baer (San Francisco Giants)















v
t
e


Los Angeles Dodgers




Formerly the Brooklyn Robins and the Brooklyn Dodgers. Based in Los Angeles



Franchise



History in Brooklyn
History in Los Angeles
Seasons
Award winners
Records
No-hitters
Players
First-round draft picks
Managers
Owners and executives
Coaches
Broadcasters
Los Angeles Dodgers Radio Network
SportsNet LA
Hall of Famers
Opening Day starting pitchers





Ballparks



Washington Park
Eastern Park
Ridgewood Park
Washington Park
Ebbets Field
Roosevelt Stadium
Proposed domed stadium
Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum
Dodger Stadium
Spring training: Whittington Park
Majestic Park
Barrs Field
Tinker Field
Clearwater Athletic Field
City Island Ball Park
Gran Stadium de La Habana
Holman Stadium
Camelback Ranch





Culture and lore



Dodger Dog
Chronicle-Telegraph Cup
This is Next Year
The First
Fernandomania
Kirk Gibson Walk-Off Home Run
Sandy Koufax's Perfect Game
Flag Burning
Chavez Ravine
Dodger Blue
I Love L.A.
Roy Campanella Award
Historic Dodgertown
1946 NL tie-breaker series
1951 NL tie-breaker series

"Shot Heard 'Round the World"


1959 NL tie-breaker series
1962 NL tie-breaker series
1980 NL West tie-breaker game
Orel Hershiser's scoreless innings streak
Vin Scully
Tommy Lasorda
Nancy Bea
Hilda Chester
2011 bankruptcy
42





Rivalries



San Francisco Giants
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim
Subway Series/New York Yankees





Hall of Fame
members



Walter Alston
Roy Campanella
Don Drysdale
Leo Durocher
Burleigh Grimes
Willie Keeler
Sandy Koufax
Vin Scully
Tommy Lasorda
Walter O'Malley
Pee Wee Reese
Branch Rickey
Jackie Robinson
Wilbert Robinson
Duke Snider
Don Sutton
Dazzy Vance
Zack Wheat





Key personnel



Owner: Guggenheim Baseball Management
President: Stan Kasten
President of Baseball Operations: Andrew Friedman
General Manager: Farhan Zaidi
Manager: Dave Roberts





World Series
Championships (6)



1955
1959
1963
1965
1981
1988





League pennants
(22)



American Association: 1889
National League: 1890
1899
1900
1916
1920
1941
1947
1949
1952
1953
1955
1956
1959
1963
1965
1966
1974
1977
1978
1981
1988





Division titles (14)



1974
1977
1978
1981 (first half)
1983
1985
1988
1995
2004
2008
2009
2013
2014
2015
2016





Wild card berths (2)



1996
2006





Minors



AAA: Oklahoma City Dodgers
AA: Tulsa Drillers
A Adv.: Rancho Cucamonga Quakes
A: Great Lakes Loons
Rookie Adv.: Ogden Raptors
Rookie: AZL Dodgers
DSL Dodgers 1
DSL Dodgers 2
Minor League Rosters










Seasons (134)



1880s



1880
1881
1882
1883
1884
1885
1886
1887
1888
1889





1890s



1890
1891
1892
1893
1894
1895
1896
1897
1898
1899





1900s



1900
1901
1902
1903
1904
1905
1906
1907
1908
1909





1910s



1910
1911
1912
1913
1914
1915
1916
1917
1918
1919





1920s



1920
1921
1922
1923
1924
1925
1926
1927
1928
1929





1930s



1930
1931
1932
1933
1934
1935
1936
1937
1938
1939





1940s



1940
1941
1942
1943
1944
1945
1946
1947
1948
1949





1950s



1950
1951
1952
1953
1954
1955
1956
1957
1958
1959





1960s



1960
1961
1962
1963
1964
1965
1966
1967
1968
1969





1970s



1970
1971
1972
1973
1974
1975
1976
1977
1978
1979





1980s



1980
1981
1982
1983
1984
1985
1986
1987
1988
1989





1990s



1990
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999





2000s



2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009





2010s



2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017















v
t
e


Los Angeles Sparks






Founded in 1997
Based in Los Angeles, California





Franchise



Franchise
Current season





Arenas



Great Western Forum
Staples Center





Head coaches



Linda Sharp
Julie Rousseau
Orlando Woolridge
Michael Cooper
Karleen Thompson
Ryan Weisenberg
Henry Bibby
Joe Bryant
Michael Cooper
Jennifer Gillom
Joe Bryant
Carol Ross
Penny Toler
Brian Agler





Administration



Owner: Guggenheim Partners
General Manager: Rhonda Windham
Penny Toler





All-Stars



Tamecka Dixon
Chamique Holdsclaw
Jantel Lavender
Lisa Leslie
Mwadi Mabika
Taj McWilliams-Franklin
DeLisha Milton-Jones
Nneka Ogwumike
Candace Parker
Nikki Teasley
Tina Thompson





Seasons



1997
1998
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016





Playoff appearances



1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2008
2009
2010
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016





Conference Championships



2001
2002
2003
2016





WNBA Championships



2001
2002
2016





Rivals



Detroit Shock
Houston Comets
New York Liberty
Phoenix Mercury
Sacramento Monarchs
San Antonio Stars
Seattle Storm





Media



TV: Time Warner Cable SportsNet (Los Angeles)
Announcers: Jim Watson, Mary Murphy










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Guggenheim_Partners&oldid=788397367"					
Categories: Investment banks in the United StatesInvestment management companies of the United StatesExchange-traded fundsGuggenheim familyLos Angeles Dodgers ownersLos Angeles Sparks ownersInvestment companies based in New York CityCompanies based in ChicagoFinancial services companies established in 1999American companies established in 19991999 establishments in Illinois1999 establishments in New YorkHidden categories: Use mdy dates from May 2012Pages using deprecated image syntaxOfficial website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 04:51.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Guggenheim Partners - Wikipedia





















 






Guggenheim Partners

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Advent/Claymore Global Convertible Securities & Income Fund)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Guggenheim Partners, LLC.





Type

Limited liability company


Industry
Financial services


Founded
1999


Founder
Guggenheim family
Mark Walter
J. Todd Morley
Steven E. Johnson


Headquarters
New York City
Chicago



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Mark Walter CEO
Alan Schwartz
Fares Noujaim
Thomas J. Irvin
Scott Minerd
Peter O. Lawson-Johnston II
Andrew M. Rosenfield
Brian T. Sir


Products
Investment banking
Capital markets
Investment management
Merchant banking
Wealth management
Insurance
Exchange-traded funds
Unit investment trusts


Services
Diversified financial services


AUM
$260 billion


Owner
Private



Number of employees

2,300


Website
guggenheimpartners.com
guggenheiminvestments.com


Guggenheim Partners is a global investment and advisory financial services firm that engages in investment banking, capital markets services, investment management, investment advisory, and insurance services. The firm is headquartered in New York City and Chicago with 2,300 staff located in 20 cities throughout the United States, Europe, and Asia.[1] It has more than $260 billion of assets under management.[2] The firm's CEO is Mark Walter. It has six Managing Partners who are key executives, and with a Senior Leadership Team of 17 other executives, oversee the Firm's businesses. It was founded by Peter Lawson-Johnston II, Solomon R. Guggenheim's great-grandson.[3]



Contents


1 Organization
2 Investments
3 References
4 External links



Organization[edit]
Guggenheim Partners provides services across insurance services, investment banking, capital markets, strategic direction, investment management, merchant banking, and asset management. Guggenheim Investment Advisors oversees about $50 billion in assets.[4][5]
In June 2009, Guggenheim hired former Bear Stearns CEO Alan Schwartz as Executive Chairman to "focus on transforming Guggenheim's existing broker-dealer, which is focused on sales and trading of fixed income securities, into a full-service investment banking enterprise".[6]
In September 2009, Guggenheim hired former Goldman Sachs partner Peter Comisar as Vice Chairman and Head of West Coast Investment Banking.[7] The West Coast Advisory team is also headed by Managing Directors from Bear Stearns, Moelis & Co and Credit Suisse. The West Coast team focuses on Consumer Retail and Digital E-Commerce advisory while the NY office houses the remaining industry verticals and product groups with the except of oil & gas, which is based out of Houston.
In October 2009, Guggenheim hired former J.P. Morgan head of Media Investment Banking Mark Van Lith as Senior Managing Director and Head of Investment Banking.[8]
In March 2012, Guggenheim hired former Apollo Global Management director and vice chairman Henry Silverman as vice chairman of asset management.[9]
In January 2013, Guggenheim named former Yahoo! interim CEO Ross Levinsohn as CEO of private equity unit Guggenheim Digital Media.[10]
In May & June 2013, the firm also hired Goldman Sachs Group Inc.’s co-head of U.S. leveraged finance capital markets Tom Stein, former Barclays head of retail investment banking and vice chairman Andrew Taussig, as well as managing directors Spencer Hart, Matthew Pilla, Ken Harada and Ryan Mash.[11]
In September 2013, Guggenheim Securities was named a financial adviser to Verizon in connection with its $130 billion acquisition of Vodafone's 45% stake in Verizon Wireless.[12]
Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, the investment arm of Guggenheim Partners, was charged by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) with failure to disclose a $50 million loan made in 2010 to a senior executive from a client. The firm paid $20 million in 2015 to settle the charges.[13] The government agency also found that Guggenheim's compliance program did not prevent violations of federal securities laws. According to the SEC, the firm's employees did not report dozens of trips on clients' private airplanes and had overbilled a client $6.5 million in fees, taking nearly two years to reimburse them.[13]
On December 17, 2015, it was reported that in response to losses across Guggenheim Partners, the company would spin out its media properties into a new holding company owned by an investment group led by Guggenheim president Todd Boehly, consisting of Mediabistro, Billboard and The Hollywood Reporter, and Dick Clark Productions.[14][15]
Investments[edit]
In May 2009, Guggenheim Partners acquired a controlling interest in financial services firm Transparent Value LLC.[16] In July 2009, it acquired Claymore Group, a firm known for its Exchange-traded funds "Guggenheim ETFs".  and unit investment trusts "Guggenheim UITs". .[17] In December 2009, Guggenheim acquired a division of Wellmark and renamed it Guggenheim Life & Annuity.[18] In February 2010, Guggenheim Partners acquired Security Benefit Corp, parent company of Rydex Funds.[19] In October 2011, it acquired the life insurance company EquiTrust from FBL Financial Group.[20] In 2012, Guggenheim affiliates acquired the US annuities business of Canadian insurers Industrial Alliance and Sun Life Financial.[21][22]
In March 2012, Guggenheim Baseball Management acquired the Los Angeles Dodgers team for $2.15 billion in cash.[23] The consortium consisted of Guggenheim controlling partner Mark Walter, former Los Angeles Laker Magic Johnson and partners Peter Guber, Stan Kasten, Bobby Patton and Todd Boehly.[24] The acquisition includes the surrounding land and parking lot of Dodger Stadium.[25] Mark Walter said of the acquisition: "It's a lot of money, but if we do our jobs right...the long-term point of view is that people will see that the value was there."[26]
That September, Guggenheim bought a stake in the entertainment production company Dick Clark Productions,[27] which produces specials such as the American Music Awards and the Golden Globe Awards and other television programming.
In January 2013, the company bought out the remainder of the business-to-business media company Prometheus Global Media[28][29] and acquired CardCash in November of the same year.[30] In February 2014, Guggenheim Partners acquired the Los Angeles Sparks of the WNBA.[31]
References[edit]

Notes



^ "Guggenheim Partners – About Us". 
^ "Guggenheim Partners – Home". 
^ "Speaker's Biography: Peter Lawson-Johnston II". Milken Institute. 2005. Retrieved May 1, 2012. 
^ "Guggenheim ‘Excited’ About Private Equity, Likes Macro Funds". Bloomberg. October 8, 2009. Retrieved October 13, 2009. 
^ "Guggenheim Partners provides strategic direction". Guggenheimpartners. Retrieved 25 February 2017. 
^ "Alan Schwartz Joins Guggenheim Partners as Executive Chairman". Reuters. June 2, 2009. Retrieved October 13, 2009. 
^ "Peter Comisar Joins Guggenheim Securities as Vice Chairman and Head of West Coast Investment Banking". prnewswire.com. September 10, 2009. Retrieved October 13, 2009. 
^ "Mark Van Lith Joins Guggenheim Securities' Investment Banking Group". Reuters. October 7, 2009. Retrieved October 13, 2009. 
^ Lattman, Peter (March 8, 2012). "Henry Silverman Joins Guggenheim Partners". The New York Times. 
^ Nicholas Carlson (January 15, 2013). "Ex-Yahoo Interim CEO Ross Levinsohn Is Now CEO Of Guggenheim Digital Media". Business Insider. 
^ "Guggenheim lands Barclays retail team as flight to boutiques continues". Reuters. May 8, 2013. 
^ "Verizon Buoys Guggenheim With Taubman on Awarding M&A Roles". Bloomberg. 
^ a b Stevenson, Alexandra (August 10, 2015). "Guggenheim Partners Pays $20 Million to Settle S.E.C. Charges". The New York Times. 
^ "Guggenheim Prepares To Sell Hollywood Reporter, Dick Clark Productions To Exec". Deadline.com. Retrieved 18 December 2015. 
^ "Guggenheim Media Spins Off Money-Losing Hollywood Reporter, Billboard to Company President Todd Boehly (Exclusive)". The Wrap. Retrieved 18 December 2015. 
^ "About Us". Transparent Value. Retrieved May 1, 2012. 
^ "Guggenheim Partners to Acquire Claymore Group". Reuters. July 31, 2009. 
^ "Guggenheim Capital unit acquires Wellmark Community Insurance". Retrieved 2015-01-05. 
^ John Spence (February 16, 2010). "Guggenheim buys Rydex parent". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved May 1, 2012. 
^ Jennifer Booton. "FBL Financial Sells EquiTrust Life Insurance Co. for $440M". Fox Business. 
^ "Guggenheim Becoming Major Annuity Player". Retrieved 2015-01-05. 
^ "Guggenheim affiliate buys Sun Life annuity business for $1.35B". Retrieved 2015-01-05. 
^ Bill Shaikin and David Wharton (March 27, 2012). "Magic Johnson-led group is picked as Dodgers' next owner". The Los Angeles Times. Retrieved May 1, 2012. 
^ Matthew Futterman (March 29, 2012). "$2 Billion Dodgers Price Tag Shatters Records". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved May 1, 2012. 
^ "Magic Johnson group buys Dodgers for $2 billion". The Wall Street Journal. March 28, 2012. Retrieved May 1, 2012. 
^ "New LA Dodgers owners explore ways to boost value". Orlando Sentinel. May 2, 2012. Retrieved May 3, 2012. 
^ Nellie Andreeva. "Guggenheim Partners-Led Group Reaches Agreement To Buy Dick Clark Prods.". Deadline. 
^ "Prometheus bound". New York Post. Retrieved 29 May 2014. 
^ "Guggenheim Digital Media Buys Remaining Stake in Backstage, Sonic Bids". Adweek. Retrieved 29 May 2014. 
^ "Investments 9 Investments in 7 Companies". CrunchBase. Retrieved 2015-02-14. 
^ Rohlin, Melissa (February 4, 2014). "Sparks bought by investment group led by Magic Johnson and Mark Walter". Los Angeles Times. 


External links[edit]

Official website
Guggenheim Investments website








v
t
e


Principal owners of the Los Angeles Dodgers franchise



Brooklyn Atlantics/Grays/Bridegrooms/Grooms/
Superbas/Robins/Dodgers (1883–1957)



Abell & Byrne
Abell, Byrne & Chauncey
Abell & C. Ebbets
Abell, C. Ebbets, Hanlon & Von der Horst
Abell, C. Ebbets, Hanlon & Medicus
C. Ebbets & Medicus
C. Ebbets, E. McKeever & S. McKeever
Brooklyn Trust Company, G. Ebbets, Gilleaudeau & Stephen McKeever
Brooklyn Trust Company, G. Ebbets, Gilleaudeau, J. Mulvey & D. Mulvey
J. Mulvey & D. Mulvey, W. O'Malley, Rickey & Smith
W. O'Malley





Los Angeles Dodgers (1958–present)



W. O'Malley
P. O'Malley
Fox Entertainment Group
McCourt
Guggenheim Baseball Management (Walter, Johnson, Guber, Kasten, Patton and Boehly)












v
t
e


Major League Baseball owners by team



American League




East



Peter Angelos (Baltimore Orioles)
John W. Henry (Boston Red Sox)
Hal Steinbrenner (New York Yankees)
Stuart Sternberg (Tampa Bay Rays)
Rogers Communications (Toronto Blue Jays)





Central



Jerry Reinsdorf (Chicago White Sox)
Larry Dolan (Cleveland Indians)
Christopher Ilitch (Detroit Tigers)
David Glass (Kansas City Royals)
Jim Pohlad (Minnesota Twins)





West



Jim Crane (Houston Astros)
Arte Moreno (Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim)
John J. Fisher (Oakland Athletics)
John W. Stanton (Seattle Mariners)
Ray Davis and Bob R. Simpson (Texas Rangers)








National League




East



Liberty Media (Atlanta Braves)
Jeffrey Loria (Miami Marlins)
Fred Wilpon (New York Mets)
John S. Middleton (Philadelphia Phillies)
Ted Lerner (Washington Nationals)





Central



Thomas S. Ricketts (Chicago Cubs)
Bob Castellini (Cincinnati Reds)
Mark Attanasio (Milwaukee Brewers)
Robert Nutting (Pittsburgh Pirates)
William DeWitt, Jr. (St. Louis Cardinals)





West



Ken Kendrick (Arizona Diamondbacks)
Monfort brothers (Colorado Rockies)
Guggenheim Baseball Management (Los Angeles Dodgers)
Ron Fowler (San Diego Padres)
Larry Baer (San Francisco Giants)















v
t
e


Los Angeles Dodgers




Formerly the Brooklyn Robins and the Brooklyn Dodgers. Based in Los Angeles



Franchise



History in Brooklyn
History in Los Angeles
Seasons
Award winners
Records
No-hitters
Players
First-round draft picks
Managers
Owners and executives
Coaches
Broadcasters
Los Angeles Dodgers Radio Network
SportsNet LA
Hall of Famers
Opening Day starting pitchers





Ballparks



Washington Park
Eastern Park
Ridgewood Park
Washington Park
Ebbets Field
Roosevelt Stadium
Proposed domed stadium
Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum
Dodger Stadium
Spring training: Whittington Park
Majestic Park
Barrs Field
Tinker Field
Clearwater Athletic Field
City Island Ball Park
Gran Stadium de La Habana
Holman Stadium
Camelback Ranch





Culture and lore



Dodger Dog
Chronicle-Telegraph Cup
This is Next Year
The First
Fernandomania
Kirk Gibson Walk-Off Home Run
Sandy Koufax's Perfect Game
Flag Burning
Chavez Ravine
Dodger Blue
I Love L.A.
Roy Campanella Award
Historic Dodgertown
1946 NL tie-breaker series
1951 NL tie-breaker series

"Shot Heard 'Round the World"


1959 NL tie-breaker series
1962 NL tie-breaker series
1980 NL West tie-breaker game
Orel Hershiser's scoreless innings streak
Vin Scully
Tommy Lasorda
Nancy Bea
Hilda Chester
2011 bankruptcy
42





Rivalries



San Francisco Giants
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim
Subway Series/New York Yankees





Hall of Fame
members



Walter Alston
Roy Campanella
Don Drysdale
Leo Durocher
Burleigh Grimes
Willie Keeler
Sandy Koufax
Vin Scully
Tommy Lasorda
Walter O'Malley
Pee Wee Reese
Branch Rickey
Jackie Robinson
Wilbert Robinson
Duke Snider
Don Sutton
Dazzy Vance
Zack Wheat





Key personnel



Owner: Guggenheim Baseball Management
President: Stan Kasten
President of Baseball Operations: Andrew Friedman
General Manager: Farhan Zaidi
Manager: Dave Roberts





World Series
Championships (6)



1955
1959
1963
1965
1981
1988





League pennants
(22)



American Association: 1889
National League: 1890
1899
1900
1916
1920
1941
1947
1949
1952
1953
1955
1956
1959
1963
1965
1966
1974
1977
1978
1981
1988





Division titles (14)



1974
1977
1978
1981 (first half)
1983
1985
1988
1995
2004
2008
2009
2013
2014
2015
2016





Wild card berths (2)



1996
2006





Minors



AAA: Oklahoma City Dodgers
AA: Tulsa Drillers
A Adv.: Rancho Cucamonga Quakes
A: Great Lakes Loons
Rookie Adv.: Ogden Raptors
Rookie: AZL Dodgers
DSL Dodgers 1
DSL Dodgers 2
Minor League Rosters










Seasons (134)



1880s



1880
1881
1882
1883
1884
1885
1886
1887
1888
1889





1890s



1890
1891
1892
1893
1894
1895
1896
1897
1898
1899





1900s



1900
1901
1902
1903
1904
1905
1906
1907
1908
1909





1910s



1910
1911
1912
1913
1914
1915
1916
1917
1918
1919





1920s



1920
1921
1922
1923
1924
1925
1926
1927
1928
1929





1930s



1930
1931
1932
1933
1934
1935
1936
1937
1938
1939





1940s



1940
1941
1942
1943
1944
1945
1946
1947
1948
1949





1950s



1950
1951
1952
1953
1954
1955
1956
1957
1958
1959





1960s



1960
1961
1962
1963
1964
1965
1966
1967
1968
1969





1970s



1970
1971
1972
1973
1974
1975
1976
1977
1978
1979





1980s



1980
1981
1982
1983
1984
1985
1986
1987
1988
1989





1990s



1990
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999





2000s



2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009





2010s



2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017















v
t
e


Los Angeles Sparks






Founded in 1997
Based in Los Angeles, California





Franchise



Franchise
Current season





Arenas



Great Western Forum
Staples Center





Head coaches



Linda Sharp
Julie Rousseau
Orlando Woolridge
Michael Cooper
Karleen Thompson
Ryan Weisenberg
Henry Bibby
Joe Bryant
Michael Cooper
Jennifer Gillom
Joe Bryant
Carol Ross
Penny Toler
Brian Agler





Administration



Owner: Guggenheim Partners
General Manager: Rhonda Windham
Penny Toler





All-Stars



Tamecka Dixon
Chamique Holdsclaw
Jantel Lavender
Lisa Leslie
Mwadi Mabika
Taj McWilliams-Franklin
DeLisha Milton-Jones
Nneka Ogwumike
Candace Parker
Nikki Teasley
Tina Thompson





Seasons



1997
1998
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016





Playoff appearances



1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2008
2009
2010
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016





Conference Championships



2001
2002
2003
2016





WNBA Championships



2001
2002
2016





Rivals



Detroit Shock
Houston Comets
New York Liberty
Phoenix Mercury
Sacramento Monarchs
San Antonio Stars
Seattle Storm





Media



TV: Time Warner Cable SportsNet (Los Angeles)
Announcers: Jim Watson, Mary Murphy










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Guggenheim_Partners&oldid=788397367"					
Categories: Investment banks in the United StatesInvestment management companies of the United StatesExchange-traded fundsGuggenheim familyLos Angeles Dodgers ownersLos Angeles Sparks ownersInvestment companies based in New York CityCompanies based in ChicagoFinancial services companies established in 1999American companies established in 19991999 establishments in Illinois1999 establishments in New YorkHidden categories: Use mdy dates from May 2012Pages using deprecated image syntaxOfficial website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 04:51.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Guggenheim Partners - Wikipedia





















 






Guggenheim Partners

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Advent/Claymore Global Convertible Securities & Income Fund)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Guggenheim Partners, LLC.





Type

Limited liability company


Industry
Financial services


Founded
1999


Founder
Guggenheim family
Mark Walter
J. Todd Morley
Steven E. Johnson


Headquarters
New York City
Chicago



Area served

Worldwide



Key people

Mark Walter CEO
Alan Schwartz
Fares Noujaim
Thomas J. Irvin
Scott Minerd
Peter O. Lawson-Johnston II
Andrew M. Rosenfield
Brian T. Sir


Products
Investment banking
Capital markets
Investment management
Merchant banking
Wealth management
Insurance
Exchange-traded funds
Unit investment trusts


Services
Diversified financial services


AUM
$260 billion


Owner
Private



Number of employees

2,300


Website
guggenheimpartners.com
guggenheiminvestments.com


Guggenheim Partners is a global investment and advisory financial services firm that engages in investment banking, capital markets services, investment management, investment advisory, and insurance services. The firm is headquartered in New York City and Chicago with 2,300 staff located in 20 cities throughout the United States, Europe, and Asia.[1] It has more than $260 billion of assets under management.[2] The firm's CEO is Mark Walter. It has six Managing Partners who are key executives, and with a Senior Leadership Team of 17 other executives, oversee the Firm's businesses. It was founded by Peter Lawson-Johnston II, Solomon R. Guggenheim's great-grandson.[3]



Contents


1 Organization
2 Investments
3 References
4 External links



Organization[edit]
Guggenheim Partners provides services across insurance services, investment banking, capital markets, strategic direction, investment management, merchant banking, and asset management. Guggenheim Investment Advisors oversees about $50 billion in assets.[4][5]
In June 2009, Guggenheim hired former Bear Stearns CEO Alan Schwartz as Executive Chairman to "focus on transforming Guggenheim's existing broker-dealer, which is focused on sales and trading of fixed income securities, into a full-service investment banking enterprise".[6]
In September 2009, Guggenheim hired former Goldman Sachs partner Peter Comisar as Vice Chairman and Head of West Coast Investment Banking.[7] The West Coast Advisory team is also headed by Managing Directors from Bear Stearns, Moelis & Co and Credit Suisse. The West Coast team focuses on Consumer Retail and Digital E-Commerce advisory while the NY office houses the remaining industry verticals and product groups with the except of oil & gas, which is based out of Houston.
In October 2009, Guggenheim hired former J.P. Morgan head of Media Investment Banking Mark Van Lith as Senior Managing Director and Head of Investment Banking.[8]
In March 2012, Guggenheim hired former Apollo Global Management director and vice chairman Henry Silverman as vice chairman of asset management.[9]
In January 2013, Guggenheim named former Yahoo! interim CEO Ross Levinsohn as CEO of private equity unit Guggenheim Digital Media.[10]
In May & June 2013, the firm also hired Goldman Sachs Group Inc.’s co-head of U.S. leveraged finance capital markets Tom Stein, former Barclays head of retail investment banking and vice chairman Andrew Taussig, as well as managing directors Spencer Hart, Matthew Pilla, Ken Harada and Ryan Mash.[11]
In September 2013, Guggenheim Securities was named a financial adviser to Verizon in connection with its $130 billion acquisition of Vodafone's 45% stake in Verizon Wireless.[12]
Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, the investment arm of Guggenheim Partners, was charged by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) with failure to disclose a $50 million loan made in 2010 to a senior executive from a client. The firm paid $20 million in 2015 to settle the charges.[13] The government agency also found that Guggenheim's compliance program did not prevent violations of federal securities laws. According to the SEC, the firm's employees did not report dozens of trips on clients' private airplanes and had overbilled a client $6.5 million in fees, taking nearly two years to reimburse them.[13]
On December 17, 2015, it was reported that in response to losses across Guggenheim Partners, the company would spin out its media properties into a new holding company owned by an investment group led by Guggenheim president Todd Boehly, consisting of Mediabistro, Billboard and The Hollywood Reporter, and Dick Clark Productions.[14][15]
Investments[edit]
In May 2009, Guggenheim Partners acquired a controlling interest in financial services firm Transparent Value LLC.[16] In July 2009, it acquired Claymore Group, a firm known for its Exchange-traded funds "Guggenheim ETFs".  and unit investment trusts "Guggenheim UITs". .[17] In December 2009, Guggenheim acquired a division of Wellmark and renamed it Guggenheim Life & Annuity.[18] In February 2010, Guggenheim Partners acquired Security Benefit Corp, parent company of Rydex Funds.[19] In October 2011, it acquired the life insurance company EquiTrust from FBL Financial Group.[20] In 2012, Guggenheim affiliates acquired the US annuities business of Canadian insurers Industrial Alliance and Sun Life Financial.[21][22]
In March 2012, Guggenheim Baseball Management acquired the Los Angeles Dodgers team for $2.15 billion in cash.[23] The consortium consisted of Guggenheim controlling partner Mark Walter, former Los Angeles Laker Magic Johnson and partners Peter Guber, Stan Kasten, Bobby Patton and Todd Boehly.[24] The acquisition includes the surrounding land and parking lot of Dodger Stadium.[25] Mark Walter said of the acquisition: "It's a lot of money, but if we do our jobs right...the long-term point of view is that people will see that the value was there."[26]
That September, Guggenheim bought a stake in the entertainment production company Dick Clark Productions,[27] which produces specials such as the American Music Awards and the Golden Globe Awards and other television programming.
In January 2013, the company bought out the remainder of the business-to-business media company Prometheus Global Media[28][29] and acquired CardCash in November of the same year.[30] In February 2014, Guggenheim Partners acquired the Los Angeles Sparks of the WNBA.[31]
References[edit]

Notes



^ "Guggenheim Partners – About Us". 
^ "Guggenheim Partners – Home". 
^ "Speaker's Biography: Peter Lawson-Johnston II". Milken Institute. 2005. Retrieved May 1, 2012. 
^ "Guggenheim ‘Excited’ About Private Equity, Likes Macro Funds". Bloomberg. October 8, 2009. Retrieved October 13, 2009. 
^ "Guggenheim Partners provides strategic direction". Guggenheimpartners. Retrieved 25 February 2017. 
^ "Alan Schwartz Joins Guggenheim Partners as Executive Chairman". Reuters. June 2, 2009. Retrieved October 13, 2009. 
^ "Peter Comisar Joins Guggenheim Securities as Vice Chairman and Head of West Coast Investment Banking". prnewswire.com. September 10, 2009. Retrieved October 13, 2009. 
^ "Mark Van Lith Joins Guggenheim Securities' Investment Banking Group". Reuters. October 7, 2009. Retrieved October 13, 2009. 
^ Lattman, Peter (March 8, 2012). "Henry Silverman Joins Guggenheim Partners". The New York Times. 
^ Nicholas Carlson (January 15, 2013). "Ex-Yahoo Interim CEO Ross Levinsohn Is Now CEO Of Guggenheim Digital Media". Business Insider. 
^ "Guggenheim lands Barclays retail team as flight to boutiques continues". Reuters. May 8, 2013. 
^ "Verizon Buoys Guggenheim With Taubman on Awarding M&A Roles". Bloomberg. 
^ a b Stevenson, Alexandra (August 10, 2015). "Guggenheim Partners Pays $20 Million to Settle S.E.C. Charges". The New York Times. 
^ "Guggenheim Prepares To Sell Hollywood Reporter, Dick Clark Productions To Exec". Deadline.com. Retrieved 18 December 2015. 
^ "Guggenheim Media Spins Off Money-Losing Hollywood Reporter, Billboard to Company President Todd Boehly (Exclusive)". The Wrap. Retrieved 18 December 2015. 
^ "About Us". Transparent Value. Retrieved May 1, 2012. 
^ "Guggenheim Partners to Acquire Claymore Group". Reuters. July 31, 2009. 
^ "Guggenheim Capital unit acquires Wellmark Community Insurance". Retrieved 2015-01-05. 
^ John Spence (February 16, 2010). "Guggenheim buys Rydex parent". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved May 1, 2012. 
^ Jennifer Booton. "FBL Financial Sells EquiTrust Life Insurance Co. for $440M". Fox Business. 
^ "Guggenheim Becoming Major Annuity Player". Retrieved 2015-01-05. 
^ "Guggenheim affiliate buys Sun Life annuity business for $1.35B". Retrieved 2015-01-05. 
^ Bill Shaikin and David Wharton (March 27, 2012). "Magic Johnson-led group is picked as Dodgers' next owner". The Los Angeles Times. Retrieved May 1, 2012. 
^ Matthew Futterman (March 29, 2012). "$2 Billion Dodgers Price Tag Shatters Records". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved May 1, 2012. 
^ "Magic Johnson group buys Dodgers for $2 billion". The Wall Street Journal. March 28, 2012. Retrieved May 1, 2012. 
^ "New LA Dodgers owners explore ways to boost value". Orlando Sentinel. May 2, 2012. Retrieved May 3, 2012. 
^ Nellie Andreeva. "Guggenheim Partners-Led Group Reaches Agreement To Buy Dick Clark Prods.". Deadline. 
^ "Prometheus bound". New York Post. Retrieved 29 May 2014. 
^ "Guggenheim Digital Media Buys Remaining Stake in Backstage, Sonic Bids". Adweek. Retrieved 29 May 2014. 
^ "Investments 9 Investments in 7 Companies". CrunchBase. Retrieved 2015-02-14. 
^ Rohlin, Melissa (February 4, 2014). "Sparks bought by investment group led by Magic Johnson and Mark Walter". Los Angeles Times. 


External links[edit]

Official website
Guggenheim Investments website








v
t
e


Principal owners of the Los Angeles Dodgers franchise



Brooklyn Atlantics/Grays/Bridegrooms/Grooms/
Superbas/Robins/Dodgers (1883–1957)



Abell & Byrne
Abell, Byrne & Chauncey
Abell & C. Ebbets
Abell, C. Ebbets, Hanlon & Von der Horst
Abell, C. Ebbets, Hanlon & Medicus
C. Ebbets & Medicus
C. Ebbets, E. McKeever & S. McKeever
Brooklyn Trust Company, G. Ebbets, Gilleaudeau & Stephen McKeever
Brooklyn Trust Company, G. Ebbets, Gilleaudeau, J. Mulvey & D. Mulvey
J. Mulvey & D. Mulvey, W. O'Malley, Rickey & Smith
W. O'Malley





Los Angeles Dodgers (1958–present)



W. O'Malley
P. O'Malley
Fox Entertainment Group
McCourt
Guggenheim Baseball Management (Walter, Johnson, Guber, Kasten, Patton and Boehly)












v
t
e


Major League Baseball owners by team



American League




East



Peter Angelos (Baltimore Orioles)
John W. Henry (Boston Red Sox)
Hal Steinbrenner (New York Yankees)
Stuart Sternberg (Tampa Bay Rays)
Rogers Communications (Toronto Blue Jays)





Central



Jerry Reinsdorf (Chicago White Sox)
Larry Dolan (Cleveland Indians)
Christopher Ilitch (Detroit Tigers)
David Glass (Kansas City Royals)
Jim Pohlad (Minnesota Twins)





West



Jim Crane (Houston Astros)
Arte Moreno (Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim)
John J. Fisher (Oakland Athletics)
John W. Stanton (Seattle Mariners)
Ray Davis and Bob R. Simpson (Texas Rangers)








National League




East



Liberty Media (Atlanta Braves)
Jeffrey Loria (Miami Marlins)
Fred Wilpon (New York Mets)
John S. Middleton (Philadelphia Phillies)
Ted Lerner (Washington Nationals)





Central



Thomas S. Ricketts (Chicago Cubs)
Bob Castellini (Cincinnati Reds)
Mark Attanasio (Milwaukee Brewers)
Robert Nutting (Pittsburgh Pirates)
William DeWitt, Jr. (St. Louis Cardinals)





West



Ken Kendrick (Arizona Diamondbacks)
Monfort brothers (Colorado Rockies)
Guggenheim Baseball Management (Los Angeles Dodgers)
Ron Fowler (San Diego Padres)
Larry Baer (San Francisco Giants)















v
t
e


Los Angeles Dodgers




Formerly the Brooklyn Robins and the Brooklyn Dodgers. Based in Los Angeles



Franchise



History in Brooklyn
History in Los Angeles
Seasons
Award winners
Records
No-hitters
Players
First-round draft picks
Managers
Owners and executives
Coaches
Broadcasters
Los Angeles Dodgers Radio Network
SportsNet LA
Hall of Famers
Opening Day starting pitchers





Ballparks



Washington Park
Eastern Park
Ridgewood Park
Washington Park
Ebbets Field
Roosevelt Stadium
Proposed domed stadium
Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum
Dodger Stadium
Spring training: Whittington Park
Majestic Park
Barrs Field
Tinker Field
Clearwater Athletic Field
City Island Ball Park
Gran Stadium de La Habana
Holman Stadium
Camelback Ranch





Culture and lore



Dodger Dog
Chronicle-Telegraph Cup
This is Next Year
The First
Fernandomania
Kirk Gibson Walk-Off Home Run
Sandy Koufax's Perfect Game
Flag Burning
Chavez Ravine
Dodger Blue
I Love L.A.
Roy Campanella Award
Historic Dodgertown
1946 NL tie-breaker series
1951 NL tie-breaker series

"Shot Heard 'Round the World"


1959 NL tie-breaker series
1962 NL tie-breaker series
1980 NL West tie-breaker game
Orel Hershiser's scoreless innings streak
Vin Scully
Tommy Lasorda
Nancy Bea
Hilda Chester
2011 bankruptcy
42





Rivalries



San Francisco Giants
Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim
Subway Series/New York Yankees





Hall of Fame
members



Walter Alston
Roy Campanella
Don Drysdale
Leo Durocher
Burleigh Grimes
Willie Keeler
Sandy Koufax
Vin Scully
Tommy Lasorda
Walter O'Malley
Pee Wee Reese
Branch Rickey
Jackie Robinson
Wilbert Robinson
Duke Snider
Don Sutton
Dazzy Vance
Zack Wheat





Key personnel



Owner: Guggenheim Baseball Management
President: Stan Kasten
President of Baseball Operations: Andrew Friedman
General Manager: Farhan Zaidi
Manager: Dave Roberts





World Series
Championships (6)



1955
1959
1963
1965
1981
1988





League pennants
(22)



American Association: 1889
National League: 1890
1899
1900
1916
1920
1941
1947
1949
1952
1953
1955
1956
1959
1963
1965
1966
1974
1977
1978
1981
1988





Division titles (14)



1974
1977
1978
1981 (first half)
1983
1985
1988
1995
2004
2008
2009
2013
2014
2015
2016





Wild card berths (2)



1996
2006





Minors



AAA: Oklahoma City Dodgers
AA: Tulsa Drillers
A Adv.: Rancho Cucamonga Quakes
A: Great Lakes Loons
Rookie Adv.: Ogden Raptors
Rookie: AZL Dodgers
DSL Dodgers 1
DSL Dodgers 2
Minor League Rosters










Seasons (134)



1880s



1880
1881
1882
1883
1884
1885
1886
1887
1888
1889





1890s



1890
1891
1892
1893
1894
1895
1896
1897
1898
1899





1900s



1900
1901
1902
1903
1904
1905
1906
1907
1908
1909





1910s



1910
1911
1912
1913
1914
1915
1916
1917
1918
1919





1920s



1920
1921
1922
1923
1924
1925
1926
1927
1928
1929





1930s



1930
1931
1932
1933
1934
1935
1936
1937
1938
1939





1940s



1940
1941
1942
1943
1944
1945
1946
1947
1948
1949





1950s



1950
1951
1952
1953
1954
1955
1956
1957
1958
1959





1960s



1960
1961
1962
1963
1964
1965
1966
1967
1968
1969





1970s



1970
1971
1972
1973
1974
1975
1976
1977
1978
1979





1980s



1980
1981
1982
1983
1984
1985
1986
1987
1988
1989





1990s



1990
1991
1992
1993
1994
1995
1996
1997
1998
1999





2000s



2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009





2010s



2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017















v
t
e


Los Angeles Sparks






Founded in 1997
Based in Los Angeles, California





Franchise



Franchise
Current season





Arenas



Great Western Forum
Staples Center





Head coaches



Linda Sharp
Julie Rousseau
Orlando Woolridge
Michael Cooper
Karleen Thompson
Ryan Weisenberg
Henry Bibby
Joe Bryant
Michael Cooper
Jennifer Gillom
Joe Bryant
Carol Ross
Penny Toler
Brian Agler





Administration



Owner: Guggenheim Partners
General Manager: Rhonda Windham
Penny Toler





All-Stars



Tamecka Dixon
Chamique Holdsclaw
Jantel Lavender
Lisa Leslie
Mwadi Mabika
Taj McWilliams-Franklin
DeLisha Milton-Jones
Nneka Ogwumike
Candace Parker
Nikki Teasley
Tina Thompson





Seasons



1997
1998
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016





Playoff appearances



1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2008
2009
2010
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016





Conference Championships



2001
2002
2003
2016





WNBA Championships



2001
2002
2016





Rivals



Detroit Shock
Houston Comets
New York Liberty
Phoenix Mercury
Sacramento Monarchs
San Antonio Stars
Seattle Storm





Media



TV: Time Warner Cable SportsNet (Los Angeles)
Announcers: Jim Watson, Mary Murphy










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Guggenheim_Partners&oldid=788397367"					
Categories: Investment banks in the United StatesInvestment management companies of the United StatesExchange-traded fundsGuggenheim familyLos Angeles Dodgers ownersLos Angeles Sparks ownersInvestment companies based in New York CityCompanies based in ChicagoFinancial services companies established in 1999American companies established in 19991999 establishments in Illinois1999 establishments in New YorkHidden categories: Use mdy dates from May 2012Pages using deprecated image syntaxOfficial website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages



Add links 





 This page was last edited on 1 July 2017, at 04:51.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









 Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II (AGC) Portfolio Summary 


































 












Welcome!















Company News
Company Site
Premium
Log In


 



















Membership
Home
Portfolio
Stocks
Bonds
Funds
ETFs
CEF
Markets
Tools
Real Life Finance
Discuss





Investing Ideas


Fund Analyst Picks
Picks by Category
Fund Pick Performance
Picks & Pans E-Newsletter
Fund Spy Column
Fund Spy Book
Bond Squad
Fund Video Reports
FundInvestor Newsletter
ETF Investing
Fund Family Experts



Fund Reports


All Fund Analyst Reports
Fund Stewardship Reports



Fund Ratings


Highest-Rated Value
Highest-Rated Growth
Highest-Rated Large-Cap
Highest-Rated Mid-Cap
Highest-Rated Small-Cap
Foreign Fund Standouts
Star Rating Performance
Rating Methodology



Fund Performance


Top 1-Month Performers
Top YTD Performers
Top 1-Year Performers
Top 3-Year Performers
Top 5-Year Performers
Fund Category Returns
Biggest Daily NAV Changes
Closed-End Funds
Exchange-Traded Funds
Quarterly Market Outlook



Fund Screeners


Basic Screeners
Fund Screener
Long-Term Winners
Solid Small-Growth Funds
Conservative Bond Funds

Premium Screeners
Premium Fund Screener
Index Funds
Hidden Gems
Lower-Risk Foreign Funds


Video Center
 
 

 








Advent Claymore Convertible Securities & Income Fund II
 AGC


Add to PortfolioGet E-mail AlertsPrint This PageData QuestionQuoteChartCEF AnalysisDistributionPerformanceRatings & RiskPortfolioManagement & FeesOwnershipFilingsSummaryHoldingsPremium Details









Benchmark
Morningstar Category






BofAML Convertible Bonds All Qualities





BofAML Convertible Bonds All Qualities



MPT Benchmark


Morningstar Mod Tgt Risk TR USD





Primary Prospectus Benchmark


N/A





Secondary Prospectus Benchmark


N/A





Analyst Assigned Benchmark


BofAML Convertible Bonds All Qualities







Create Custom Benchmark



Apply









Convertibles


Convertibles


Allocation--15% to 30% Equity


Allocation--30% to 50% Equity


Allocation--50% to 70% Equity


Allocation--70% to 85% Equity


Allocation--85%+ Equity


Bank Loan


Bear Market


China Region


Commodities Agriculture


Commodities Broad Basket


Commodities Energy


Commodities Industrial Metals


Commodities Precious Metals


Communications


Consumer Cyclical


Consumer Defensive


Convertibles


Corporate Bond


Diversified Emerging Mkts


Diversified Pacific/Asia


Emerging Markets Bond


Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond


Energy Limited Partnership


Equity Energy


Equity Precious Metals


Europe Stock


Financial


Foreign Large Blend


Foreign Large Growth


Foreign Large Value


Foreign Small/Mid Blend


Foreign Small/Mid Growth


Foreign Small/Mid Value


Global Real Estate


Health


High Yield Bond


High Yield Muni


India Equity


Industrials


Inflation-Protected Bond


Infrastructure


Intermediate Government


Intermediate-Term Bond


Japan Stock


Large Blend


Large Growth


Large Value


Latin America Stock


Leveraged Net Long


Long Government


Long-Short Credit


Long-Short Equity


Long-Term Bond


Managed Futures


Market Neutral


Mid-Cap Blend


Mid-Cap Growth


Mid-Cap Value


Miscellaneous Region


Miscellaneous Sector


Multialternative


Multicurrency


Multisector Bond


Muni California Intermediate


Muni California Long


Muni Florida


Muni Massachusetts


Muni Minnesota


Muni National Interm


Muni National Long


Muni National Short


Muni New Jersey


Muni New York Intermediate


Muni New York Long


Muni Ohio


Muni Pennsylvania


Muni Single State Interm


Muni Single State Long


Muni Single State Short


Natural Resources


Nontraditional Bond


Option Writing


Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stk


Preferred Stock


Prime Money Market


Real Estate


Short Government


Short-Term Bond


Single Currency


Small Blend


Small Growth


Small Value


Stable Value


Static Allocation--15% to 30% Equity


Static Allocation--30% to 50% Equity


Static Allocation--50% to 70% Equity


Static Allocation--70% to 85% Equity


Static Allocation--85%+ Equity


Static Intermediate Bond


Static Large Blend


Static Large Growth


Static Large Value


Static Mid-Cap Equity


Static Money Market


Static Non US Equity


Static Short-Term Bond


Static Small-Cap Equity


Static US Government


Tactical Allocation


Target-Date 2000-2010


Target-Date 2015


Target-Date 2020


Target-Date 2025


Target-Date 2030


Target-Date 2035


Target-Date 2040


Target-Date 2045


Target-Date 2050


Target-Date 2055


Target-Date 2060+


Target-Date Retirement


Technology


Trading--Inverse Commodities


Trading--Inverse Debt


Trading--Inverse Equity


Trading--Leveraged Commodities


Trading--Leveraged Debt


Trading--Leveraged Equity


Trading--Miscellaneous


Ultrashort Bond


Utilities


Volatility


World Allocation


World Bond


World Large Stock


World Small/Mid Stock





























Asset Allocation AGC





 










 
Type
% Long
% Short
% Net
Bench-mark

                    		Cat Avg
                    		




As of 04/30/2017








Cash
6.41
—
6.41
—
2.50






US Stock
7.58
—
7.58
—
5.76






Non US Stock
2.88
—
2.88
—
0.16






Bond
41.84
—
41.84
—
13.59






Other
41.29
—
41.29
—
77.99








 
 


 















Style Details AGC



Equity Style


Bond Style







              Market Capitalization 
           






 Size
% of Portfolio
Benchmark
Category Avg







Giant
27.20
—
—





Large
58.07
—
—





Medium
14.72
—
—





Small
0.00
—
—





Micro
0.00
—
—







Size of Holdings








Fund
Benchmark
Category Avg









                      Average Market Cap (mil)
                      


                      47,695.89
                  

                      —
                  

                      —
                  







                      Total Equity Portfolio Market Value (mil)

                     	36.39
                  

                  		—
                  

                  		—
                  








            Value & Growth Measures
          







Stock Portfolio
Benchmark
Category Avg




As of 04/30/2017*Forward-looking based on historical dataStyle and Market Cap Breakdown and Value and Growth Measures are calculated only using the long position holdings of the portfolio.







Price/Prospective Earnings*
13.18
—
17.21





Price/Book*
2.55
—
2.36





Price/Sales*
0.92
—
1.86





Price/Cash Flow*
6.75
—
7.67





Long-Term Earnings %
8.20
—
9.91





Historical Earnings %
4.50
—
13.40





Sales Growth %
1.20
—
1.55





Cash-Flow Growth %
11.45
—
8.62





Book-Value Growth %
5.37
—
5.75







 


Ownership Zone




 

Weighted Average of holdings75% of fund's stock holdings


 

Holdings Style





Portfolio Weight%

> 50%
25–50%
10–25%
0–10%




                            Investment Style History
                        







Year
Style
% Equity




*As of 04/30/2017Style Box Detail calculations do not include the fund's short positions (if any).







2017*

10.46



2016

8.48



2015

6.34



2014

9.23



2013

8.33









Fixed-Income Style





 


Fixed-Income Style History







Year
Style
% Bonds




As of 04/30/2017







2017
—
42



2016
—
48



2015
—
36



2014
—
47



2013
—
41





 


Bond Statistics






Detail
Value




As of date not available








                        		Weighted Average Credit Rating
                        		


	                        	BB





Average Weighted Coupon
                        		

5





Average Weighted Price
                        	

157








Credit Quality











Type
% Bonds
Benchmark
Category Avg

Bond Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight









AAA
0
—
—










AA
0
—
—






A
2
—
—








BBB
11
—
—








BB
31
—
—








B
18
—
—








Below B
4
—
—








Not Rated
33
—
—








As of 04/30/2017Credit Quality is calculated only using the long position holdings of the portfolio.












Sector Weightings AGC



Equity Sector


Bond Sector



















% Stocks
Benchmark
Category Avg
 
Fund Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight










Cyclical
















Basic Materials
4.23
—
0.65








Consumer Cyclical
15.96
—
4.86








Financial Services
0.00
—
3.47









Real Estate
3.88
—
1.05












Sensitive
















Communication Services
8.76
—
3.12








Energy
0.00
—
2.45








Industrials
29.99
—
12.65









Technology
5.39
—
9.27











Defensive
















Consumer Defensive
4.16
—
8.54








Healthcare
27.63
—
21.65









Utilities
0.00
—
32.30








As of 04/30/2017Sector data is calculated only using the long position holdings of the portfolio.








Fixed-Income Sectors












Type
% Bonds
Benchmark
Category Avg

Fund Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight













Government
0.00
—
0.52








 
 
 
 






Corporate
91.22
—
96.41








 
 
 
 






Securitized
0.26
—
0.00








 
 
 
 






Municipal
0.00
—
0.00








 
 
 
 






Cash & Equivalents
8.52
—
2.92








 
 
 
 






Other
0.00
—
0.15








As of 04/30/2017
                     Sector data is calculated only using the rescaled long position holdings of the portfolio.
                    




Coupon Range











Type
% Bonds
Benchmark
Category Avg
 
Fund Weight
Benchmark Weight
Category Avg Weight









0%
2.52
—
10.40











0% to 4%
27.73
—
75.94








4% to 6%
32.39
—
5.40








6% to 8%
27.70
—
5.47








8% to 10%
6.30
—
1.49








10% to 12%
3.35
—
1.30








More than 12%
0.00
—
0.00








As of 04/30/2017Sector data is calculated only using the long position holdings of the portfolio.








Top 10 Country Breakdown
	 AGC
















% Bonds

            	Benchmark
        	

            	Category Avg
            


Fund Weight
            


                Benchmark Weight
            

Category Avg Weight
            














United States
82.64
—
77.50







Canada
5.62
—
2.40







France
3.89
—
1.16







Marshall Islands
1.67
—
0.20







Bermuda
1.42
—
11.57







Luxembourg
1.24
—
1.85







Australia
1.00
—
0.10







Cayman Islands
0.85
—
0.09







Netherlands
0.74
—
1.30







Liberia
0.55
—
0.25







 






As of 04/30/2017Country breakdown data is calculated only using the long rescaled holdings of the portfolio.










Bond Maturity Breakdown
	 AGC
















% Bonds

            	Benchmark
        	

            	Category Avg
            


Fund Weight
            


                Benchmark Weight
            

Category Avg Weight
            














1 to 3 Years
15.71
—
24.05







3 to 5 Years
23.60
—
26.20







5 to 7 Years
27.09
—
15.19







7 to 10 Years
29.21
—
12.35







10 to 15 Years
1.07
—
0.75







15 to 20 Years
1.51
—
4.38







20 to 30 Years
1.80
—
10.62







Over 30 Years
0.00
—
0.02







 






As of date not available














Take a 14-day free trial.
See Country Level Detail.


World Regions AGC









% Stocks
Benchmark
Category Avg




As of  04/30/2017Region breakdown data is calculated by using the long position holdings of the portfolio equity part only.







Americas
72.47
—
97.77





North America
72.47
—
97.77





Latin America
0.00
—
0.00





Greater Europe
24.25
—
1.43





United Kingdom
9.68
—
0.31





Europe Developed
14.58
—
1.12





Europe Emerging
0.00
—
0.00





Africa/Middle East
0.00
—
0.00





Greater Asia
3.27
—
0.80





Japan
3.27
—
0.27





Australasia
0.00
—
0.00





Asia Developed
0.00
—
0.00





Asia Emerging
0.00
—
0.53








Market Classification








% Developed Markets
100.00
—
99.47





% Emerging Markets
0.00
—
0.53







 


Greater Asia
Americas
Greater Europe









Bond Duration AGC











 
Unadjusted for Leverage
Leverage Adjusted







Average Weighted Duration

	   				—
          

	   				—
          





Effective Duration

	   				—
          

	   				—
           




Modified Duration

	   				—
          

	   				—
          












As of date not available




 








Detail
Value







Average Weighted Maturity

	   				—
          





Effective Maturity

	   				—
          













Bond Call Profile
	
	 AGC
















% Bonds

            	Benchmark
        	

            	Category Avg
            


Fund Weight
            


                Benchmark Weight
            

Category Avg Weight
            














2017
—
—
—







2018
—
—
—







2019
—
—
—







2020
—
—
—







2021
—
—
—







5 Year +
—
—
—







Non-Callable
—
—
—







 






As of date not available



 























	Certain information included herein is derived by Morningstar in part from MSCI’s Index Constituents (the “Index Data”). However, MSCI has not reviewed any information contained herein and does not endorse or express any opinion such information or analysis. Neither MSCI nor any third party involved in or related to the computing or compiling of the Index Data makes any express or implied warranties, representations or guarantees concerning the Index Data or any information or data derived therefrom, and in no event will MSCI or any third party have any liability for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, consequential or any other damages (including lost profits) relating to any use of this information. None of the Index Data is intended to constitute investment advice or a recommendation to make (or refrain from making) any kind of investment decision and may not be relied on as such. All Index Data and any information derived therefrom is for your internal use only and may not be further redistributed or used to create any financial instruments or products or indices.
	


	                      We value your feedback. Let us know what you think.
	                














 


Site Directory
Site Map
Our Products












 



 



 




Corrections
Help
Advertising Opportunities
Licensing Opportunities
Glossary
RSS
Mobile Portfolio
Affiliate
Careers 
 


International Sites:
        	Australia
Canada
China
France
Germany
Hong Kong
Italy
The Netherlands
Norway
Spain
U.K.
Switzerland

 




Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry



Premium Stocks by:
            Name
|
Ticker
|
Star Rating
|
Market Cap
|
Stock Type
|
Sector
|
Industry



Premium Mutual Funds by:
            Star Rating
|
Investment Style
|
Total Assets
|
Category
|
Top Holdings
|
Top Sectors
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Premium ETFs by:
            Star Rating
|
Category
|
Total Assets
|
Symbol / Ticker
|
Name



Popular Articles by:
            Title
|
Date
|
Author
|
Collection
|
Interest
|
Popularity



Popular Investment Categories by:
            Topic
|
Sector
|
Key Indicators
|
User Interest
|
Market Cap
|
Industry




Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers.
        © Copyright  Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time. Russell 2000 quote is 10 minutes delayed.
 


 










 




Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











	Closed-End Funds | Equity Option | Nuveen










































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us















Closed-End Funds



MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



CEF






Nuveen Covered Call Closed-End Funds 
For income-oriented investors who are seeking the growth and diversification potential of equities, but who desire higher income and reduced volatility, covered call closed-end funds (also known as equity option closed-end funds) can be an attractive diversifying portfolio opportunity.



Covered Call Strategies for Today's Income Investors 
Nuveen's covered call closed-end funds have been designed to meet the income, risk, and diversification needs of income-oriented investors. Combining a traditional equity portfolio strategy of persistently selling covered calls, then monetizing the long-term expected total returns into quarterly cash distributions, results in the strong potential for a diversifying, higher-yielding and more stable investment. 




Full/Constant Overwrite
Variable Option Overwrite




S&P 500
Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-WriteIncome Fund (BXMX)
Nuveen S&P 500 DynamicOverwrite Fund (SPXX)


Nasdaq

Nuveen Nasdaq 100 DynamicOverwrite Fund (QQQX)


DJIA

Nuveen Dow 30SM DynamicOverwrite Fund (DIAX)



What are covered call strategies?
							Covered call strategy funds invest in a portfolio of stocks, and sell call options on either individual stocks or stock indices, for the purpose of enhancing total return, reducing volatility, and providing a measure of downside protection over time.  The fund receives a premium from the buyer of the call option, and must sell or deliver the underlying stock (or cash, in the case of a stock index call option) if the call option is exercised by the buyer.  The value of the stocks that are linked to call options sold, relative to the value of full stock portfolio, is termed the Option Overwrite percentage.





Expand Your Income Options

Nuveen income-oriented equity closed-end funds
Learn More




Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-Write Income Fund (BXMX)

A Morningstar Medalist Fund 
Learn More








Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-WriteIncome Fund (BXMX)


Stock portfolio seeks to replicate the returns of the S&P 500 Index 
100% option overwrite 


Quarterly Fact Sheet
View Fund





Nuveen S&P 500 DynamicOverwrite Fund (SPXX)


Stock portfolio seeks to replicate the returns of the S&P 500 Index 
Dynamic option overwrite 35% - 75%


Quarterly Fact Sheet
View Fund





Nuveen Nasdaq 100 DynamicOverwrite Fund (QQQX)


Stock portfolio seeks to replicate the returns of the Nasdaq 100 Index
Dynamic option overwrite 35% - 75%


Quarterly Fact Sheet
View Fund





Nuveen Dow 30SM DynamicOverwrite Fund (DIAX)


Stock portfolio seeks to replicate the returns of the DJIA Index
Dynamic option overwrite 35% - 75%


Quarterly Fact Sheet
View Fund








For more detailed information on the specific risks associated with each fund, please view the overview tab by clicking View Fund above.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average (the "Index") is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC ("S&P DJI") and has been licensed to Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC in connection with the Nuveen Dow 30SM Dynamic Overwrite Fund. Dow Jones Industrial Average®, The Dow™, and The Dow 30™ are trademarks of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC ("Dow Jones") and have been licensed for use by S&P DJI and/or its affiliates and have sublicensed for certain purposes by Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC. The Nuveen Dow 30SM Dynamic Overwrite Fund is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by S&P DJI, S&P, or their respective affiliates or third party licensors and none of such parties make any representation regarding the advisability of investing in such the Nuveen Dow 30SM Dynamic Overwrite Fund.
The S&P 500 (the "Index") is a product of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC ("S&P DJI") and has been licensed to Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC in connection with the Nuveen S&P 500 Dynamic Overwrite Fund and Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-Write Income Fund. S&P® and S&P 500® are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC ("SPFS") and have been licensed for use by S&P DJI and/or its affiliates and have sublicensed for certain purposes by Nuveen Fund Advisors, LLC. The Nuveen S&P 500 Dynamic Overwrite Fund and Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-Write Income Fund are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by S&P DJI, S&P, or their respective affiliates or third party licensors and none of such parties make any representation regarding the advisability of investing in such the Nuveen S&P 500 Dynamic Overwrite Fund and Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-Write Income Fund.















Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.
				23791-INV-Y-03/18	
			


















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds



















	CEF Types & Strategies | Nuveen














































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us













Strategies


MF
CEF
SMA
ETF
COM
UIT



CEF




Overview
Taxable Income
Tax-Exempt Income
Multi-Strategy
Equity









CEF Types & Strategies

Find out more about the types of closed-end funds we offer and their investment
			strategies using the chart below.





Multi-Strategy



				 

Global Debt

Equity Option



Preferred Securities

MBS

Global Equity



Floating Rate

MLPs

Domestic Equity



Municipal Debt

REITs

				 





Chart Definitions
Income-oriented closed-end funds make payouts largely from interest	and dividends.
Income and capital appreciation funds seek regular cash	flow made up of interest and dividends, with the remainder from capital appreciation or, if necessary, return of capital.
Capital appreciation and income closed-end funds seek cash flow mainly from capital appreciation.
Single-asset-class funds invest primarily in one asset class, which can be used as components in a well-diversified income portfolio.
Pre-packaged combinations are funds featuring multiple asset types, which are designed to work together to diversify fund cash flow risks.






















Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE







See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.




















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds





















	Income Investing | CEF | Nuveen



















































Nuveen









Individual Investor
Financial Advisor
Institutional Investor









Products





Products
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Exchange-Traded Funds
Commodity Exchange-Traded Products
Unit Trusts
Products for Non-U.S. Investors
Other
Alternatives
Multi-Asset Solutions




Performance
Mutual Funds
Separately Managed Accounts
Pricing
Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds
Unit Trusts







Insights





Market Commentary
Weekly Investment Commentary
Weekly Fixed Income Update
Product Commentary
Video Library
Conference Calls & Webinars




Investment Ideas
Adapt to Municipal Market Changes
Manage Key Income Risks
Reinvent Retirement Income Investing







Literature





Literature Center
Mutual Funds

									Forms & Applications
Prospectuses
									& Reports

									Fact Sheets & Commentary
Closed-End Funds
Fact
									Sheets & Reports










Resources





Client Resources

									Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds

									Tax Information
Mutual Funds Education
Overview
Advisor Resources
Wealth Management Services

									Account Access
Tools and Calculators
Bond Investing Ladder Tool




Alternatives Education
Alternatives Education Center
Closed-End Funds Education
Closed-End Fund Strategies
Understanding Closed-End Funds
Multi-Asset Resources
Explore Multi-Asset Investing







Retirement





Retirement Solutions
About Us
Investment Solutions




Practice Management
Resources
401(k)ollege
Plan Profit (k)alculator
Contact Us


































Closed the Income Gap®
with Nuveen Closed-End Funds



Closed-End Funds Offer Attractive Income Potential
In the search for increased income opportunities, closed-end funds can be a smart choice. Designed and built for income, closed-end funds seek to provide regular, stable cash flow over time and can serve as a compelling tool for optimizing an income portfolio.
Consider closed-end funds if you’re seeking to:1


1


Enhance Income and Cash Flow
Because of their unique closed structure and ability to use leverage,2 closed-end funds offer potentially higher distributions3 than traditional income investments.4


2


Manage Interest Rate Risk 
Floating rate, shorter duration or equity closed-end funds may help reduce a portfolio’s interest rate sensitivity.


3


Protect Purchasing Power
Closed-end funds that invest in real assets and dividend-paying stocks, which typically increase their payments with rising inflation, may help buffer the effects of rising inflation.


4


Maximize After-Tax Efficiency
Nuveen offers a wide array of national, state specific and AMT-free municipal closed-end funds that may help reduce your tax liability on investment income.5


5


Improve Diversification
With strategies that provide access to specialized asset classes, including alternatives, Nuveen closed-end funds may enhance portfolio diversification.





Additional Resources



How Do CEFs Compare? 


Additional Advisor Resources










What is a Closed-End Fund?
Anne KritzmireClosed-End Fund & Structured Products










Consider Nuveen closed-end funds if you’re seeking1



Fund Name
Ticker
Leveraged?
Primary Investment Focus 
Enhance Income
Manage Interest Rate Risk
Protect Purchasing Power
Maximize After-Tax Efficiency
Improve Diversification 




Tax-Exempt Municipal Debt


Nuveen Quality Municipal Income Fund
NAD
•
Investment Grade Municipal Bonds
•


•



Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund
NVG
•
AMT-Free, Hybrid Investment Grade/High Yield Municipal Bonds
•


•



Nuveen Municipal Value Fund, Inc.
NUV

Investment Grade Municipal Bonds
•


•



Nuveen Municipal High Income Opportunity Fund
NMZ
•
High Yield Municipal Bonds
•


•





Taxable Debt


Nuveen Credit Strategies Income Fund
JQC
•
Senior Loans
•
•
•

•


Nuveen Mortgage Opportunity Term Fund
JLS
•
Mortgage-Backed Securities
•
•


•


Nuveen Preferred Securities Income Fund
JPS
•
Preferred Securities
•






Nuveen Global High Income Fund
JGH
•
Global High Yield Securities
•
•


•




Equity


Nuveen Real Asset Income and Growth Fund
JRI
•
Real Assets
•
•
•

•


Nuveen Tax-Advantaged Total Return Strategy Fund
JTA
•
Equity-Global
•
•
•

•


Nuveen S&P 500 Buy-Write Income Fund
BXMX

Equity-Option
•
•

•
•








There is no guarantee that any of the funds will achieve their stated objectives. For detailed information on the specific risks associated with each fund, please view the fund overview by clicking on the fund name above.
1 Goal classifications represent common investor concerns when evaluating portfolio needs, are provided for informational purposes only, and are not intended to be relied upon as investment advice or recommendations.
2 Leverage typically magnifies the total return of a fund’s portfolio, whether that return is positive or negative, and creates an opportunity for increased common share net income as well as higher volatility of net asset value, market price, and distributions. There is no assurance that a fund’s leveraging strategy will be successful.
3 Potential distribution sources include net investment income, realized gains and return of capital.  
4 Different types of asset investments have different types of risks, which may provide higher returns but also greater volatility. In general, equity securities tend to be more volatile that fixed income securities. The value of, and income generated by, debt securities will decrease or increase based on changes in market interest rates. As interest rates risk, bond prices fall. In general, below investment grade (high-yield) debt securities tend to be more volatile than investment grade securities. Preferred securities are subordinated to bonds and other debt instruments in a company's capital structure, and therefore are subject to greater credit risk. The interest and principal payments of U.S. Treasury securities are guaranteed.
5 Income may be subject to state and local income taxes and the alternative minimum tax. Capital gains, if any, will be subject to capital gains tax.














Investment Affiliates

Nuveen Asset Management
TIAA Investments
Symphony Asset Management
NWQ
Santa Barbara Asset Management
Winslow Capital


AGR Partners
Churchill Asset Management
GreenWood Resources
Gresham Investment Management
TH Real Estate
Westchester Agriculture Asset Management





Media Center
About Nuveen
Contact Us
Careers
Non-U.S. Investors
FINRA BrokerCheck




Follow Us:









There are risks inherent in any investment, including the possible loss of principal. There can be no assurance that fund objectives will be achieved. Closed-end funds frequently trade at a discount to their net asset value.
Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
NOT FDIC INSUREDMAY LOSE VALUENO BANK GUARANTEE









See our privacy policy, terms of use and our business continuity plan summary. The content of this site, including but not limited to the text and images herein and their arrangement are Copyright by Nuveen Investments. Securities offered through Nuveen Securities, LLC, a subsidiary of Nuveen, 333 W. Wacker Drive, Chicago, IL  60606.  Nuveen provides innovative investment strategies and portfolio management services through its independent investment affiliates: Nuveen Asset Management, TIAA Investments, Symphony Asset Management, NWQ Investment Management Company, Santa Barbara Asset Management, Winslow Capital Management, AGR Partners, Churchill Asset Management, GreenWood Resources Capital Management, Gresham Investment Management, TH Real Estate, and Westchester Agriculture Asset Management. 
Investor line: 1-800-257-8787. Advisor line: 1-800-752-8700.
The material contained on this website is not intended to be a recommendation or investment advice, does not constitute a solicitation to buy or sell securities, and is not provided in a fiduciary capacity. The information provided does not take into account the specific objectives or circumstances of any particular investor, or suggest any specific course of action. Investment decisions should be made based on an investor’s objectives and circumstances and in consultation with his or her advisors.
The information on this web site is intended for U.S. residents only.  If you are a non-U.S. resident, please visit www.nuveenglobal.com. The information provided does not constitute a solicitation of an offer to buy, or an offer to sell securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is not lawful to make such an offer.
21247-INV-Y-03/17



















Login
Register
Client Accounts
Your Contacts







Not registered?
Register for access to investment team commentary, detailed portfolio information, and other advisor resources.  For instant access, register now.








Your Contacts
Our goal is to deliver lasting value to our clients. For assistance, please call or email our advisor service team or contact your personal Nuveen Service Team.
Log in to nuveen.com to access your personal Nuveen Service Team.



Financial Advisors
800-752-8700Email


Registered Investment Advisors
800-558-4487





Account Access
For more information on Mutual Fund Vision, FAN Mail, or accessing client accounts, please visit our advisor account access page.


Advisor Access

Vision
FAN Mail



Investor Access

Mutual Funds
Closed-End Funds



























FinanceWeb You searched for best fixed income investments - FinanceWeb





























 




 




Ads 


Top stories


 OJ Simpson’s Retirement Is Set


 Dragonfly Drones Take Flight


 A Guide To Mid-Year Portfolio Check/Balancing





Search results for best fixed income investments

Easy Guide To Fixed Annuity Rates and Calculators
FinanceWeb > Money > Easy Guide To Fixed Annuity Rates and Calculators
                                ...higher interest than a CD. It’s easy to find an annuity rates calculator online. They can help interested investors find possible income levels for retirement planning.   Why Fixed Annuities Are Popular with Investors   The interest rates paid for fixed annuities are guaranteed, as...                            

A Guide To Fixed Annuities and Rates
FinanceWeb > Markets > A Guide To Fixed Annuities and Rates
                                ...Fixed rate annuities are an excellent tool for building a reliable source of long-term income. With fixed rate annuities, one knows in advance the exact amounts of interest income that the investment contract will pay along with a set schedule. One can structure fixed...                            

Fixed Income Investments Explained
FinanceWeb > Markets > Fixed Income Investments Explained
                                ...tax advantages. Tips for Choosing the Best Fixed Income Investments There’s no right or wrong answer for the question “what are the best fixed income investments?”. A person’s individual financial status will determine which investments are right for him or her. For a person who...                            

Five Safer Investment Options
FinanceWeb > Markets > Five Safer Investment Options
                                ...options can help you make your money grow without having to take too much of a risk. 1. Fixed Annuities Fixed annuities are a great option for many reasons. You can generally start out with a relatively low investment amount; in fact, you can often...                            
Popular Related SearchesBest Fixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income FundsFixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income EtfWhat Is A Fixed Income FundBest Fixed Income FundsFixed Income Mutual FundsBest Bond FundsBond FundsPopular Related SearchesBest Fixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income FundsFixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income EtfWhat Is A Fixed Income FundBest Fixed Income FundsFixed Income Mutual FundsBest Bond FundsPopular Related SearchesBest Fixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income FundsFixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income EtfWhat Is A Fixed Income FundBest Fixed Income Funds

How To Find The Right Retirement Investment Mix
FinanceWeb > Markets > How To Find The Right Retirement Investment Mix
                                ...their income. Retirement planning, however, is all about balancing your current financial obligations with saving for the future. If you plan to retire early, you may need an aggressive mix of investments to bring in enough income to meet that goal. If your retirement plans...                            

Best Rated Annuity Rate Calculators
FinanceWeb > Money > Best Rated Annuity Rate Calculators
                                ...ones we judged best for very different people. Some work for younger people and others for those close to retirement. Check each out to find your favorite. For All Workers The Vanguard retirement income calculator works for those workers from age 20 up to 80....                            

Top 3 Reasons Why An Annuity Might Be Right For You
FinanceWeb > Markets > Top 3 Reasons Why An Annuity Might Be Right For You
                                ...everyone, they do have certain strong benefits. Below are three reasons why an annuity might be right for you. 1. You Want Guaranteed Income When most people refer to annuities, what they really mean is a fixed annuity. Unlike other kinds of investments, fixed annuities...                            

Retirement Annuities
FinanceWeb > Markets > Retirement Annuities
                                ...Variable Payments One can choose whether to receive a fixed income set out in the agreement and paid over time or variable income that will rise and fall with the value of the investments selected for the annuity. The fixed annuity is straightforward, and the...                            

Take a look at your current contribution rate. Saving just 1% more can make a bigger difference than you thought.
FinanceWeb > Markets > Take a look at your current contribution rate. Saving just 1% more can make a bigger difference than you thought.
                                ...best benefits. There are many ways to increase assets particularly if not close to retiring; they include insurance and investments in real estate, stocks, mutual funds, bonds and other securities. The overall message is that small steps can add up to greater financial security....                            

Most Popular Types of Mortgages
FinanceWeb > Personal Finance > Most Popular Types of Mortgages
                                ...Record-low interest rates and diverse lending options make finding the right home loan easier than ever. To get the best deal on the ideal home, learn how these popular mortgage types can impact your bottom line. Fixed-Rate Mortgage Fixed-rate mortgages continue to be the...                            


Ads 





Popular Related SearchesBest Fixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income FundsFixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income EtfWhat Is A Fixed Income FundBest Fixed Income Funds











Newsletter
Subscribe for free e-mail financial updates:









Email: 

 Submit


Your email address will not be sold or rented to third parties.






Close
Join Us!
Unlimited Access to our Latest Business, Financial & Investment News & Advice. Receive Members-Only Special Offers & More!









Email: 

 Submit




















FinanceWeb You searched for best fixed income investments - FinanceWeb





























 




 




Ads 


Top stories


 OJ Simpson’s Retirement Is Set


 Dragonfly Drones Take Flight


 A Guide To Mid-Year Portfolio Check/Balancing





Search results for best fixed income investments

Easy Guide To Fixed Annuity Rates and Calculators
FinanceWeb > Money > Easy Guide To Fixed Annuity Rates and Calculators
                                ...higher interest than a CD. It’s easy to find an annuity rates calculator online. They can help interested investors find possible income levels for retirement planning.   Why Fixed Annuities Are Popular with Investors   The interest rates paid for fixed annuities are guaranteed, as...                            

A Guide To Fixed Annuities and Rates
FinanceWeb > Markets > A Guide To Fixed Annuities and Rates
                                ...Fixed rate annuities are an excellent tool for building a reliable source of long-term income. With fixed rate annuities, one knows in advance the exact amounts of interest income that the investment contract will pay along with a set schedule. One can structure fixed...                            

Fixed Income Investments Explained
FinanceWeb > Markets > Fixed Income Investments Explained
                                ...tax advantages. Tips for Choosing the Best Fixed Income Investments There’s no right or wrong answer for the question “what are the best fixed income investments?”. A person’s individual financial status will determine which investments are right for him or her. For a person who...                            

Five Safer Investment Options
FinanceWeb > Markets > Five Safer Investment Options
                                ...options can help you make your money grow without having to take too much of a risk. 1. Fixed Annuities Fixed annuities are a great option for many reasons. You can generally start out with a relatively low investment amount; in fact, you can often...                            
Popular Related SearchesFixed Income InvestmentsBest Fixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income EtfFixed Income FundsWhat Is A Fixed Income FundBest Fixed Income FundsFixed Income Mutual FundsFixed IncomeBest Bond FundsPopular Related SearchesFixed Income InvestmentsBest Fixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income EtfFixed Income FundsWhat Is A Fixed Income FundBest Fixed Income FundsFixed Income Mutual FundsFixed IncomePopular Related SearchesFixed Income InvestmentsBest Fixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income EtfFixed Income FundsWhat Is A Fixed Income FundBest Fixed Income Funds

How To Find The Right Retirement Investment Mix
FinanceWeb > Markets > How To Find The Right Retirement Investment Mix
                                ...their income. Retirement planning, however, is all about balancing your current financial obligations with saving for the future. If you plan to retire early, you may need an aggressive mix of investments to bring in enough income to meet that goal. If your retirement plans...                            

Best Rated Annuity Rate Calculators
FinanceWeb > Money > Best Rated Annuity Rate Calculators
                                ...ones we judged best for very different people. Some work for younger people and others for those close to retirement. Check each out to find your favorite. For All Workers The Vanguard retirement income calculator works for those workers from age 20 up to 80....                            

Top 3 Reasons Why An Annuity Might Be Right For You
FinanceWeb > Markets > Top 3 Reasons Why An Annuity Might Be Right For You
                                ...everyone, they do have certain strong benefits. Below are three reasons why an annuity might be right for you. 1. You Want Guaranteed Income When most people refer to annuities, what they really mean is a fixed annuity. Unlike other kinds of investments, fixed annuities...                            

Retirement Annuities
FinanceWeb > Markets > Retirement Annuities
                                ...Variable Payments One can choose whether to receive a fixed income set out in the agreement and paid over time or variable income that will rise and fall with the value of the investments selected for the annuity. The fixed annuity is straightforward, and the...                            

Take a look at your current contribution rate. Saving just 1% more can make a bigger difference than you thought.
FinanceWeb > Markets > Take a look at your current contribution rate. Saving just 1% more can make a bigger difference than you thought.
                                ...best benefits. There are many ways to increase assets particularly if not close to retiring; they include insurance and investments in real estate, stocks, mutual funds, bonds and other securities. The overall message is that small steps can add up to greater financial security....                            

Most Popular Types of Mortgages
FinanceWeb > Personal Finance > Most Popular Types of Mortgages
                                ...Record-low interest rates and diverse lending options make finding the right home loan easier than ever. To get the best deal on the ideal home, learn how these popular mortgage types can impact your bottom line. Fixed-Rate Mortgage Fixed-rate mortgages continue to be the...                            


Ads 





Popular Related SearchesFixed Income InvestmentsBest Fixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income EtfFixed Income FundsWhat Is A Fixed Income FundBest Fixed Income Funds











Newsletter
Subscribe for free e-mail financial updates:









Email: 

 Submit


Your email address will not be sold or rented to third parties.






Close
Join Us!
Unlimited Access to our Latest Business, Financial & Investment News & Advice. Receive Members-Only Special Offers & More!









Email: 

 Submit




















FinanceWeb You searched for best fixed income funds - FinanceWeb





























 




 




Ads 


Top stories


 OJ Simpson’s Retirement Is Set


 Dragonfly Drones Take Flight


 A Guide To Mid-Year Portfolio Check/Balancing





Search results for best fixed income funds

Easy Guide To Fixed Annuity Rates and Calculators
FinanceWeb > Money > Easy Guide To Fixed Annuity Rates and Calculators
                                ...higher interest than a CD. It’s easy to find an annuity rates calculator online. They can help interested investors find possible income levels for retirement planning.   Why Fixed Annuities Are Popular with Investors   The interest rates paid for fixed annuities are guaranteed, as...                            

A Guide To Fixed Annuities and Rates
FinanceWeb > Markets > A Guide To Fixed Annuities and Rates
                                ...Fixed rate annuities are an excellent tool for building a reliable source of long-term income. With fixed rate annuities, one knows in advance the exact amounts of interest income that the investment contract will pay along with a set schedule. One can structure fixed...                            

Fixed Income Investments Explained
FinanceWeb > Markets > Fixed Income Investments Explained
                                ...can greatly vary, but still yet, a gain is a gain, and fixed income investments are not meant to lose money whatsoever. Most commonly, people invest in individual bonds as a form of fixed income investment, but other forms do exist, including money market funds,...                            

Five Safer Investment Options
FinanceWeb > Markets > Five Safer Investment Options
                                ...options can help you make your money grow without having to take too much of a risk. 1. Fixed Annuities Fixed annuities are a great option for many reasons. You can generally start out with a relatively low investment amount; in fact, you can often...                            
Popular Related SearchesBond FundsBest Fixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income EtfFixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income FundsWhat Is A Fixed Income FundBest Fixed Income FundsFixed Income Mutual FundsFixed IncomePopular Related SearchesBond FundsBest Fixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income EtfFixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income FundsWhat Is A Fixed Income FundBest Fixed Income FundsFixed Income Mutual FundsPopular Related SearchesBond FundsBest Fixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income EtfFixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income FundsWhat Is A Fixed Income Fund

How To Find The Right Retirement Investment Mix
FinanceWeb > Markets > How To Find The Right Retirement Investment Mix
                                ...include world travel or other expensive propositions, then again you will require more income. On the other hand, if you anticipate having fairly fixed expenses during your retirement, securing a reliable income should be your top priority. Life Stage: If you’re still decades away from...                            

Leading Providers Of Mutual Funds
FinanceWeb > Markets > Leading Providers Of Mutual Funds
                                ...impact of market factors and select funds that appear well-designed to yield the best possible gains. US banking policy changes will affect interest rates and bond values. Sovereign debt situations in Greece and Puerto Rico may cause substantial market impacts. Unexpected market corrections occur, as...                            

The Best 10 Mutual Funds
FinanceWeb > Markets > The Best 10 Mutual Funds
                                ...here is a list of the best 10 mutual funds. 1. SEI Tax Exempt Trust Tax- Advantaged Income Fund. This fund is provided by state and local governments. This fund increased its yield 4.37% over the last year. Its performance over the last 3 years...                            

Best Mutual Fund Companies
FinanceWeb > Markets > Best Mutual Fund Companies
                                ...goals and objectives: Retirement-Income Mutual Funds • JPMorgan SmartRetirement Income Fund- Over the past five years, this retirement mutual fund generated a yield of 7.15 percent for income growth investors. The fund’s underlying assets include fixed income funds from other JPMorgan mutual funds, and the...                            

Top 3 Reasons Why An Annuity Might Be Right For You
FinanceWeb > Markets > Top 3 Reasons Why An Annuity Might Be Right For You
                                ...everyone, they do have certain strong benefits. Below are three reasons why an annuity might be right for you. 1. You Want Guaranteed Income When most people refer to annuities, what they really mean is a fixed annuity. Unlike other kinds of investments, fixed annuities...                            

Retirement Annuities
FinanceWeb > Markets > Retirement Annuities
                                ...term of years or guaranteed for life. Deferred payments accrue during the agreed non-payment period and increase the overall return on investment by compounding. One can convert a deferred payment structure into an immediate payment investment; however, withdrawal of funds carries significant penalties. Fixed Versus...                            


Ads 





Popular Related SearchesBond FundsBest Fixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income EtfFixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income FundsWhat Is A Fixed Income Fund











Newsletter
Subscribe for free e-mail financial updates:









Email: 

 Submit


Your email address will not be sold or rented to third parties.






Close
Join Us!
Unlimited Access to our Latest Business, Financial & Investment News & Advice. Receive Members-Only Special Offers & More!









Email: 

 Submit




















FinanceWeb You searched for best bond funds - FinanceWeb





























 




 




Ads 


Top stories


 OJ Simpson’s Retirement Is Set


 Dragonfly Drones Take Flight


 A Guide To Mid-Year Portfolio Check/Balancing





Search results for best bond funds

How To Pick The Right Mutual Funds For You
FinanceWeb > Markets > How To Pick The Right Mutual Funds For You
                                ...and balance the investment portfolio. Since most funds permit small investments, one can spread the investment amount among mutual funds as needed to achieve investment goals. Balance is needed to minimize the effects of risk. Risk comes from many sources. For bond investments, the primary...                            

How To Find The Best Mutual Funds To Buy
FinanceWeb > Markets > How To Find The Best Mutual Funds To Buy
                                ...it comes to finding the best mutual funds to buy, it all depends on what you are looking to invest in. There are mutual funds that deal in stocks, there are funds that are comprised of bonds, and there are funds that have a wide...                            

Mutual Funds Terminology Explained
FinanceWeb > Markets > Mutual Funds Terminology Explained
                                ...expertise in stock and bond matters. However, others determine that paying for managers eats away at profits and should be avoided. Those who wish to minimize professional expenses can choose no-load mutual funds. No-load funds do not charge significant sales commissions and management fees. Many...                            

Analyzing the Best Retirement Funds
FinanceWeb > Markets > Analyzing the Best Retirement Funds
                                ...fund seeks high current income for investors along with capital appreciation. Fund managers combine stable domestic equity funds, high-value bond funds and international funds from emerging or developed markets. Over the past five years, the fund returned a 4.40 percent yield to its investors. Top-Rated...                            
Popular Related SearchesHigh Yield Bond FundsBest Fixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income EtfFixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income FundsWhat Is A Fixed Income FundBest Fixed Income FundsFixed Income Mutual FundsFixed IncomePopular Related SearchesHigh Yield Bond FundsBest Fixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income EtfFixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income FundsWhat Is A Fixed Income FundBest Fixed Income FundsFixed Income Mutual FundsPopular Related SearchesHigh Yield Bond FundsBest Fixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income EtfFixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income FundsWhat Is A Fixed Income Fund

Best Mutual Funds To Invest In: A Mid Year Assessment
FinanceWeb > Markets > Best Mutual Funds To Invest In: A Mid Year Assessment
                                ...The mid-year is an excellent time to evaluate the best Mutual Funds opportunities for investment and consider mid-year corrections that can improve results for the second half of the year. In doing so, one must consider factors that may affect stocks and bonds such...                            

Leading Providers Of Mutual Funds
FinanceWeb > Markets > Leading Providers Of Mutual Funds
                                ...impact of market factors and select funds that appear well-designed to yield the best possible gains. US banking policy changes will affect interest rates and bond values. Sovereign debt situations in Greece and Puerto Rico may cause substantial market impacts. Unexpected market corrections occur, as...                            

Top 5 Retirement Funds
FinanceWeb > Markets > Top 5 Retirement Funds
                                ...broad range of investment classes among the J.P. Morgan assets. It has a strong five-year performance track. Among the best yields in top rated funds is American Century Asset Allocation Portfolios One ChoiceSM In Retirement Portfolio. It has an asset mix of 45 percent each...                            

The Best 10 Mutual Funds
FinanceWeb > Markets > The Best 10 Mutual Funds
                                ...Investing in Mutual Funds can be a stressful event, if the investor does not know which funds are the best ones to invest in. There is the added complication of how long the investor wishes to invest in the fund. To eliminate that problem,...                            

Best Mutual Fund Companies
FinanceWeb > Markets > Best Mutual Fund Companies
                                ...Funds • Fidelity Capital and Income Fund- Over the past five years, this no-load bond fund returned just shy of 10 percent for its investors. This fund is one of Fidelity’s riskiest mutual funds, investing in companies going through financial struggles and buying defaulted securities....                            

6 Popular Tax Free Bonds
FinanceWeb > Markets > 6 Popular Tax Free Bonds
                                ...to distributions that can trigger alternative tax liability. Another factor is management expense. However, there are popular investments in short, intermediate, and long-term bond funds with impressive yields and very reasonable management fees. Some Popular Tax Free Bond Funds Among the best rated municipal bond...                            


Ads 


12





Popular Related SearchesHigh Yield Bond FundsBest Fixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income EtfFixed Income InvestmentsFixed Income FundsWhat Is A Fixed Income Fund











Newsletter
Subscribe for free e-mail financial updates:









Email: 

 Submit


Your email address will not be sold or rented to third parties.






Close
Join Us!
Unlimited Access to our Latest Business, Financial & Investment News & Advice. Receive Members-Only Special Offers & More!









Email: 

 Submit











 









































Mutual Funds | American Funds

























       American Funds 
      ®

 


   
 OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠



Capital Group sites








Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other









More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets



American Funds sites







 
INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



 American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


 
 Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide  (corporate site) 
Private Markets 







 



  Welcome to American Funds 
Contact Us
Preferences
  Log In LOG OUT 




American Funds Investors






 User Name or Account Number  
  Remember Me 
  
 Log in for the first time 




 Login Help 

 


 Login Help 


New user? 
Forgot password?
More help
 

 






















Forms


Search










 






    MY ACCOUNTS 





                 MY ACCOUNTS 
                See All

Close x











ACCOUNT INFORMATION




 View Portfolio 
 Portfolio Value History 
 Statements & Tax Forms 
 









FORMS


in Service & Support




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









 
    INVESTMENTS 





                 INVESTMENTS 
                See All

Close x










MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH




 Daily Prices & Yields 
 Returns 
 Compare Funds 
 Prospectuses & Annual Reports 
 









MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES




 Historical Prices 
 Historical Distributions 
 Share Class Information 
 Symbols & Fund Numbers 
 









OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products




 Insurance Series 
 
















  









 
    INSIGHTS 





                 INSIGHTS 
                See All

Close x










CATEGORIES




 Investment Insights 
 Market Commentary 
 









TOPICS




 The Capital Advantage 
 Currencies 
 Developed World 
 Dividends & Income 
 Emerging Markets 
 Global 
 









 




 Innovation 
 International 
 Macroeconomic Outlook 
 Taxable Bonds 
 United States 
 









FEATURED










  2017 Outlook  





  








READ













  The Capital Advantage℠  





  








READ














 
    PRODUCTS 





                 PRODUCTS 
                See All

Close x










INVESTMENT OPTIONS




 Mutual Funds 
 Insurance Series





 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series



 
 









COLLEGE SAVINGS




 CollegeAmerica 529 Plans 
 Coverdell Education Savings Plans 
 UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts 
 









INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT




 Traditional/Roth IRAs 
 









EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS




 401(k) Plans 
 403(b) Plans 
 SIMPLE IRAs 
 SEP Plans 
 Payroll Deduction IRAs 
 
















  









 
    PLANNING 





                 PLANNING 
                See All

Close x










TOPICS




 Investing Fundamentals 
 Mutual Fund Basics 
 Creating a Financial Plan 
 Retirement Planning 
 College Savings 
 Market Fluctuations 
 









TOOLS




 Retirement Planning Calculator 
 Retirement Roadmap 
 College Savings Calculator 
 Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer 
 









 




 Spend It or Save It Calculator 
 Investment Calculator 
 Payroll Deduction Analyzer 
 Taxes and Inflation Calculator 
 









FEATURED














We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
    SERVICE & SUPPORT 





                 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
                See All

Close x










HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT




 Buying Shares 
 Selling Shares 
 Managing Your Account 
 Changing Your Preferences 
 



MORE








FORMS




 Account Updates 
 Retirement Savings Accounts 
 College Savings Accounts 
 Beneficiary Designations 
 









OTHER RESOURCES




 Tax Center 
 Contact Us 
 Search for an Advisor 
 



MORE








 
     
















Forms







  
 MY ACCOUNTS 
 INVESTMENTS 
 INSIGHTS 
 PRODUCTS 
 PLANNING 
 SERVICE & SUPPORT 
  





























Mutual Funds










Our managed equity and fixed-income mutual funds are designed with a long-term focus. 










Mutual Funds
 

Since 1931, we’ve helped investors pursue long-term investment success.
We offer investment options to help investors meet their financial needs.
Our investment process combines individual accountability with teamwork. 


Learn about The Capital Advantage℠. 
            


















  








Investment Spectrum
Our funds offer a spectrum of investment objectives, levels of volatility and asset types.
Note: The mutual funds in American Funds Portfolio SeriesSM, American Funds Retirement Income Portfolio SeriesSM and American Funds College Target Date Series® are not included in this chart.









Growth


Seeks to increase capital long term through growth-oriented companies.
 
 









EuroPacific Growth Fund®
The New Economy Fund®
New Perspective Fund®
AMCAP Fund®
The Growth Fund of America®
SMALLCAP World Fund®
New World Fund® 














Growth-and-Income




Seeks growth of capital and current income through dividend payers.  

 
 




Capital World Growth and Income Fund®
International Growth and Income Fund℠
American Mutual Fund®
Fundamental Investors®
The Investment Company of America®
Washington Mutual Investors Fund℠ 
American Funds Developing World Growth and Income Fund℠







Equity-Income


Seeks income and growth through a mix of dividend-paying stocks and bonds.
 
 





Capital Income Builder®
The Income Fund of America®





Balanced



Seeks long-term growth of capital, conservation of principal and current income through a mix of securities.                              



American Funds Global Balanced Fund℠ 
American Balanced Fund®









Taxable Bond


Seeks current income through various fixed-income securities.  

 
 





American High-Income Trust® 
American Funds Corporate Bond Fund℠
American Funds Emerging Markets Bond Fund℠
American Funds Inflation Linked Bond Fund℠
American Funds Strategic Bond Fund℠



Short-Term Bond Fund of America®
Intermediate Bond Fund of America®
U.S. Government Securities Fund®
American Funds Mortgage Fund®
The Bond Fund of America®
Capital World Bond Fund®





Tax-Exempt Bond


Seeks tax-exempt interest through municipal bonds.  
 
  




American High-Income Municipal Bond Fund®
American Funds Short-Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund®
American Funds Tax-Exempt Fund of New York®
Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The Tax-Exempt Fund of California®







Money Market


Seeks stability through highly liquid, short-term securities.  
 

 





American Funds U.S. Government Money Market Fund℠














Other Investment Options




 Portfolio Series 
 Target Date Retirement Series 
 College Target Date Series 
 










Other Resources




 Share Classes & Expenses 
 Compare Funds  
 Investment Calculator 
 


















  























Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 













































Closex
 















































































































American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia                                                ®


















TAX-EXEMPT BOND FUNDS



The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia

				®  (TFVAX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2





 
                                PRINT
                            












SUMMARY
RETURNS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
RESOURCES

























Closed Fund: The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia Fund Class A was closed on June 17, 2016, and its assets were merged into The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America. Visit  The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America Fund Class A page for fund information.
        









High & Low Prices
		            







For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for TFVAX through --.
            

 TFVAX




 







Description




						Fund Objective
					

The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income exempt from regular federal and Virginia state income taxes. Its secondary objective is preservation of capital.					










Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/14/1986



 


						CUSIP
						
					
							02630C 20 6

						Fund Number
						
					
							25












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS















Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2016
			

















2007-2016
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2016








CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




01/29/16
02/01/16
$0.040286
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


02/29/16
03/01/16
$0.0390877
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.93


03/31/16
04/01/16
$0.0405419
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


04/29/16
05/02/16
$0.0407637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.01


05/31/16
06/01/16
$0.0409211
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.00


06/15/16
06/16/16
$0.0215362
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.11






2016 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.22313652


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.22313652




				 as of 6/17/16
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016




















Resources






            About Our Funds
        













Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
		



This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Thursday, August 14, 1986) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1986), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index
Lipper Virginia Municipal Debt Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the -32768.00% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Barclays Municipal Virginia Index did not exist prior to June 30, 1993. Therefore, results are measured from June 30, 1993, and are based on the corresponding value of the hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund on that date.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal: Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index is a market-value-weighted index that includes only investment-grade tax-exempt bonds that are issued from Virginia.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income




				Standard Deviation as of  (updated monthly). Annualized return as of  (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for TFVAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.



































































































































































American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia                                                ®


















TAX-EXEMPT BOND FUNDS



The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia

				®  (TFVAX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2





 
                                PRINT
                            












SUMMARY
RETURNS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
RESOURCES

























Closed Fund: The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia Fund Class A was closed on June 17, 2016, and its assets were merged into The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America. Visit  The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America Fund Class A page for fund information.
        









High & Low Prices
		            







For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for TFVAX through --.
            

 TFVAX




 







Description




						Fund Objective
					

The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income exempt from regular federal and Virginia state income taxes. Its secondary objective is preservation of capital.					










Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/14/1986



 


						CUSIP
						
					
							02630C 20 6

						Fund Number
						
					
							25












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS















Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2016
			

















2007-2016
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2016








CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




01/29/16
02/01/16
$0.040286
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


02/29/16
03/01/16
$0.0390877
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.93


03/31/16
04/01/16
$0.0405419
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


04/29/16
05/02/16
$0.0407637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.01


05/31/16
06/01/16
$0.0409211
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.00


06/15/16
06/16/16
$0.0215362
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.11






2016 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.22313652


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.22313652




				 as of 6/17/16
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016




















Resources






            About Our Funds
        













Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
		



This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Thursday, August 14, 1986) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1986), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index
Lipper Virginia Municipal Debt Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the -32768.00% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Barclays Municipal Virginia Index did not exist prior to June 30, 1993. Therefore, results are measured from June 30, 1993, and are based on the corresponding value of the hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund on that date.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal: Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index is a market-value-weighted index that includes only investment-grade tax-exempt bonds that are issued from Virginia.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income




				Standard Deviation as of  (updated monthly). Annualized return as of  (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for TFVAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.



































































































































































American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia                                                ®


















TAX-EXEMPT BOND FUNDS



The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia

				®  (TFVAX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2





 
                                PRINT
                            












SUMMARY
RETURNS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
RESOURCES

























Closed Fund: The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia Fund Class A was closed on June 17, 2016, and its assets were merged into The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America. Visit  The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America Fund Class A page for fund information.
        









High & Low Prices
		            







For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for TFVAX through --.
            

 TFVAX




 







Description




						Fund Objective
					

The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income exempt from regular federal and Virginia state income taxes. Its secondary objective is preservation of capital.					










Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/14/1986



 


						CUSIP
						
					
							02630C 20 6

						Fund Number
						
					
							25












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS















Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2016
			

















2007-2016
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2016








CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




01/29/16
02/01/16
$0.040286
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


02/29/16
03/01/16
$0.0390877
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.93


03/31/16
04/01/16
$0.0405419
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


04/29/16
05/02/16
$0.0407637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.01


05/31/16
06/01/16
$0.0409211
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.00


06/15/16
06/16/16
$0.0215362
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.11






2016 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.22313652


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.22313652




				 as of 6/17/16
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016




















Resources






            About Our Funds
        













Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
		



This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Thursday, August 14, 1986) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1986), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index
Lipper Virginia Municipal Debt Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the -32768.00% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Barclays Municipal Virginia Index did not exist prior to June 30, 1993. Therefore, results are measured from June 30, 1993, and are based on the corresponding value of the hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund on that date.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal: Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index is a market-value-weighted index that includes only investment-grade tax-exempt bonds that are issued from Virginia.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income




				Standard Deviation as of  (updated monthly). Annualized return as of  (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for TFVAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.



































































































































































American Funds®






Home



OTHER SITES











Close x









Institutions & Consultants


Private Client Services







Individual Investors


Financial Advisors





Employers & Plan Sponsors


Third-Party Administrators




More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠


Capital Group sites







Close x









Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Canada
United States




Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other






More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Private Markets


American Funds sites





INDIVIDUAL INVESTORS



American Funds


Individual Investors
Financial Advisors
Employers & Plan Sponsors
Third-Party Administrators
Institutions & Consultants
Private Client Services


More Capital Group Sites

Capital Group Worldwide (corporate site)
Capital Ideas℠





Capital Group





Americas
Asia Pacific
Europe




Back
Canada
United States




Back
Australia & New Zealand
Singapore
Hong Kong
Taiwan
Japan
Rest Of Asia




Back
Austria
Luxembourg
Belgium
Netherlands
Denmark
Norway
Finland
Portugal
France
Spain
Germany
Sweden
Iceland
Switzerland
Ireland
United Kingdom
Italy
Other



More Capital Group Sites
Capital Group Worldwide
 (corporate site)

Private Markets












Welcome to American Funds

Contact Us
Preferences


Log In
LOG OUT





American Funds Investors







User Name or Account Number




Remember Me





Log in for the first time






Login Help







Login Help



New user?

Forgot password?
 
More help
 





























Forms


Search




















 
MY ACCOUNTS






										MY ACCOUNTS
									
										
										See All

Close x









ACCOUNT INFORMATION





View Portfolio


Portfolio Value History


Statements & Tax Forms











FORMS


in Service & Support





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations














 
INVESTMENTS






										INVESTMENTS
									
										
										See All

Close x








MUTUAL FUND RESEARCH





Daily Prices & Yields


Returns


Compare Funds


Prospectuses & Annual Reports











MUTUAL FUND RESOURCES





Historical Prices


Historical Distributions


Share Class Information


Symbols & Fund Numbers











OTHER INVESTMENTS


in Products





Insurance Series

































 
INSIGHTS






										INSIGHTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







CATEGORIES





Investment Insights


Market Commentary










TOPICS





The Capital Advantage


Currencies


Developed World


Dividends & Income


Emerging Markets


Global










 





Innovation


International


Macroeconomic Outlook


Taxable Bonds


United States










FEATURED












								2017 Outlook
								 

















READ















								The Capital Advantage℠
								 

















READ
















 
PRODUCTS






										PRODUCTS
									
										
										See All

Close x







INVESTMENT OPTIONS





Mutual Funds


Insurance Series



 Funds of FUnds 
Portfolio Series
Retirement Income Portfolio Series
Target Date Retirement Series

College Target Date Series













COLLEGE SAVINGS





CollegeAmerica 529 Plans


Coverdell Education Savings Plans


UGMA/UTMA Custodial Accounts










INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT





Traditional/Roth IRAs










EMPLOYER-SPONSORED RETIREMENT PLANS





401(k) Plans


403(b) Plans


SIMPLE IRAs


SEP Plans


Payroll Deduction IRAs































 
PLANNING






										PLANNING
									
										
										See All

Close x







TOPICS





Investing Fundamentals


Mutual Fund Basics


Creating a Financial Plan


Retirement Planning


College Savings


Market Fluctuations










TOOLS





Retirement Planning Calculator


Retirement Roadmap


College Savings Calculator


Traditional vs. Roth 401(k)/403(b) Analyzer










 





Spend It or Save It Calculator


Investment Calculator


Payroll Deduction Analyzer


Taxes and Inflation Calculator










FEATURED












We Believe in the Value of Advice
Discover how working with a financial professional could help improve your investment outcomes.












 
SERVICE & SUPPORT






										SERVICE & SUPPORT
									
										
										See All

Close x







HOW TO USE YOUR ACCOUNT





Buying Shares


Selling Shares


Managing Your Account


Changing Your Preferences






MORE






FORMS





Account Updates


Retirement Savings Accounts


College Savings Accounts


Beneficiary Designations










OTHER RESOURCES





Tax Center


Contact Us


Search for an Advisor






MORE










 


















Forms











MY ACCOUNTS


INVESTMENTS


INSIGHTS


PRODUCTS


PLANNING


SERVICE & SUPPORT




































Investments


/ The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia                                                ®


















TAX-EXEMPT BOND FUNDS



The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia

				®  (TFVAX)

VIEW A DIFFERENT FUND 












Share Class
 


A
C
F-1
F-2





 
                                PRINT
                            












SUMMARY
RETURNS
PRICES & DISTRIBUTIONS
RESOURCES

























Closed Fund: The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia Fund Class A was closed on June 17, 2016, and its assets were merged into The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America. Visit  The Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America Fund Class A page for fund information.
        









High & Low Prices
		            







For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the high and low prices at NAV for TFVAX through --.
            

 TFVAX




 







Description




						Fund Objective
					

The fund's primary investment objective is to provide a high level of current income exempt from regular federal and Virginia state income taxes. Its secondary objective is preservation of capital.					










Fund Facts


 


						Fund Inception
						
					
							08/14/1986



 


						CUSIP
						
					
							02630C 20 6

						Fund Number
						
					
							25












        Returns
        



	

LEARN ABOUT THE SYSTEM BEHIND OUR RESULTS















Prices & Distributions








Historical Prices Month-End


Historical Prices Year-End




FIND HISTORICAL PRICES










			  2016
			

















2007-2016
























Historical Distributions






FIND HISTORICAL DISTRIBUTIONS









2016








CalculatedDate
Pay Date
Income DividendRegular
Income DividendSpecial
Cap. GainsLong-Term
Cap. GainsShort-Term
Reinvest NAV




01/29/16
02/01/16
$0.040286
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


02/29/16
03/01/16
$0.0390877
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.93


03/31/16
04/01/16
$0.0405419
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$16.95


04/29/16
05/02/16
$0.0407637
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.01


05/31/16
06/01/16
$0.0409211
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.00


06/15/16
06/16/16
$0.0215362
$0.00
$0.00
$0.00
$17.11






2016 Year-to-Date:


Dividends Subtotal: $0.22313652


Cap Gains Subtotal: $0.00


Total Distributions: $0.22313652




				 as of 6/17/16
		






						Daily Dividend Accrual
						
						for Pay Date 

Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016


















Record Date
Calculated Date
Payment Date










 













						Current Daily
						
						Dividend Accrual
					
Close 






Rate
As-of-Date




0.00000000
06/16/2016


0.00000000
06/17/2016




















Resources






            About Our Funds
        













Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.



Excludes certain securities in initial period of acquisition.
Includes short-term securities, accrued income and other assets less liabilities.
Prior to September 30, 2016, securities in the Real Estate sector were reported under the Financials sector.
Figures include convertible securities; totals may not reconcile due to rounding. Methodology notes: The equity breakdown by revenue reflects the fund’s publicly traded equity holdings and excludes cash (and fixed income securities, if applicable). Underlying revenue data were compiled by MSCI and account for disparities in the way companies report their revenues across geographic segments. MSCI breaks out each company’s reported revenues into country-by-country estimates. MSCI provides revenue data figures based on a proprietary, standardized model. Revenue exposure at the fund and index level was calculated by using FactSet, which takes these company revenue exposures and multiplies by the company’s weighting in the portfolio and index. In this breakdown, Israel has been included in Europe.
Calculated by American Funds. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by Morningstar.
Calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.
The months indicated for dividends and capital gains paid represent the anticipated current year ex-dividend date schedule for all share classes.
Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
Read more information about Morningstar Style Box methodology. The model for the fixed-income style box is based on the two pillars of fixed-income performance: interest-rate sensitivity and credit quality. The three interest sensitivity groups are limited, moderate and extensive and the three credit quality groups are high, medium and low. These groupings display a portfolio's effective duration and third party credit ratings to provide an overall representation of the fund's risk orientation given the sensitivity to interest rate and credit rating of bonds in the portfolio.



©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Some of the information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar, its content providers nor the American Funds are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. Information is calculated by Morningstar. Due to differing calculation methods, the figures shown here may differ from those calculated by American Funds.





Terms and Definitions


Beta: Beta relatively measures a fund's sensitivity to market movements over a specified period of time. The beta of the market (represented by the benchmark index) is equal to 1; a beta higher than 1 implies that a fund's return was more volatile than the market. A beta lower than 1 suggests that the fund was less volatile than the market. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. 
Bond Statistic  Average Coupon: The average coupon is the weighted average coupon rate of all the bonds in the fund.
Bond Statistic  Average Duration in Years: Expressed in years, average duration is a weighted average of the estimated price sensitivity of the bonds in the fund's portfolio to a given change in interest rates. With respect to individual bonds, for example, a duration of 4 years indicates that the price of a bond will rise/fall by approximately 4% if rates in general fall/rise by 1%. Typically, bonds with a longer duration pay higher interest but are more sensitive to interest rate changes.
Bond Statistic  Average Life in Years: Expressed in years, average life is time weighting the expected principal payments, taking into consideration the impact of calls and prepayments. In general, it is a better measure than average maturity for bonds that have the ability to prepay principal before they reach maturity (e.g., mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities). Data shown is a weighted average of the bond funds held in the fund's portfolio.
Bond Statistic  Average Yield to Maturity: A weighted average of all the fund's bond holding's yield to maturities. Yield to maturity is the return a bond earns if held to maturity, based on its price and coupon. Assumes that coupon payments can be reinvested at the yield to maturity.
Capture Ratio  Downside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Capture Ratio  Upside: Capture ratios reflect the annualized product of fund vs. index returns for all months in which the index had a positive return (upside capture) or negative return (downside capture).
Distribution rate  12-month: The income per share paid by the fund over the past 12 months to an investor from dividends (including any special dividends). The distribution rate is expressed as a percentage of the current price.
Historical  Long-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate. The information above classifies gain from the sale or exchange of a capital asset held for more than one year as a long-term capital gain.
Historical  Regular Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
Historical  Short-Term Capital Gains: When a capital gain distribution is paid, the net asset value per share is reduced by the amount of the payment plus or minus any change in the value of the fund's holdings. Read our explanation of the effect of a capital gain on a fund's price for details. Two types of capital gains are realized by our funds — short-term and long-term. Net short-term capital gains are distributed to shareholders as income dividends and are taxed at ordinary income tax rates. Long-term capital gain distributions are taxed at a maximum 15% rate.
Historical  Special Dividend: The share prices of all of our equity funds decrease when a dividend is paid. The share price of only one of our fixed-income funds, Capital World Bond Fund, also decreases when a dividend is paid. A fund pays a special dividend when the investment income generated by the fund exceeds the income the fund has paid in the form of dividends throughout the year. Special dividends are distributed with the last dividend payment at the end of the calendar year. Prior to January 1, 2003, short-term capital gains distributed to shareholders as income dividends and special dividends paid to shareholders were included in the aggregate income dividend dollar amount.
R-Squared: R-squared is a measure of the correlation between a particular fund's return and that of its benchmark index. A measure of 100 indicates that all of the fund's return can be explained by movements in its benchmark. Generally the higher the R-squared measure, the more reliable the beta measurement will be. Calculated by Morningstar.
Standard Deviation: Annualized standard deviation (based on monthly returns) is a common measure of absolute volatility that tells how returns over time have varied from the mean. A lower number signifies lower volatility. Calculated by Morningstar.

















×

Growth of $10K
 | 
			  				Annual Returns
 |
			  			  Volatility & Returns







Growth of a hypothetical $10,000 investment
		



This chart tracks a Class A share investment over the last 20 years, or, since inception date if the fund has been in existence under 20 years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)


Dividends Taken in Cash
Dividend Reinvested














Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .
















Annual Returns
	



Read important investment disclosures

For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the total returns since the fund's inception date (Thursday, August 14, 1986) through December 31, 2016.  Fund returns and, if available, index returns are for calendar years except for the inception year (1986), which may not be a full calendar year. In cases where the index was launched after the fund inception, the index returns are shown in calender years.


 The Tax-Exempt Fund of Virginia (TFVAX)
 
Index 




Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index
Lipper Virginia Municipal Debt Funds Average
















Figures shown are past results and are not predictive of results in future periods. Current and future results may be lower or higher than those shown. Share prices and returns will vary, so investors may lose money. Investing for short periods makes losses more likely. View fund expense ratios and returns.
Returns shown at net asset value (NAV) have all distributions reinvested. If a sales charge had been deducted, the results would have been lower.
Returns with sales charge for Class A shares reflect payment of the -32768.00% maximum sales charge.
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund prospectuses and summary prospectuses, which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing.
The return of principal for bond funds and for funds with significant underlying bond holdings is not guaranteed. Fund shares are subject to the same interest rate, inflation and credit risks associated with the underlying bond holdings. Lower rated bonds are subject to greater fluctuations in value and risk of loss of income and principal than higher rated bonds.
For more information about the risks associated with each fund, go to its detailed fund information page or read the prospectus.
State-specific tax-exempt funds are more susceptible to factors adversely affecting issuers of their states' tax-exempt securities than more widely diversified municipal bond funds. Income from municipal bonds may be subject to state or local income taxes and/or the federal alternative minimum tax. Certain other income, as well as capital gain distributions, may be taxable.
There may have been periods when the fund(s) lagged the index(es). Certain market indexes are unmanaged and, therefore, have no expenses. Investors cannot invest directly in an index.
Investment results assume all distributions are reinvested and reflect applicable fees and expenses.
When applicable, investment results reflect fee waivers and/or expense reimbursements, without which results would have been lower. Read details about how waivers and/or reimbursements affect the results for each fund. View results and yields without fee waiver and/or expense reimbursement
  .



Barclays Municipal Virginia Index did not exist prior to June 30, 1993. Therefore, results are measured from June 30, 1993, and are based on the corresponding value of the hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund on that date.
YTD (year-to-date return): the net change in the value of the fund's shares (in percentage terms) from January 1, 2017, to the current date shown above.
For bond funds, the maximum initial sales charge was 4.75% prior to 1/10/2000.








Terms and Definitions


Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal: Bloomberg Barclays Virginia Municipal Index is a market-value-weighted index that includes only investment-grade tax-exempt bonds that are issued from Virginia.









Volatility & Returns



For Class A Shares, this chart tracks the 10-year standard deviation  and 10-year annualized return of the  fixed income funds.


Fixed-Income




				Standard Deviation as of  (updated monthly). Annualized return as of  (updated monthly). 
			

Volatility & Return chart is not available for funds less than 10 years old.



















×
Download Data for TFVAX




Some statistics may not be available for all fund (e.g., Top Equity Holdings for Bond funds). Data presented in Excel .xls format.


In the unlikely event that a correction is made for fund data you are downloading, a notification will be sent to the e-mail address specified below.


Downloaded data for advisor use only.






How is my email used?


DOWNLOAD
Cancel



×

Why we need your e-mail address: This is a precautionary measure we are taking to ensure that we can notify you in the unlikely event that a correction is needed for the data you are downloading.
We value your privacy: The e-mail address you provide will only be used for communications from American Funds. We will not sell or rent your e-mail address to any third-party entity.
Changing your e-mail address: To change the e-mail address for data change notifications, delete the existing e-mail address and retype the new address in the text box. (Your e-mail address may be pre-filled if you have previously provided American Funds with this information.)
Note: Updating your e-mail address on this page will not affect your primary email address.














































































