






Sanjeev Agarwal, GE Power India Ltd: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  





















Feedback





Sanjeev Agarwal

MD:Boiler Product Line,
GE Power India Ltd






Career History




MD:Boiler Product Line
GE Power India Ltd, 9/2016-PRESENT


MD:Boiler Product Line
Alstom India Ltd, UNKNOWN-9/2016


Mng Dir:Auxiliaries (India)
Alstom India Ltd, FORMER


Managing Director:Power Mills
Alstom India Ltd, FORMER


Show More







Corporate Information
Address:



Phone:
-


Fax:
-











From The Web












Memberships



Board Memberships




GE Power India Ltd


Board Member, 5/2017-PRESENT









Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data































 






Sanjeev Aggarwal, Vice President, Manufacturing & Process Technology, Everspin Technologies


























&timesJavascript is disabled
























Market Profiles



Login
Sign up



Login


Sign up








 







 Edit

Person













Sanjeev Aggarwal



Vice President, Manufacturing & Process Technology
at
Everspin Technologies


Location: Phoenix, Arizona Area





Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop









Sanjeev Aggarwal



Vice President, Manufacturing & Process Technology
at
Everspin Technologies


Location: Phoenix, Arizona Area




Add to My Lists

Claim

Share


Copy the following code on your page/blog


Suggested widget size



Mobile



Desktop




Sanjeev leads Everspin’s manufacturing team to ensure product simplification and cost effectiveness of Toggle MRAM integrated on 0.18 and 0.13 micron silicon. His team also is responsible for process development of Spin-Torque MRAM and its integration on CMOS at 90nm and future nodes. Prior to Everspin, he was senior member Technical Staff at Freescale Semiconductor and led the integration efforts for Toggle MRAM development.
Before joining Freescale, Sanjeev was member Group Technical Staff at Texas Instruments where he played a lead role in the process development and commercialization of embedded ferroelectric memories and contributed to TI’s 90nm and 45nm BEOL metallization processes. He received the Technical Excellence Award in recognition of his contributions to bringing ferroelectric memories from R&D to product. As a research professor at University of Maryland, Sanjeev’s work focused on correlating thin film deposition technique, microstructure and reliability of ferroelectric memory devices.
Sanjeev has authored 30 patents, more than 100 publications and numerous invited presentations. He has served as the technical program chair for ISIF and the ferroelectric symposium at MRS. He graduated from Cornell University with a doctorate in Materials Science and Engineering in 1996.



3

Companies in Career





N/A

Related Markets





4

Colleagues





1

Related Investments








Alias
N/A



Industry
Semiconductor and Related Device Manufacturing




Tags
CVD, Process Engineering, Semiconductors




Topics of Influence












N/A







N/A



























Careers








Achievements








Investments








Related People






 Edit
View all 



Sanjeev AggarwalCareer (4)






Feb-2010




Everspin Technologies



Vice President, Manufacturing & Process Technology







Jun-2008 to Mar-2010




Everspin Technologies



Director, Process Technology and Manufacturing







2006 to May-2008




Freescale Semiconductor



Senior Member Technical Staff







2000 to Aug-2006




Texas Instruments



Member, Group Technical Staff








Competencies










 Edit
View all 



Sanjeev AggarwalEducation






1996



Cornell University


Materials Science and Engineering









 Edit



Sanjeev AggarwalAchievements and Recognitions





Add Milestone


No milestones has been recorded for Sanjeev Aggarwal






 Edit



Sanjeev AggarwalLinks





Add Link


No links has been recorded for Sanjeev Aggarwal









Sanjeev AggarwalInvestments/Acquisitions





No investments has been recorded for Sanjeev Aggarwal






View all 



Sanjeev AggarwalInvestments Representing Others









lead
Axtria

Representing: Helion Venture Partners



Since Jul-2015


Series: C

Company status: PRIVATE










Sanjeev AggarwalRelated People








Colleagues at Everspin Technologies







Angelo Ugge

VP Business Development
Jul-2014









Scott Emley

Vice President of Marketing
May-2014









Terry Hulett

Vice President, Systems Engineering and GM Storage Solutions
Oct-2013









Glen Liang

VP of Operations
Jan-2011












View all 



Sanjeev AggarwalRecommended Market Profiles (2)








Storage IPO (2016)

100 - 250 employees
1 company








Storage IPO (2016)

100 - 250 employees
1 company


















Forbes WelcomeCLOSE   More Options   Quote of the Day  Learning never exhausts the mind. Leonardo da Vinci    





Nandan Nilekani, Sanjeev Aggarwal launch a ‘for entrepreneurs, by entrepreneurs’ fund























































































































































Startups
SocialStory
HerStory
Resources
Research
Events
Newsletters




Investors
YS TV
YS Profiles
In Depth
Team YS
Testimonials















                                                                            YourStory brings to you stories of entreprenuers and small business from all over India
                                                                        

read
                                                                                more 




                                                                            YourStory's venture capital database lets you discover emerging startups and search & analyze companies
                                                                        

read
                                                                                more 




                                                                            We conceptualize, create, and distribute the best brand experiences for startups, investors, corporates and governmen bodies.

                                                                        

read
                                                                                more 





























About
Careers
FAQs
Contact





















Just In

2-min read


Nandan Nilekani, Sanjeev Aggarwal launch a ‘for entrepreneurs, by entrepreneurs’ fund











Team YS


03 July 2017


 shares
                            



































The $100-million fund will cater to customer-focused startups where the product-market fit has already been established.Infosys co-founder and Aadhaar man Nandan Nilekani has joined hands with former Helion Ventures’ Co-founder Sanjeev Aggarwal to set up a new advanced-stage fund called the Fundamentum Partnership.The fund will invest in startups aiming to use technology to solve uniquely Indian problems. Investments will be long-term—10 years and beyond—with a focus on building value.Infosys Co-founder and former UIDAI Chairman Nandan Nilekani.“It will lead investment rounds from $10 to $25 million in companies that have attained the product-market fit, have an initial momentum and are looking to scale up,” Fundamentum said in a statement.






The fund will start with a corpus of $100 million, which can go up to $200 million, raised mostly from entrepreneurs, many of whom are unicorn founders themselves.Given the collective expertise of the members, there will also be an active focus on mentoring and guiding the portfolio companies by the entrepreneur-investors as well as by Nandan and Sanjeev.From now on, Nandan said his engagement with the startup world will be only through Fundamentum.“India continues to be blessed with phenomenal entrepreneurial talent and the attempt with this platform will be to see how we can amplify their success,” he said.
The fund’s portfolio will also include Nandan’s current investments such as Railyatri, Sedemac, ShopX and Mubble, while Sanjeev will continue to be on the boards of Helion companies such as BigBasket and Shopclues.“While India has earned recognition as a startup nation, it is as yet an unproven scale up nation… with Fundamentum we want to help build a much-needed ‘scale up’ ecosystem in the country,” said Sanjeev.BigBasket human resources head Hari TN and former Infosys executive Sanjay Purohit will be advisors to the fund and work closely with the portfolio companies.









 shares
                                    







































Calling all tech startups to apply to the Oracle Startup Cloud Accelerator centers in Bangalore, Delhi-NCR , Mumbai and Singapore. Selected startups get free cloud credits, access to Oracle's 400,000+ customers and partners, mentorship and much more. Applications closing shortly. Apply Now.






Responses









Related Topics



 angel networks




 eCommerce




- Spriha Chokhani




- Zarin Malva




.mobi




.NET




'I Love Paani'




'Lessons from the Playground'




'MobileFirst for iOS Garage




'OLX Ideathon 2015'







About the author





Team YS












































 RelatedWhat's NewSocial StoryHerStoryYS TVGermany Trending  #HerStory#SocialStory#InDepth  Refresh
              Stories
              Tissot  Sponsored   Are you creating your own definition of success? Tissot’s Signature Innovators Club calls for nominations
                Verisign  Sponsored   Go big with .com/.net
                 







Aggarwal Food Product - Manufacturer from New Delhi, India | About Us




























Aggarwal Food Product New Delhi, Delhi 










+91-8045385897







Send E-mail















Home»About Us
Aggarwal Food ProductIncepted in the year 2005, Aggarwal Food Products had appeared as one of the trusted Manufacturer and Supplier of food products. We offer our clients Delicious Namkeen, Tasty Snacks, Jaggery Sweets, Soan Papdi and Roasted Chana. These food products are manufactured at our premises using best-quality ingredients, natural pesticides in order to offer our customers optimal quality food products. Our expert personnel work in close synchronization with the customers to understand their exact demands and requirements. Furthermore, our offered food products are highly valued in the market for their freshness, rich taste, high protein contents, safe to consume, high nutritional value and hygiene.   We are acknowledged for formulating the high-grade food products in agreement with set quality standards. Our personnel make use of best-quality ingredients and modern techniques to manufacture these food products. For checking the optimal quality of these food products, our quality engineers specifically follow strict quality methods at every stage of production process. Our skilled employees specifically make these products as per the set quality restraints and clients wants. Under the direction of Mr. Sanjeev Aggarwal, we are able to place a strong position in this domain. His smart managerial skills and innovative ideas have allowed us to acquire huge appreciation from customers.


Factsheet




Basic InformationNature of BusinessManufacturerAdditional BusinessSupplierCompany CEOSanjeev AggarwalYear of Establishment2005Legal Status of FirmProprietorship FirmStatutory ProfilePan No.AHPPA*****Central Sales Tax No.07926923018CValue Added Tax Registration No.07926923018VPackaging/Payment and Shipment DetailsPayment ModeCashCredit CardChequeDDInvoiceOnlineShipment ModeBy Road









Quality AssuranceWe are assisted with experienced professionals, which help us to improve our honored clients quality assured food products. The food materials that we used, are acquired from specialized and trustworthy source of the industry. Our food products are manufactured using best-quality constituents and other associated compounds by our professionals. These food products are tested by our quality engineers in conformation with the global quality principles and guidelines.
 
ResourcesOur company has the perfect resources for procuring, preserving, and supplying the products to the clients in their perfect condition. We own a quick transport system for procuring and supplying the products from normal to bulk quantities, spacious warehouse, and quality testing technology.
 
Why UsWe have been able to make a position for ourselves by presenting best quality food products. Our food products are manufactured at our well-equipped premises in stern tandem with global norm and deliver most auspicious performance to the customers. We have become the favorable choice of the customers due to our best quality as well as quantity of products. Some major causes for being the preferred choice of customers are: Highly 	skilled staffAbility 	to meet bulk ordersEthical 	business practicesOn-time 	product deliveriesStern 	quality controlClear 	dealingsInexpensive 	prices
 
Our TeamOur team possesses administrative executive, client servicing staff, quality inspectors, warehouse managers, skilled and unskilled labors, and transporters or suppliers. Our staff is hired on the grounds of their experience, qualification, and talent. We deal in food products so we take every step in our company keeping quality of products in mind.
 
Our Sister ConcernsA unit of Aggarwal Traders.
 




Tell Us What Are You Looking For?


    Website:
From:Processing...From:



Products

Soya Chips
Soya Namkeen
Roasted Namkeen
Gujrati Namkeen
Roasted Chana


South Indian Snacks

Lite Snacks

Chivda Namkeen

Gajak And Rewari
View All »

 

Reach Us
Aggarwal Food Product
Gmap
Aggarwal Food Product
C-166, Okhla Industrial Area, Phase-1, New Delhi-110020, Delhi, India
Sanjeev Aggarwal ( CEO )
+91-8045385897Call Response Rate: 49%
Send SMS 
Send E-MAIL
Our Company
About Us Products Sitemap Contact Us















X





Sanjeev Agrawal - AngelList
































































Join
 
Log In







AngelList


Startup Jobs

Recruit

Invest

More





Companies

Freelancers

Incubators

Track

Salaries
Valuations

Help











Your Alumni Network








Companies

Freelancers

Incubators

Track

Salaries
Valuations

Help











































Sanjeev Agrawal






President, Healthcare & CMO @LeanTaaS, Head of Product Marketing @Google, CEO @Aloqa (acq Motorola), VP Products @Tellme (acq Microsoft), MIT alum







Angel



San Francisco



Massachusetts Institu...




leantaas.com





445 Connections



















There was a problem loading your content.


















Sanjeev Agrawal



Log in
or
sign up
to find connections to Sanjeev.





Connect












Investments

















Experience








Exit





CollegeFeed


Founder












LeanTaaS


Founder












CollegeFeed


Employee












Google


Employee












Aloqa


Employee












McKinsey & Company


Employee












Cisco


Employee












Tellme Networks


Employee












Collegefeed Ventures


Advisor












Vahan


Advisor


Sanjeev is one of the few former Googler I know that knows how to grow a business via direct sales. His feedback and suggestions have been immensely helpful in getting us to know our model users, to figure... more our our sales channels and to line up a plan of attack on our market. 
Mohammed Abdoolcarim












CollegeBacker


Advisor












HiveVoyant


Advisor












SPOTS


Advisor












Flipgigs


Advisor












Touchmoon


Advisor


One of the smartest guys in the space.
Igor Ostriz












WikiSeer


Board Member








Founder

CollegeFeed, 
LeanTaaS



Employee

Tellme Networks, 
Cisco, 
Google, 
CollegeFeed, 
McKinsey & Company, 
Aloqa



Investor

 



Syndicator

 



Incubator

 



Advisor

CollegeBacker, 
Vahan, 
Collegefeed Ventures, 
Touchmoon, 
SPOTS, 
Flipgigs, 
HiveVoyant



Attorney

 



Board Member

WikiSeer



Mentor

 



Member

 



Acquired

 



Customer

 



Service Provider

 










Education














Projects







1











iQueue for Infusion Centers


 Reduce Wait Times through Optimized Infusion Scheduling


iQueue for Infusion Centers is a lightweight, cloud-based SaaS platform that helps flatten chair utilization throughout the day to increase patient access,… · More decrease wait times, improve nurse satisfaction, and reduce infusion delivery costs.- Decrease wait times by as much as 50% at peak to significantly increase patient satisfaction- Provide access to as many as 20%+ more patients without adding facilities, staff or operating hours- Reduce overtime hours by as much as 50%+- Increase staff satisfaction by leveling nurse and staff workload- Delay the need for investment in additional chairs and new infrastructure- Increase per chair annual revenue by as much as $20,000.- Amplify the business impact of EMR, BI and Lean/Six Sigma investments providers have already made.The HIPAA-compliant, non-invasive cloud-based SaaS platform coexists with any EHR systems and integrates seamlessly with existing scheduling and operational workflows.More than a third of the 26 NCCN Cancer Centers, dozens of NCI-designated Cancer Centers and Community Cancer Centers all rely on iQueue to lower wait times, increase patient volumes, improve staff satisfaction, and deliver better care at a lower cost.












1











iQueue for Operating Rooms


Improve OR Performance with Smart Block Scheduling


iQueue for Operating Rooms is a lightweight, cloud-based SaaS platform that mines OR case data to objectively optimize block schedules by matching the supply… · More with demand for block time. The solution also provides actionable transparency to key metrics for surgeons and admins, and creates a block exchange platform that makes it easy for surgeons to release blocks they don't need, and to request additional blocks. The solution consists of four modules:1. Mobile Block Exchange makes it easy for surgeons to release and request blocks from their mobile device. UCHealth reports a 16% increase in utilization of block released through Mobile Block Exchange; a 3-5% improvement in a single OR’s utilization yields an additional $500,000 in annual revenue.2. Smart Performance Tracker provides timely and actionable access to key performance metrics and issues personalized alerts to guide surgeons on when to release blocks and improve utilization.3. Smart Block Allocation ensures the right surgeon gets the right block on the right day of the week, leading to an additional $250,000 per OR per year.4. Smart Staffing creates an optimized monthly/quarterly staffing plan and “what-if” tools to minimize overall cost balancing, idle time and overtime, resulting in a 10% reduction in labor costs.The HIPAA-compliant, non-invasive, cloud-based SaaS platform coexists with any EHR systems and seamlessly integrates with existing OR scheduling and operational workflows.

















About










What I Do






Coaching especially for mobile and consumer internet and sit on 2 advisory boards. Also, love to teach kids squash and math, am an education counselor for MIT.  


Describe what you have done, what you are doing, and the kinds of things you are interested in.









What I'm Looking For






Large market, deep technology, good team.


Describe what you're looking for in a company.









Locations






North America
Los Gatos
Mountain View









Markets






Mobile
Consumer Internet

















References










“


One of the smartest guys in the space.


 













Igor Ostriz · TouchmoonFor Sanjeev Agrawal's work with Touchmoon
Senior System Architect and iOS mobile developer with 10+ years of relevant experience. 
Co-founder of Touchmoon => https://angel.co/touchmoon.















“


Sanjeev is one of the few former Googler I know that knows how to grow a business via direct sales. His feedback and suggestions have been immensely helpful in getting us to know our model users, to figure our our sales channels and to line up a plan of attack on our market.


 













Mohammed Abdoolcarim · VahanFor Sanjeev Agrawal's work with Vahan
Founder @Vahan  • Worked at @Google, @Siri, @Apple @GoButler • Studied at @Stanford University. 






















People also viewed












Gokul Rajaram


Product Engineering Lead at Square....











Jay Desai


@patientping founder, health tech...












Alexis Ringwald


Chairman & Cofounder  @learnup -...











Neeraj Arora


VP at @whatsapp, previously M&A at...












Madhav Krishna


Founder & CEO at @vahan-1. Worked at...











Rajendra Prasad Gujja












Christopher Baker Product Manager at New Relic Computer Software


Quality-driven senior product...











Rashmi Nalwad


Computer Science Grad Student at...





























Help
·
Directory
·
Blog
Twitter
·
Terms & Risks
·
Unsubscribe

·
Mobile



·
Desktop


·

Profile not verified










Sanjeev Industrial Corporation









HomeProfileGroupService CenterProductsCustomer Feedback Contacts














 





















Our Profile 
 




We are one of the leading distributors of  TATA STEEL Ltd. in Haryana.  Our office is situated at B-147-149 Nehru Ground NIT Faridabad (Haryana).  We are an ISO certified company and our product is the first and only branded Cold Rolled Steel “Steelium” in the world (CRCA Steel Strips/Sheets). 

                          We are also distributors of HR/HRPO coils, sheets and plates from Tata Steel under the brand of "Tata Astrum"


Business Profile



Distributor Name: Rajeev Aggarwal/ Sanjeev Aggarwal 
Territory: Haryana 
Association with Tata Steel: 30 years 
Gross Turnover with Tata Steel: 250 crores
Tata Steel Brands dealing with: Steelium & Astrum
Other Steel Business: HR Coils/Plates/HRPO/HRSPO 
Service Capability: CTS, Slit Coils, JIT, Small Lots, Odd Sizes, Self Owned Transport



Personal Profile



1st Generation 
                              Mr Rajeev Aggarwal 
                              Mr.Sanjeev Aggarwal 


2nd Generation
                              Abhishek Aggarwal 
                              Sudeep Aggarwal



Managerial traits : Young, Educated, Enthusiastic, Strong Team, Good  HR practices,Assertive
                          Ours is a strong motivated team which over the years under the able leadership of our mentors Mr.Rajeev & Sanjeev Aggarwal has transformed itself  from  being traders to able channel partners of Tata Steel.





CODE OF CONDUCT




 Since 1978, Sanjeev Industrial Corporation. has been a responsible and successful enterprise that focuses on providing Genuine Value to customers, employees, suppliers and the communities where we do business. Sanjeev Industrial Corporation is guided by its core values of integrity, quality, innovation and commitment as it delivers Performance that Endures. 


 
 


KEY EXPECTATIONS
 



GIFTS AND GRATUITIES
                        Sanjeev Industrial Corporation and its employees are not permitted to accept gifts from current or potential suppliers and neither gives gifts to customers. This includes gifts of nominal value. Although giving gifts is acceptable in some cultures, Sanjeev Industrial Corporation requests that suppliers respect its policy of not accepting gifts.
 IMPROPER PAYMENTS
                      Sanjeev Industrial Corporation conducts business with high integrity and within the bounds of the law. Bribes, kickbacks and similar payments to government officials, Sanjeev Industrial Corporation employees or agents acting on Sanjeev Industrial Corporation ' behalf are strictly prohibited. This prohibition also applies in areas where such activity may not violate local law. 
CHILD LABOR
 Sanjeev Industrial Corporation will not engage in or support the use of child labor. Suppliers are also expected to comply with applicable local child labor laws and employ only workers who meet the applicable minimum legal age requirement for their location. In the absence of local law, suppliers shall not employ children under the age of 14.
 FORCED LABOR
 Sanjeev Industrial Corporation will not engage in or support the use of forced or involuntary labor. Sanjeev Industrial Corporation. will not purchase material or services from a supplier utilizing forces or involuntary labor. 
COMPENSATION AND WORKING HOURS
                      Sanjeev Industrial Corporation pays employees a competitive wage as per Minimum wage act. 
DISCRIMINATION
                      Sanjeev Industrial Corporation supports diversity and equal opportunity in employment. Unlawful discrimination in the workplace is not tolerated. 
ENVIRONMENT
                      Sanjeev Industrial Corporation respects the environment and conducts its operations in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. 
HEALTH AND SAFETY
                      Sanjeev Industrial Corporation is committed to the safety and health of its employees and conducts its operations in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and provides a safe working environment that supports accident prevention and minimizes exposure to health risks. Suppliers are also expected to comply with all applicable safety and health laws and regulations. 
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
                      Sanjeev Industrial Corporation is dedicated to complying with applicable laws concerning proprietary, confidential and personal information. Suppliers are expected to comply with all applicable laws and regulations governing the protection, use and disclosure of information.

 


 
 












Menus



Way Ahead 



Events 



Achievements 



Quality Policy



Our Team



Job Opportunities



Tata Steelium Links




 






 


© Copyright Sanjeev Industrial Corporation 2011


 















Sanjeev Aggarwal, Ph.D. | Everspin
















Skip to main content









Toggle navigation












 


Home
About Everspin
Executive Management
Sanjeev Aggarwal, Ph.D.
 Sanjeev Aggarwal, Ph.D.






About Everspin

Our Company
Executive Management
Board of Directors
Headquarters Location
Manufacturing Locations
UN Global Compact Membership



 






 
Sanjeev leads Everspin’s manufacturing team to ensure product simplification and cost effectiveness of Toggle MRAM integrated on 0.18 and 0.13 micron silicon. His team also is responsible for process development of Spin-Torque MRAM and its integration on CMOS at 90nm and future nodes. Prior to Everspin, he was senior member Technical Staff at Freescale Semiconductor and led the integration efforts for Toggle MRAM development.  Before joining Freescale, Sanjeev was member Group Technical Staff at Texas Instruments where he played a lead role in the process development and commercialization of embedded ferroelectric memories and contributed to TI's 90nm and 45nm BEOL metallization processes. He received the Technical Excellence Award in recognition of his contributions to bringing ferroelectric memories from R&D to product. As a research professor at University of Maryland, Sanjeev’s work focused on correlating thin film deposition technique, microstructure and reliability of ferroelectric memory devices.  Sanjeev has authored 30 patents, more than 100 publications and numerous invited presentations. He has served as the technical program chair for ISIF and the ferroelectric symposium at MRS. He graduated from Cornell University with a doctorate in Materials Science and Engineering in 1996.
Download H-Res Photo 













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















 






















Dr. Sanjeev Aggarwal, MD | Gainesville, VA | Radiation Oncologist























Professionals
doctorsttcqeayetrwczwezdueawsrsbdyr
dentists
podiatrists
chiropractors
optometrists




Facilities
pharmacies
nursing homes
urgent care
hospitals
group practices




Patient Education
care guides
well informed center




corporate
about us
SmartShopper
VitalsChoice
advertise with us
careers





















Find






Location








Menu











            Dr. Sanjeev Aggarwal MD


phone number
read reviews






















ADVERTISEMENT


























ADVERTISEMENT




















ADVERTISEMENT













Dr. Sanjeev Aggarwal
Is this you?


                                Update your information here.
                            





The Vitals website is provided for your informational use only. Nothing contained or offered by, on or through Vitals should be construed as medical advice or relied upon for medical diagnosis or treatment. Vitals does not recommend or endorse any particular healthcare provider whose information or ratings appear on this website. We encourage you to read our full Terms of Service.








ADVERTISEMENT


























Dr. Sanjeev Aggarwal MD 







Radiation Oncology Gainesville, VA



read reviews
phone number









summary
patient reviews
locations & directions
insurances
credentials







Patient Reviews
Reviews reflect patients' level of satisfaction with the care they received from this provider. Dr. Sanjeev Aggarwal xhas an overall rating of 3.9.







3.9
 








7 patient ratings3 comments





Have you seen Dr. Sanjeev Aggarwal before? 



write a review read reviews





About
Dr. Sanjeev Aggarwal, MD is a Doctor primarily located in Gainesville, VA. He has 23 years of experience. His specialties include Radiation Oncology.                    Dr. Aggarwal is affiliated with                            Georgetown Univ. Hospital,                            Prince William Hosp and                            Fauquier Hosp.
                 He speaks English.



                            3
                        

Awards





                              Patients rate and review their physicians based on criteria of care including bedside manner, doctor-patient face time, and degree of follow-up. Patients also provide their doctor with an overall ratings. Vitals analyzes these ratings annually, along with other quality measures, to identify and award the top physicians.
                            
View all






                            1
                        

Language

                                Find out the languages this doctor/ or staff may speak.
                            
View all






                            1
                        

Education

                                Learn where this doctor attended medical school.
                            
View all









ADVERTISEMENT








Specialties & ExpertiseDr. Sanjeev Aggarwal has the following 9 areas of expertise,  1 specialty and 1 board certification.                     Radiation Oncology
    A radiation oncologist is a physician who specializes in the use of nuclear medicine in diagnosing and treating cancer in a patient.


    These doctors work in concert with other cancer specialists in order to determine the best form of treatment for a specific patient. Radiation oncologists are in charge of determining the correct dose of radiation to be used in treatments like radiotherapy and chemotherapy, as well as the appropriate amount of time that radiation should be administered in order to maximize the therapeutic benefits.




                                9
                            

Expertise

                                    See areas of expertise for treating specific conditions, procedures and surgeries for this doctor.
                                
View all






                                1
                            

Board Certification

                                  See the board certifications this doctor has received. Board certifications provide confidence that this doctor meets the nationally recognized standards for education, knowledge and experience.                                
View all









ADVERTISEMENT











Health Guides






Prostate Cancer


Get the facts about prostate cancer, including the different types and which doctors treat it.

view care guide





more health guides


Lung Cancer
Cancer








Locations & Directions











The Cancer Center at Lake Manassas
7901 Lake Manassas Dr
Gainesville, VA 20155

Phone Number
Get Directions







Nearby Doctors Dr. Sanjeev Aggarwal, MD is similar to these 3 Doctors near Gainesville, VA.






Dr. Moira Sutton 



Gainesville, VA


3.7 











View Profile







Dr. Anu Gupta 



Manassas, VA


3.5 








25 Years Experience 


View Profile







Dr. Gregory Sibley 



Fairfax, VA


4.5 








27 Years Experience 


View Profile












ADVERTISEMENT






















ADVERTISEMENT
















Have you visited Dr. Sanjeev Aggarwal
Share your experience










By clicking a star above, I agree to the Terms of Use and verify that I have received treatment from this doctor.



I haven't visited this doctor yet.
Continue






 
Home
>            
Find a Radiation Oncologist
>            
VA
>            
Gainesville Radiation Oncologists
>            Dr. Sanjeev Aggarwal, MD  






ADVERTISEMENT





















