


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿





Scottbrand - Error handling- 500 page


































Unexpected Error

                                        It looks like our system hit the sheets early and wasn't

                                        able to complete your request.
                                        Please try again.
                                    
RETURN TO THE HOMEPAGE











Scott Ahlberg, Research Solutions Inc/CA: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg


































































  
























Feedback





Scott Ahlberg

Chief Operating Officer,
Research Solutions Inc/CA






Career History




Chief Operating Officer
Research Solutions Inc, 3/2013-PRESENT


Chief Operating Officer
Reprints Desk Inc, 7/2007-PRESENT


Chief Operating Officer
Derycz Scientific Inc, 7/2007-3/2013


Head:Corporate Services
Reprints Desk Inc, 2006-UNKNOWN


CFO:Reprints Desk
Research Solutions Inc, FORMER


Show More









Website:
www.researchsolutions.com






Corporate Information
Address:

5435 Balboa Blvd.
Suite 202
Encino, CA 91316
United States


Phone:
1-310-477-0354


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.researchsolutions.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of London
Master's Degree, 1990


Stanford University
Bachelor's Degree, 1984








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data


































Scott Scott Ahlberg - Newbury Park, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Scott Scott Ahlberg in Newbury Park, CA


Scott Scott Ahlberg

                                                                           Intelius found that Scott Scott Ahlberg  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Newbury Park, CA.  We have connected them to
                7 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Scott Levi Ahlberg


Get Report Now

Age

Scott Scott Ahlberg is in his 50s

Scott Has Lived In

Newbury Park, CA
Los Angeles, CA
Turlock, CA

Scott's Relatives

Geneva Ahlberg
Delbert Ahlberg
Janie Ahlberg
Maryann Svaglinac







Scott Scott Ahlberg



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Head of Corporate Services at Reprints Desk Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Scott? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Scott, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Scott Scott Ahlberg
Get a Criminal Check on Scott Scott Ahlberg
Get a Public Record Report on Scott Scott Ahlberg
Get a People Search Report on Scott Scott Ahlberg


Scott Scott Ahlberg's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Scott Scott Ahlberg has lived as well as Scott Scott Ahlberg's phone numbers and email addresses.




Scott Scott Ahlberg Has Lived in 1 States
California Address for Scott Scott Ahlberg


788 P******* C* 

Newbury Park, CA


Has Lived In

Newbury Park, CA
Los Angeles, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Scott Scott Ahlberg

(805) ***-**** - Newbury Park, CA 
(310) ***-**** - Encino, CA 
(310) ***-**** - Los Angeles, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Scott Scott Ahlberg

s******g@***.com
s**********g@***.com
s***t@***.com


Get Email Report




Scott Scott Ahlberg's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Scott Scott Ahlberg's academic history.  Find out which schools Scott Scott Ahlberg attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Scott Scott Ahlberg received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Scott Scott Ahlberg Has Attended 3 Schools
University of London 1986 – 1987                              
Stanford University               1981 – 1984               Scott Scott Ahlberg has a BA in History               
Stanford University               1981 – 1984               Scott Scott Ahlberg has a Ba, History in History               


Scott Scott Ahlberg's Professional Information
Information regarding Scott Scott Ahlberg's professional history.  Find out previous places Scott Scott Ahlberg has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Scott Scott Ahlberg Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: Reprints Desk Inc
               Title: Head of Corporate Services
Company: Infotrieve Inc
               Title: Executive Vice President
Scott Scott Ahlberg's Experience
Title: Head of Corporate Services
               Company: Reprints Desk Inc
Job Details
               Company Size: $25 mil to less than $50 mil - Employee Range: 100 to less than 500. Reprints Desk improves how journal articles and clinical reprints are accessed, procured, and legally used in evidence-based promotions, medical affairs, and scientific, technical, and medical (STM) research. Organizations fueled by intellectual property choose Reprints Desk because of its collaborative business approach, efficient article supply system and services, and commitment to quality post-sales support. Reprints Desk has ranked #1 in every Document Delivery Vendor Scorecard from industry analyst and advisory firm Outsell Inc. since 2008.
Title: Executive Vice President
               Company: Infotrieve Inc
Job Details
               Company Size: Less than $1 mil
Additional Professional Information on Scott Scott Ahlberg

 See Scott Scott Ahlberg's LinkedIn Profile



Scott Scott Ahlberg's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Scott Scott Ahlberg


Scott Scott Ahlberg's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Scott Scott Ahlberg's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Scott Ahlberg
Username Matches

                  ScottAhlberg
                  AhlbergScott
                  Scott.Ahlberg
                  Ahlberg.Scott
                  Scott_Ahlberg
                  Ahlberg_Scott
                  Scott-Ahlberg
                  Ahlberg-Scott
                  SAhlberg
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S Ahlberg







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.











    Scott Ahlberg | Reprints Desk Inc | ZoomInfo.com






The New Sentinel Network — Improving the Evidence of Medical-Product Safety — NEJM











































































































Welcome Guest


Renew, Subscribe or Create Account



                                
                                        
                                    
                                Sign In
                            




The New England Journal of Medicine






Home
Articles & Multimedia
Issues
Specialties & Topics

For Authors

CME





AdvancedSearch







Editor's Note: The narration and closed captions in this video are in English. For subtitles in 13 other languages, see this video on the website of the World Health Organization.

Editor's Note: For reasons of public health, readers should be aware that this letter has been “heavily and uncritically cited” as evidence that addiction is rare with opioid therapy. Leung et al. describe its history.

Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.
Adobe Flash Player is required to view this feature. If you are using an operating system that does not support Flash, we are working to bring you alternative formats.


PerspectiveThe New Sentinel Network — Improving the Evidence of Medical-Product SafetyRichard Platt, M.D., M.Sc., Marcus Wilson, Pharm.D., K. Arnold Chan, M.D., Sc.D., Joshua S. Benner, Pharm.D., Sc.D., Janet Marchibroda, M.B.A., and Mark McClellan, M.D., Ph.D.N Engl J Med 2009;  361:645-647August 13, 2009DOI:  10.1056/NEJMp0905338


Share:

















ArticleIn 2007, Congress directed the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to create a new postmarketing surveillance system that will, by 2012, be using electronic health data from 100 million people to prospectively monitor the safety of marketed medical products.1 This new system is intended to complement existing systems of “spontaneous” adverse-event reporting. In May 2008, the FDA announced the Sentinel Initiative, which would “access the capabilities of multiple, existing data systems (i.e., electronic health record systems, medical claims databases).”2 The network of data systems is intended both to detect signals (i.e., higher-than-expected rates of adverse outcomes) and to confirm signals, including those suggested by other sources, and to do so rapidly and quantitatively. At a recent Senate hearing before her confirmation, FDA Commissioner Margaret Hamburg stated that close postmarketing monitoring of medical-product safety would remain a high priority during her tenure.3 Achieving these goals requires the first large-scale, truly integrated use of the electronic data that are increasingly available in our pluralistic health care system. The first hurdles are determining how best to organize the Sentinel Network, how it should operate, and what steps are needed for its implementation.Initially, the Sentinel Network will rely on electronic medical records and administrative data that are routinely collected by medical practices, hospitals, delivery systems, health plans, and insurers. Medicare and Medicaid databases of prescriptions and other information on the use of medical resources could be an important large-scale data source. Eventually, the network might also use information from disease registries and vital-statistics registries, as well as repositories of genomics data.The goals of the Sentinel Initiative can be achieved without the creation of a large centralized database. In a distributed data network, participating organizations would maintain control of their data, create data files in a standard format, summarize data by running computer programs distributed by a coordinating center, and then provide consistent summarized results that could be combined to provide networkwide results. For example, the programs could identify persons within each organization who had been exposed to specific drugs, compute case-mix–adjusted rates of adverse events, and then compute comparative rates for similar populations that had received different therapies. When additional information is needed, such as the confirmation of a diagnosis through the review of full-text medical records, the individual data owners would be able to provide it.The distributed model has several important advantages, including the fact that nearly all confidential personal health data would remain with the clinicians or other original data holders. This model also allows the people who are the most knowledgeable about the participating health care and informatics systems to ensure that their data are used and interpreted properly.The prospects for developing a distributed network for safety surveillance that includes data from 100 million people or more appear to be good. Leaders of both public and private health care organizations have shown a high level of interest in participating. And some building blocks already exist. For example, the Vaccine Safety Datalink (VSD) project of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention conducts near-real-time monitoring of new vaccines with the use of a distributed network that combines information from both electronic medical records and administrative databases covering nearly 9 million members of eight health plans. This system recently identified an excess risk of seizure after the administration of the measles–mumps–rubella–varicella vaccine, a finding that led to a change in the recommended use of the vaccine.4 The VSD project also conducts full epidemiologic studies to investigate concerns arising from other sources. In addition, distributed methods are being used to assess data from 50 million people belonging to five health plans in order to determine whether there is excess risk of the Guillain–Barré syndrome after receipt of the meningococcal conjugate vaccine.5 Although these and other efforts suggest that the Sentinel Initiative is feasible, there will be technical challenges. The Sentinel Network will require the capacity to apply consistent methods across multiple data sources, and it will need improved statistical methods and data-analysis tools for distributed databases. In particular, the network's signals — drawn from very large-scale observational analysis — will require further evaluation. It will therefore be essential to improve our ability to determine quickly which findings reflect genuine health risks. Making such determinations may require analyses of follow-up data on cases, as well as epidemiologic investigations like those used to evaluate disease outbreaks. In addition, further clinical studies may be required to reach conclusions about whether a medical product caused or was simply associated with the adverse event.These technical issues suggest that the Sentinel Network may be able to achieve some objectives sooner than others. For instance, it may soon be possible to monitor rare but serious events that generally represent drug reactions, as well as certain more common, reliably coded events such as myocardial infarctions. However, more work will be required to accurately identify product exposures that are harder to detect from current electronic data — such as the use of over-the-counter drugs, drugs used in operating rooms, and many medical devices — as well as outcomes that lack uniform standards for electronic coding.The Sentinel Network will also require governance structures and processes to ensure that the maximal public health benefits are achieved while maintaining public trust. Specific requirements include systems for prioritizing needs, for designing and implementing studies to address those needs, and for protecting personal medical data when they are used for public health purposes.Finally, the network's findings must be communicated in a timely, transparent, and appropriate way to a range of audiences (including health care providers and the public) who are often frustrated by delays in the availability of information related to postmarketing surveillance but are also confused about what to do when new (and often not definitive) evidence is made available. Health care providers will need information about the system itself and the methods and findings of individual studies, as well as guidance on interpreting observational studies of drug safety and effective approaches for discussing them with patients. Priorities for communication with consumers and patients include finding ways of placing new information about risks in the context of current knowledge about benefits (given that no medical treatment is completely safe), specifying the degree of certainty in particular findings, addressing the limitations of observational data, and identifying the next steps for developing and communicating more definitive information.The FDA is working with a broad range of stakeholders to further define the Sentinel Network strategy and begin its implementation, probably initially on a pilot basis. In December 2008, a public workshop on directions for the network was attended by 400 stakeholders from the FDA and other government agencies, academia, health plans, health care provider organizations, consumer- and patient-advocacy organizations, and the pharmaceutical and medical-device industries. More recently, a number of organizations in the public and private sectors have completed initial feasibility work under contracts from the FDA. With continued transparent and rigorous development, the Sentinel Network has the potential to substantially improve the quantity, quality, and timeliness of evidence regarding the safety of medical products in the United States. The authors report advising the FDA about the design of the Sentinel Initiative and may submit proposals for contracts for its implementation.  No other potential conflict of interest relevant to this article was reported. This article (10.1056/NEJMp0905338) was published on July 27, 2009, at NEJM.org.Source InformationFrom Harvard Medical School and the Harvard Pilgrim Health Care Institute, Boston (R.P.); HealthCore, Wilmington, DE (M.W.); i3 Drug Safety, Waltham, MA (K.A.C.); Engelberg Center for Health Care Reform, Brookings Institution, Washington, DC (J.S.B., M.M.); and IBM, Fairfax, VA (J.M.).ReferencesReferences1Food and Drug Administration Amendments Act. (Accessed July 23, 2009, at http://frwebgate.access.gpo.gov/cgi-bin/getdoc.cgi?dbname=110_cong_public_laws&docid=f:publ085.110.)2The Sentinel Initiative: a national strategy for monitoring medical product safety. (Accessed July 23, 2009, at http://www.fda.gov/downloads/Safety/FDAsSentinelInitiative/UCM124701.pdf.)3Opening statement of Dr. Margaret Hamburg before the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, May 7, 2009. (Accessed July 23, 2009, at http://help.senate.gov/Hearings/2009_05_07_b/Hamburg.pdf.)4Update: recommendations from the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) regarding administration of combination MMRV vaccine. MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep 2008;57:258-260Medline5Velentgas P, Bohn RL, Brown JS, et al. A distributed research network model for post-marketing safety studies: the Meningococcal Vaccine Study. Pharmacoepidemiol Drug Saf 2008;17:1226-1234CrossRef | Web of Science | MedlineCiting Articles
                                
                                    (110)
                                Citing Articles1David Goldberg, Ivo C. Ditah, Kia Saeian, Mona Lalehzari, Andrew Aronsohn, Emmanuel C. Gorospe, Michael Charlton. .  (2017) Changes in the Prevalence of Hepatitis C Virus Infection, Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis, and Alcoholic Liver Disease Among Patients With Cirrhosis or Liver Failure on the Waitlist for Liver Transplantation. Gastroenterology 152:5, 1090-1099.e1.  CrossRef 2Rae Woong Park. .  (2017) Sharing Clinical Big Data While Protecting Confidentiality and Security: Observational Health Data Sciences and Informatics. Healthcare Informatics Research 23:1, 1.  CrossRef 3David Goldberg, Benjamin French, Craig Newcomb, Qing Liu, Gurvaneet Sahota, Anna E. Wallace, Kimberly A. Forde, James D. Lewis, Scott D. Halpern. .  (2016) Patients With Hepatocellular Carcinoma Have Highest Rates of Wait-listing for Liver Transplantation Among Patients With End-Stage Liver Disease. Clinical Gastroenterology and Hepatology 14:11, 1638-1646.e2.  CrossRef 4D. S. Goldberg, B. French, G. Sahota, A. E. Wallace, J. D. Lewis, S. D. Halpern. .  (2016) Use of Population-based Data to Demonstrate How Waitlist-based Metrics Overestimate Geographic Disparities in Access to Liver Transplant Care. American Journal of Transplantation 16:10, 2903-2911.  CrossRef 5Robyn Tamblyn, Nadyne Girard, William G. Dixon, Jennifer Haas, David W. Bates, Thérèse Sheppard, Tewodros Eguale, David Buckeridge, Michal Abrahamowicz, Alan Forster. .  (2016) Pharmacosurveillance without borders: electronic health records in different countries can be used to address important methodological issues in estimating the risk of adverse events. Journal of Clinical Epidemiology 77, 101-111.  CrossRef 6R Ball, M Robb, SA Anderson, G Dal Pan. .  (2016) The FDA's sentinel initiative-A comprehensive approach to medical product surveillance. Clinical Pharmacology & Therapeutics 99:10.1002/cpt.v99.3, 265-268.  CrossRef 7Ryen W. White, Sheng Wang, Apurv Pant, Rave Harpaz, Pushpraj Shukla, Walter Sun, William DuMouchel, Eric Horvitz. .  (2016) Early identification of adverse drug reactions from search log data. Journal of Biomedical Informatics 59, 42-48.  CrossRef 8Dukyong Yoon, Eun Kyoung Ahn, Man Young Park, Soo Yeon Cho, Patrick Ryan, Martijn J. Schuemie, Dahye Shin, Hojun Park, Rae Woong Park. .  (2016) Conversion and Data Quality Assessment of Electronic Health Record Data at a Korean Tertiary Teaching Hospital to a Common Data Model for Distributed Network Research. Healthcare Informatics Research 22, 54.  CrossRef 9Emily P. Zeitler, Sana M. Al-Khatib, Joseph P. Drozda, Larry G. Kessler, Ajay J. Kirtane, David F. Kong, John Laschinger, Danica Marinac-Dabic, Marie-Claude Morice, Terrie Reed, Art Sedrakyan, Kenneth M. Stein, James Tcheng, Mitchell W. Krucoff. .  (2016) Predictable and SuStainable Implementation of National Cardiovascular Registries (PASSION) infrastructure: A think tank report from Medical Device Epidemiological Network Initiative (MDEpiNet). American Heart Journal 171:1, 64-72.e2.  CrossRef 10Maximilian Gahr, Zeljko Uzelac, René Zeiss, Bernhard J. Connemann, Dirk Lang, Carlos Schönfeldt-Lecuona. .  (2015) Linking Annual Prescription Volume of Antidepressants to Corresponding Web Search Query Data. Journal of Clinical Psychopharmacology 35, 681-685.  CrossRef 11Edward Chia-Cheng Lai, Kenneth K. C. Man, Nathorn Chaiyakunapruk, Ching-Lan Cheng, Hsu-Chih Chien, Celine S. L. Chui, Piyameth Dilokthornsakul, N. Chantelle Hardy, Cheng-Yang Hsieh, Chung Y. Hsu, Kiyoshi Kubota, Tzu-Chieh Lin, Yanfang Liu, Byung Joo Park, Nicole Pratt, Elizabeth E. Roughead, Ju-Young Shin, Sawaeng Watcharathanakij, Jin Wen, Ian C. K. Wong, Yea-Huei Kao Yang, Yinghong Zhang, Soko Setoguchi. .  (2015) Brief Report. Epidemiology 26:6, 815-820.  CrossRef 12Ying Li, Patrick B. Ryan, Ying Wei, Carol Friedman. .  (2015) A Method to Combine Signals from Spontaneous Reporting Systems and Observational Healthcare Data to Detect Adverse Drug Reactions. Drug Safety 38, 895-908.  CrossRef 13Rainer Winnenburg, Alfred Sorbello, Anna Ripple, Rave Harpaz, Joseph Tonning, Ana Szarfman, Henry Francis, Olivier Bodenreider. .  (2015) Leveraging MEDLINE indexing for pharmacovigilance – Inherent limitations and mitigation strategies. Journal of Biomedical Informatics 57, 425-435.  CrossRef 14Sandra de Bie, Preciosa M. Coloma, Carmen Ferrajolo, Katia M. C. Verhamme, Gianluca Trifirò, Martijn J. Schuemie, Sabine M. J. M. Straus, Rosa Gini, Ron Herings, Giampiero Mazzaglia, Gino Picelli, Arianna Ghirardi, Lars Pedersen, Bruno H. C. Stricker, Johan van der Lei, Miriam C. J. M. Sturkenboom, . .  (2015) The role of electronic healthcare record databases in paediatric drug safety surveillance: a retrospective cohort study. British Journal of Clinical Pharmacology 80:10.1111/bcp.v80.2, 304-314.  CrossRef 15Rong Xu, QuanQiu Wang. .  (2015) Combining automatic table classification and relationship extraction in extracting anticancer drug–side effect pairs from full-text articles. Journal of Biomedical Informatics 53, 128-135.  CrossRef 16A. Anil Sinaci, Gokce B. Laleci Erturkmen, Suat Gonul, Mustafa Yuksel, Paolo Invernizzi, Bharat Thakrar, Anil Pacaci, H. Alper Cinar, Nihan Kesim Cicekli. .  (2015) Postmarketing Safety Study Tool: A Web Based, Dynamic, and Interoperable System for Postmarketing Drug Surveillance Studies. BioMed Research International 2015, 1-10.  CrossRef 17Kristina Star, Sarah Watson, Lovisa Sandberg, Jeanette Johansson, I. Ralph Edwards. .  (2015) Longitudinal medical records as a complement to routine drug safety signal analysis. Pharmacoepidemiology and Drug Safety, n/a-n/a.  CrossRef 18Maria D.F.S. Barbosa, David D. Smith. .  (2014) Channeling postmarketing patient data into pharmaceutical regulatory systems. Drug Discovery Today 19, 1897-1912.  CrossRef 19Charles Love, N.A. Mark Estes. .  (2014) Following leads to improve patient outcomes: It’s about time. Heart Rhythm 11:12, 2163-2164.  CrossRef 20Rave Harpaz, David Odgers, Greg Gaskin, William DuMouchel, Rainer Winnenburg, Olivier Bodenreider, Anna Ripple, Ana Szarfman, Alfred Sorbello, Eric Horvitz, Ryen W. White, Nigam H. Shah. .  (2014) A time-indexed reference standard of adverse drug reactions. Scientific Data 1, 140043.  CrossRef 21Peter R. Rijnbeek. .  (2014) Converting to a Common Data Model: What is Lost in Translation?. Drug Safety 37, 893-896.  CrossRef 22Ju-Young Shin, Sun-Young Jung, So-Hyeon Ahn, Shin Haeng Lee, Su-Jin Kim, Jong-Mi Seong, Soo-Youn Chung, Byung-Joo Park. .  (2014) New initiatives for pharmacovigilance in South Korea: introducing the Korea Institute of Drug Safety and Risk Management (KIDS). Pharmacoepidemiology and Drug Safety 23:10.1002/pds.v23.11, 1115-1122.  CrossRef 23Rave Harpaz, Alison Callahan, Suzanne Tamang, Yen Low, David Odgers, Sam Finlayson, Kenneth Jung, Paea LePendu, Nigam H. Shah. .  (2014) Text Mining for Adverse Drug Events: the Promise, Challenges, and State of the Art. Drug Safety 37, 777-790.  CrossRef 24R W White, R Harpaz, N H Shah, W DuMouchel, E Horvitz. .  (2014) Toward Enhanced Pharmacovigilance Using Patient-Generated Data on the Internet. Clinical Pharmacology & Therapeutics 96, 239-246.  CrossRef 25S Sarntivijai, D R Abernethy. .  (2014) Use of Internet Search Logs to Evaluate Potential Drug Adverse Events. Clinical Pharmacology & Therapeutics 96, 149-150.  CrossRef 26Vera E. Valkhoff, Preciosa M. Coloma, Gwen M.C. Masclee, Rosa Gini, Francesco Innocenti, Francesco Lapi, Mariam Molokhia, Mees Mosseveld, Malene Schou Nielsson, Martijn Schuemie, Frantz Thiessard, Johan van der Lei, Miriam C.J.M. Sturkenboom, Gianluca Trifirò. .  (2014) Validation study in four health-care databases: upper gastrointestinal bleeding misclassification affects precision but not magnitude of drug-related upper gastrointestinal bleeding risk. Journal of Clinical Epidemiology 67, 921-931.  CrossRef 27Faiez Zannad, Wendy Gattis Stough, Ileana L. Piña, Roxana Mehran, William T. Abraham, Stefan D. Anker, Gaetano M. De Ferrari, Andrew Farb, Nancy L. Geller, Robert S. Kieval, Cecilia Linde, Rita F. Redberg, Kenneth Stein, Alphons Vincent, Holger Woehrle, Stuart J. Pocock. .  (2014) Current challenges for clinical trials of cardiovascular medical devices. International Journal of Cardiology 175:1, 30-37.  CrossRef 28G. Trifirò, P. M. Coloma, P. R. Rijnbeek, S. Romio, B. Mosseveld, D. Weibel, J. Bonhoeffer, M. Schuemie, J. van der Lei, M. Sturkenboom. .  (2014) Combining multiple healthcare databases for postmarketing drug and vaccine safety surveillance: why and how?. Journal of Internal Medicine 275:10.1111/joim.2014.275.issue-6, 551-561.  CrossRef 29Jesse A. Berlin, Brenda Crowe, H. Amy Xia. . 2014. The Evaluation of Adverse Events in Clinical Trials (with a Particular Focus on the Use of Meta-Analysis). Mann's Pharmacovigilance, 109-119.  CrossRef 30Nicholas Moore. . 2014. An Historical Perspective of the Future of Pharmacovigilance. Mann's Pharmacovigilance, 807-817.  CrossRef 31Ryan M. Carnahan, Carlos J. Bell, Richard Platt. . 2014. Active Surveillance: The United States Food and Drug Administration's Sentinel Initiative. Mann's Pharmacovigilance, 429-437.  CrossRef 32James A. Kaye, Jordi Castellsague, Christine L. Bui, Brian Calingaert, Lisa J. McQuay, Nuria Riera-Guardia, Catherine W. Saltus, Scott Quinlan, Crystal N. Holick, Peter M. Wahl, Kiliana Suzart, Kenneth J. Rothman, Mari-Ann Wallander, Susana Perez-Gutthann. .  (2014) Risk of Acute Liver Injury Associated with the Use of Moxifloxacin and Other Oral Antimicrobials: A Retrospective, Population-Based Cohort Study. Pharmacotherapy: The Journal of Human Pharmacology and Drug Therapy 34:10.1002/phar.2014.34.issue-4, 336-349.  CrossRef 33Richard Wyss, Til Stürmer. .  (2014) Commentary. Epidemiology 25, 279-281.  CrossRef 34A S Kesselheim, J J Gagne. .  (2014) Strategies for Postmarketing Surveillance of Drugs for Rare Diseases. Clinical Pharmacology & Therapeutics 95, 265-268.  CrossRef 35Sachin Kheterpal. .  (2014) In the Land of the Blind, the One-eyed Man Is King. Anesthesiology 120:3, 523-525.  CrossRef 36, Carmen Ferrajolo, Preciosa M. Coloma, Katia M. C. Verhamme, Martijn J. Schuemie, Sandra Bie, Rosa Gini, Ron Herings, Giampiero Mazzaglia, Gino Picelli, Carlo Giaquinto, Lorenza Scotti, Paul Avillach, Lars Pedersen, Francesco Rossi, Annalisa Capuano, Johan Lei, Gianluca Trifiró, Miriam C. J. M. Sturkenboom. .  (2014) Signal Detection of Potentially Drug-Induced Acute Liver Injury in Children Using a Multi-Country Healthcare Database Network. Drug Safety 37, 99-108.  CrossRef 37Damon C Scales, Brian H Cuthbertson. .  (2014) Percutaneous dilatational tracheostomy: mostly safe, but do benefits outweigh risks?. Critical Care 18, 117.  CrossRef 38Rong Xu, QuanQiu Wang. .  (2014) Large-scale combining signals from both biomedical literature and the FDA Adverse Event Reporting System (FAERS) to improve post-marketing drug safety signal detection. BMC Bioinformatics 15, 17.  CrossRef 39Pedro Lopes, Tiago Nunes, David Campos, Laura Ines Furlong, Anna Bauer-Mehren, Ferran Sanz, Maria Carmen Carrascosa, Jordi Mestres, Jan Kors, Bharat Singh, Erik van Mulligen, Johan Van der Lei, Gayo Diallo, Paul Avillach, Ernst Ahlberg, Scott Boyer, Carlos Diaz, José Luís Oliveira, Dermot Cox. .  (2013) Gathering and Exploring Scientific Knowledge in Pharmacovigilance. PLoS ONE 8:12, e83016.  CrossRef 40Khaled El Emam, Fida K Dankar, Angelica Neisa, Elizabeth Jonker. .  (2013) Evaluating the risk of patient re-identification from adverse drug event reports. BMC Medical Informatics and Decision Making 13:1.  CrossRef 41Mei Liu, Yong Hu, Michael Matheny, Lian Duan, Hua Xu. . 2013. Artificial Intelligence Approaches for Drug Safety Surveillance and Analysis. Medical Applications of Artificial Intelligence, 431-452.  CrossRef 42Chung Am Choi, Min Jung Chang, Hye Duck Choi, Woo-Young Chung, Wan Gyoon Shin. .  (2013) Application of a drug-interaction detection method to the Korean National Health Insurance claims database. Regulatory Toxicology and Pharmacology 67, 294-298.  CrossRef 43Elaine K. Gallin, Enriqueta Bond, Robert M. Califf, William F. Crowley, Pamela Davis, Richard Galbraith, E. Albert Reece. .  (2013) Forging Stronger Partnerships Between Academic Health Centers and Patient-Driven Organizations. Academic Medicine 88, 1220-1224.  CrossRef 44John D. Carroll, Fred H. Edwards, Danica Marinac-Dabic, Ralph G. Brindis, Frederick L. Grover, Eric D. Peterson, E. Murat Tuzcu, David M. Shahian, John S. Rumsfeld, Cynthia M. Shewan, Kathleen Hewitt, David R. Holmes, Michael J. Mack. .  (2013) The STS-ACC Transcatheter Valve Therapy National Registry. Journal of the American College of Cardiology 62, 1026-1034.  CrossRef 45Preciosa M. Coloma, Martijn J. Schuemie, Gianluca Trifirò, Laura Furlong, Erik van Mulligen, Anna Bauer-Mehren, Paul Avillach, Jan Kors, Ferran Sanz, Jordi Mestres, José Luis Oliveira, Scott Boyer, Ernst Ahlberg Helgee, Mariam Molokhia, Justin Matthews, David Prieto-Merino, Rosa Gini, Ron Herings, Giampiero Mazzaglia, Gino Picelli, Lorenza Scotti, Lars Pedersen, Johan van der Lei, Miriam Sturkenboom, , Aditya Bhushan Pant. .  (2013) Drug-Induced Acute Myocardial Infarction: Identifying ‘Prime Suspects’ from Electronic Healthcare Records-Based Surveillance System. PLoS ONE 8:8, e72148.  CrossRef 46Nicole Casadevall, I Ralph Edwards, Thomas Felix, Peter R Graze, Jason B Litten, Bruce E Strober, David G Warnock. .  (2013) Pharmacovigilance and biosimilars: considerations, needs and challenges. Expert Opinion on Biological Therapy 13, 1039-1047.  CrossRef 47R Harpaz, W DuMouchel, P LePendu, A Bauer-Mehren, P Ryan, N H Shah. .  (2013) Performance of Pharmacovigilance Signal-Detection Algorithms for the FDA Adverse Event Reporting System. Clinical Pharmacology & Therapeutics 93, 539-546.  CrossRef 482013. Alternative Methods for Data Access. Guide to the De-Identification of Personal Health Information, 107-118.  CrossRef 49Nicholas Moore. .  (2013) The past, present and perhaps future of pharmacovigilance: homage to Folke Sjoqvist. European Journal of Clinical Pharmacology 69, 33-41.  CrossRef 50Martin Kulldorff, Inna Dashevsky, Taliser R. Avery, Arnold K. Chan, Robert L. Davis, David Graham, Richard Platt, Susan E Andrade, Denise Boudreau, Margaret J. Gunter, Lisa J. Herrinton, Pamala A. Pawloski, Marsha A. Raebel, Douglas Roblin, Jeffrey S. Brown. .  (2013) Drug safety data mining with a tree-based scan statistic. Pharmacoepidemiology and Drug Safety 22:10.1002/pds.v22.5, 517-523.  CrossRef 51Taliser R. Avery, Martin Kulldorff, Yury Vilk, Lingling Li, T. Craig Cheetham, Sascha Dublin, Robert L. Davis, Liyan Liu, Lisa Herrinton, Jeffrey S. Brown. .  (2013) Near real-time adverse drug reaction surveillance within population-based health networks: methodology considerations for data accrual. Pharmacoepidemiology and Drug Safety 22:10.1002/pds.v22.5, 488-495.  CrossRef 52Vishvas Garg, Dennis W Raisch, June M McKoy, Steven M Trifilio, Jamiee Holbrook, Beatrice J Edwards, Steven M Belknap, Athena T Samaras, Beatrice Nardone, Dennis P West. .  (2013) Impact of United States Food and Drug Administration's boxed warnings on adverse drug reactions reporting rates and risk mitigation for multiple myeloma drugs. Expert Opinion on Drug Safety 12, 299-307.  CrossRef 53Rave Harpaz, Santiago Vilar, William DuMouchel, Hojjat Salmasian, Krystl Haerian, Nigam H Shah, Herbert S Chase, Carol Friedman. .  (2013) Combing signals from spontaneous reports and electronic health records for detection of adverse drug reactions. Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association 20:3, 413-419.  CrossRef 54Khaled El Emam, Saeed Samet, Luk Arbuckle, Robyn Tamblyn, Craig Earle, Murat Kantarcioglu. .  (2013) A secure distributed logistic regression protocol for the detection of rare adverse drug events. Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association 20:3, 453-461.  CrossRef 55Jingwen Tan, G. Caleb Alexander, Jodi B. Segal. .  (2013) Academic Centers Play a Vital Role in the Study of Drug Safety and Effectiveness. Clinical Therapeutics 35, 380-384.  CrossRef 56Preciosa M. Coloma, Gianluca Trifirò, Vaishali Patadia, Miriam Sturkenboom. .  (2013) Postmarketing Safety Surveillance. Drug Safety 36, 183-197.  CrossRef 57Kathleen Blake. .  (2013) Postmarket surveillance of medical devices: current capabilities and future opportunities. Journal of Interventional Cardiac Electrophysiology 36, 119-127.  CrossRef 58Mehmet Kuzu, Murat Kantarcioglu, Elizabeth Ashley Durham, Csaba Toth, Bradley Malin. .  (2013) A practical approach to achieve private medical record linkage in light of public resources. Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association 20, 285-292.  CrossRef 59Amnon Shabo (Shvo). .  (2013) The patient-centric translational health record. Pharmacogenomics 14:4, 349-352.  CrossRef 60Elad Yom-Tov, Evgeniy Gabrilovich. .  (2013) Postmarket Drug Surveillance Without Trial Costs: Discovery of Adverse Drug Reactions Through Large-Scale Analysis of Web Search Queries. Journal of Medical Internet Research 15, e124.  CrossRef 61Sarah L. Cutrona, Sengwee Toh, Aarthi Iyer, Sarah Foy, Gregory W. Daniel, Vinit P. Nair, Daniel Ng, Melissa G. Butler, Denise Boudreau, Susan Forrow, Robert Goldberg, Joel Gore, David McManus, Judith A. Racoosin, Jerry H. Gurwitz. .  (2013) Validation of acute myocardial infarction in the Food and Drug Administration's Mini-Sentinel program. Pharmacoepidemiology and Drug Safety 22:10.1002/pds.v22.1, 40-54.  CrossRef 62Nancy E. Kass, Ruth R. Faden, Steven N. Goodman, Peter Pronovost, Sean Tunis, Tom L. Beauchamp. .  (2013) The Research-Treatment Distinction:
              A Problematic Approach for Determining Which Activities Should Have Ethical Oversight. Hastings Center Report 43:10.1002/hast.2013.43.issue-s1, S4-S15.  CrossRef 63Utpal N. Sagar, P. Michael Ho. . 2013. Outcomes Research in Hypertension. Hypertension: A Companion to Braunwald’s Heart Disease, 405-409.  CrossRef 64Paul Avillach, Preciosa M Coloma, Rosa Gini, Martijn Schuemie, Fleur Mougin, Jean-Charles Dufour, Giampiero Mazzaglia, Carlo Giaquinto, Carla Fornari, Ron Herings, Mariam Molokhia, Lars Pedersen, Annie Fourrier-Réglat, Marius Fieschi, Miriam Sturkenboom, Johan van der Lei, Antoine Pariente, Gianluca Trifirò. .  (2013) Harmonization process for the identification of medical events in eight European healthcare databases: the experience from the EU-ADR project. Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association 20:1, 184-192.  CrossRef 65M. A. Brookhart, A. M. Walker, Y. Lu, L. Polakowski, J. Li, C. Paeglow, T. Puenpatom, H. Izurieta, G. W. Daniel. .  (2012) Characterizing Vaccine-associated Risks Using Cubic Smoothing Splines. American Journal of Epidemiology 176, 949-957.  CrossRef 66Andrew Tomlin, David Reith, Susan Dovey, Murray Tilyard. .  (2012) Methods for Retrospective Detection of Drug Safety Signals and Adverse Events in Electronic General Practice Records. Drug Safety 35, 733-743.  CrossRef 67A. Shabo. .  (2012) Meaningful use of patient-centric health records for healthcare transformation. IBM Journal of Research and Development 56, 1:1-1:7.  CrossRef 68Santiago Vilar, Rave Harpaz, Lourdes Santana, Eugenio Uriarte, Carol Friedman, Aditya Bhushan Pant. .  (2012) Enhancing Adverse Drug Event Detection in Electronic Health Records Using Molecular Structure Similarity: Application to Pancreatitis. PLoS ONE 7:7, e41471.  CrossRef 69Marianne Hamilton Lopez, Erin Holve, Indra Neil Sarkar, Courtney Segal. .  (2012) Building the Informatics Infrastructure for Comparative Effectiveness Research (CER). Medical Care 50, S38-S48.  CrossRef 70J J Gagne, R J Glynn, J A Rassen, A M Walker, G W Daniel, G Sridhar, S Schneeweiss. .  (2012) Active Safety Monitoring of Newly Marketed Medications in a Distributed Data Network: Application of a Semi-Automated Monitoring System. Clinical Pharmacology & Therapeutics 92, 80-86.  CrossRef 71Preciosa M. Coloma, Gianluca Trifirò, Martijn J. Schuemie, Rosa Gini, Ron Herings, Julia Hippisley-Cox, Giampiero Mazzaglia, Gino Picelli, Giovanni Corrao, Lars Pedersen, Johan Lei, Miriam Sturkenboom, . .  (2012) Electronic healthcare databases for active drug safety surveillance: is there enough leverage?. Pharmacoepidemiology and Drug Safety 21:10.1002/pds.v21.6, 611-621.  CrossRef 72R Harpaz, W DuMouchel, N H Shah, D Madigan, P Ryan, C Friedman. .  (2012) Novel Data-Mining Methodologies for Adverse Drug Event Discovery and Analysis. Clinical Pharmacology & Therapeutics.  CrossRef 73Peter M. Wahl, Joshua J. Gagne, Thomas E. Wasser, Debra F. Eisenberg, J. Keith Rodgers, Gregory W. Daniel, Marcus Wilson, Sebastian Schneeweiss, Jeremy A. Rassen, Amanda R. Patrick, Jerry Avorn, Rhonda L. Bohn. .  (2012) Early Steps in the Development of a Claims-Based Targeted Healthcare Safety Monitoring System and Application to Three Empirical Examples. Drug Safety 35, 407-416.  CrossRef 74R S Stafford. .  (2012) Off-Label Use of Drugs and Medical Devices: A Review of Policy Implications. Clinical Pharmacology & Therapeutics 91, 920-925.  CrossRef 75J Morris. .  (2012) The Use of Observational Health-Care Data to Identify and Report on Off-Label Use of Biopharmaceutical Products. Clinical Pharmacology & Therapeutics 91, 937-942.  CrossRef 76 Hauser ,  Robert G. , . .  (2012) Here We Go Again — Another Failure of Postmarketing Device Surveillance. New England Journal of Medicine 366:10, 873-875. Free Full Text77Nancy A. Dreyer, Priscilla Velentgas. . 2012. Registries. Pharmacoepidemiology, 331-346.  CrossRef 78Jesse A. Berlin, Soledad Cepeda, Carin J. Kim. . 2012. The Use of Meta-analysis in Pharmacoepidemiology. Pharmacoepidemiology, 723-756.  CrossRef 79Martin Kulldorff. . 2012. Sequential Statistical Methods for Prospective Postmarketing Safety Surveillance. Pharmacoepidemiology, 852-867.  CrossRef 80Richard Platt, Ryan M. Carnahan, Jeffrey S. Brown, Elizabeth Chrischilles, Lesley H. Curtis, Sean Hennessy, Jennifer C. Nelson, Judith A. Racoosin, Melissa Robb, Sebastian Schneeweiss, Sengwee Toh, Mark G. Weiner. .  (2012) The U.S. Food and Drug Administration's Mini-Sentinel program: status and direction. Pharmacoepidemiology and Drug Safety 21, 1-8.  CrossRef 81Joshua J. Gagne, Jeremy A. Rassen, Alexander M. Walker, Robert J. Glynn, Sebastian Schneeweiss. .  (2012) Active Safety Monitoring of New Medical Products Using Electronic Healthcare Data. Epidemiology, 1.  CrossRef 82S Toh, R Platt, J F Steiner, J S Brown. .  (2011) Comparative-Effectiveness Research in Distributed Health Data Networks. Clinical Pharmacology & Therapeutics 90, 883-887.  CrossRef 83S. Vilar, R. Harpaz, H. S. Chase, S. Costanzi, R. Rabadan, C. Friedman. .  (2011) Facilitating adverse drug event detection in pharmacovigilance databases using molecular structure similarity: application to rhabdomyolysis. Journal of the American Medical Informatics Association 18:Supplement 1, i73-i80.  CrossRef 842011. Gaining Competitive Advantage through Innovation. Beyond Knowledge Management, 137-156.  CrossRef 85Eric Van Ganse, Laurent Letrilliart, Hélène Borne, Francois Morand, Matthieu Robain, Claire Anne Siegrist. .  (2011) Health problems most commonly diagnosed among young female patients during visits to general practitioners and gynecologists in France before the initiation of the human papillomavirus vaccination program. Pharmacoepidemiology and Drug Safety, n/a-n/a.  CrossRef 86Tracy A. Lieu, David Au, Jerry A. Krishnan, Marc Moss, Harry Selker, Andrea Harabin, Virginia Taggart, Alfred Connors, . .  (2011) Comparative Effectiveness Research in Lung Diseases and Sleep Disorders. American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine 184, 848-856.  CrossRef 87Tarek A Hammad, Simone P Pinheiro, George A Neyarapally. .  (2011) Secondary use of randomized controlled trials to evaluate drug safety: a review of methodological considerations. Clinical Trials 8:5, 559-570.  CrossRef 88Lingling Li, Martin Kulldorff, Jennifer C. Nelson, Andrea J. Cook. .  (2011) A Propensity Score-Enhanced Sequential Analytic Method for Comparative Drug Safety Surveillance. Statistics in Biosciences 3, 45-62.  CrossRef 89Arun J. Sanyal, Elizabeth M. Brunt, David E. Kleiner, Kris V. Kowdley, Naga Chalasani, Joel E. Lavine, Vlad Ratziu, Arthur McCullough. .  (2011) Endpoints and clinical trial design for nonalcoholic steatohepatitis. Hepatology 54:10.1002/hep.v54.1, 344-353.  CrossRef 90C Haller, L P James. .  (2011) Adverse Drug Reactions: Moving from Chance to Science. Clinical Pharmacology & Therapeutics 89, 761-764.  CrossRef 91Orestis A. Panagiotou, Despina G. Contopoulos-Ioannidis, Panagiotis N. Papanikolaou, Evangelia E. Ntzani, John P. A. Ioannidis. .  (2011) Different Black Box Warning Labeling for Same-Class Drugs. Journal of General Internal Medicine 26, 603-610.  CrossRef 92D R Abernethy, J Woodcock, L J Lesko. .  (2011) Pharmacological Mechanism-Based Drug Safety Assessment and Prediction. Clinical Pharmacology & Therapeutics 89, 793-797.  CrossRef 93Gabriela Schmajuk, Jinoos Yazdany. .  (2011) Drug Monitoring in Systemic Lupus Erythematosus: A Systematic Review. Seminars in Arthritis and Rheumatism 40, 559-575.  CrossRef 94Venkatesan D. Vidi, Michael E. Matheny, Sharon Donnelly, Frederic S. Resnic. .  (2011) An evaluation of a distributed medical device safety surveillance system: The DELTA network study. Contemporary Clinical Trials 32, 309-317.  CrossRef 95Hans C. Ebbers, Aukje K. Mantel-Teeuwisse, Ellen H.M. Moors, Huub Schellekens, Hubert G. Leufkens. .  (2011) Todayʼs Challenges in Pharmacovigilance. Drug Safety 34, 273-287.  CrossRef 96Stanley Xu, Lijing Zhang, Jennifer C. Nelson, Chan Zeng, John Mullooly, David McClure, Jason Glanz. .  (2011) Identifying optimal risk windows for self-controlled case series studies of vaccine safety. Statistics in Medicine 30:10.1002/sim.v30.7, 742-752.  CrossRef 97 Behrman ,  Rachel E. ,  Benner ,  Joshua S. ,  Brown ,  Jeffrey S. ,  McClellan ,  Mark ,  Woodcock ,  Janet ,  Platt ,  Richard , . .  (2011) Developing the Sentinel System — A National Resource for Evidence Development. New England Journal of Medicine 364:6, 498-499. Free Full Text98Jeffrey A. Linder, Jennifer S. Haas, Aarthi Iyer, Michael A. Labuzetta, Michael Ibara, Michael Celeste, George Getty, David W. Bates. .  (2010) Secondary use of electronic health record data: spontaneous triggered adverse drug event reporting. Pharmacoepidemiology and Drug Safety 19, 1211-1215.  CrossRef 99Robb D. Kociol, Bradley G. Hammill, Gregg C. Fonarow, Winslow Klaskala, Roger M. Mills, Adrian F. Hernandez, Lesley H. Curtis. .  (2010) Generalizability and longitudinal outcomes of a national heart failure clinical registry: Comparison of Acute Decompensated Heart Failure National Registry (ADHERE) and non-ADHERE Medicare beneficiaries. American Heart Journal 160, 885-892.  CrossRef 100John J. McNeil, Loretta Piccenna, Kathlyn Ronaldson, Lisa L. Ioannides-Demos. .  (2010) The Value of Patient-Centred Registries in Phase IV Drug Surveillance. Pharmaceutical Medicine 24, 281-288.  CrossRef 101Jennifer S. Haas, Aarthi Iyer, E. John Orav, Gordon D. Schiff, David W. Bates. .  (2010) Participation in an ambulatory e-pharmacovigilance system. Pharmacoepidemiology and Drug Safety 19, 961-969.  CrossRef 102Ann W. McMahon, Robert G. Pratt, Tarek A. Hammad, Steven Kozlowski, Esther Zhou, Susan Lu, Corrinne G. Kulick, Tarun Mallick, Gerald Dal Pan. .  (2010) Description of hypersensitivity adverse events following administration of heparin that was potentially contaminated with oversulfated chondroitin sulfate in early 2008. Pharmacoepidemiology and Drug Safety 19, 921-933.  CrossRef 103Bruce M. Psaty, Albert Hofman. .  (2010) Genome-wide association studies and large-scale collaborations in epidemiology. European Journal of Epidemiology 25, 525-529.  CrossRef 104Sebastian Schneeweiss. .  (2010) A basic study design for expedited safety signal evaluation based on electronic healthcare data. Pharmacoepidemiology and Drug Safety 19:10.1002/pds.v19:8, 858-868.  CrossRef 105Patrick Ryan, Emily Welebob, Abraham G. Hartzema, Paul Stang, J. Marc Overhage. .  (2010) Surveying US Observational Data Sources and Characteristics for Drug Safety Needs. Pharmaceutical Medicine 24, 231-238.  CrossRef 106Jeffrey S. Brown, John H. Holmes, Kiran Shah, Ken Hall, Ross Lazarus, Richard Platt. .  (2010) Distributed Health Data Networks. Medical Care 48, S45-S51.  CrossRef 107Peter G.M. Mol, Sabine M.J.M. Straus, Sigrid Piening, Jonie T.N. de Vries, Pieter A. de Graeff, Flora M. Haaijer-Ruskamp. .  (2010) A Decade of Safety-Related Regulatory Action in the Netherlands. Drug Safety 33, 463-474.  CrossRef 108S. K. Greene, M. Kulldorff, E. M. Lewis, R. Li, R. Yin, E. S. Weintraub, B. H. Fireman, T. A. Lieu, J. D. Nordin, J. M. Glanz, R. Baxter, S. J. Jacobsen, K. R. Broder, G. M. Lee. .  (2010) Near Real-Time Surveillance for Influenza Vaccine Safety: Proof-of-Concept in the Vaccine Safety Datalink Project. American Journal of Epidemiology 171:2, 177-188.  CrossRef 109Amnon Shabo (Shvo). .  (2010) Meaningful use of pharmacogenomics in health records: semantics should be made explicit. Pharmacogenomics 11:1, 81-87.  CrossRef 110Hanan Khalil, Karen O'Leary, Christine Y Lu, Mohamed Azmi Hassali, Asrul Akmal Shafie, Subish Palaian, Arjun Poudel, Mohamed IM Ibrahim, Tony Hall, Sally B Marotti, Anita C Abarno, Hanan Khalil, Esther W Chan, Maria Larizza. .  (2009) Letters to the Editor. Journal of Pharmacy Practice and Research 39:10.1002/jppr.2009.39.issue-4, 327-334.  CrossRef 







Tools


PDF



					
					Print
				


Download Citation





					
					
					
					E-Mail
				



                        	
                            Save 
                            
                        



							
							
                            Article Alert 
                        

Reprints
Permissions
Share/Bookmark




















        Chinese Translation 中文翻译
    






Related Challenge
See related Challenge and other articles in the series.





Related Challenge
See related Challenge and other articles in the series.



TopicsDrugs, Devices, and the FDAMore InPerspectiveAugust 13, 2009









Trends
Most Viewed (Last Week)




Images in Clinical Medicine

Severe Plantar Warts in an Immunocompromised Patient
[33,213 views]

July 20, 2017
                            
                                | G. F. D’Souza and J. E. Zins
                            
                        


Images in Clinical Medicine

Salt-and-Pepper Skin Changes
[31,587 views]

July 13, 2017
                            
                                | M. Giberson and A. Brassard
                            
                        


Perspective

Certain about Dying with Uncertainty
[22,016 views]

July 20, 2017
                            
                                | J. M. Drazen and M. A. Yialamas
                            
                        




More Trends



















    Content:    Home    Current Issue    Articles    Issue Index    Specialties & Topics    Multimedia & Images    Archive 1812-1989        Information For:    Authors    Reviewers    Subscribers    Institutions    Media    Advertisers    Agents        Services:    Subscribe    Renew    Pay Bill    Activate Subscription    Create or Manage Account    Alerts    RSS & Podcasts    Submit a Manuscript    Mobile        Resources:    Physician Jobs    Reprints    Conventions    NEJM Knowledge+    NEJM Journal Watch    NEJM Catalyst     NEJM Resident 360     NEJM Yi Xue Qian Yan    NEJM Group      NEJM:     About    Product Information    Editors & Publishers    200th Anniversary    Terms of Use    Privacy Policy    Copyright    Permissions    Advertising Policies    FAQs    Help    Contact Us       CME:    Weekly CME Program    Browse Weekly Exams    Your CME Activity    Purchase Exams    Review CME Program        Follow us         










  Article Category   Research    Reviews    Clinical Cases    Perspective    Commentary    Other    Browse all Articles  


  Multimedia   Videos in Clinical Medicine    Images in Clinical Medicine    Interactive Medical Cases    Quick Take Videos    Weekly Audio Summaries    Audio Interviews    Image Challenge    Browse all multimedia  




This Week
Last Week
Browse full index




  Selected Specialties   Cardiology   Endocrinology   Gastroenterology   Genetics   Hematology/Oncology   Infectious Disease   Nephrology   Neurology/Neurosurgery   Obstetrics/Gynecology   Pediatrics   Primary Care/Hospitalist   Pulmonary/Critical Care   Surgery   Browse all Specialties & Topics 


  Featured Topics   Clinical Practice Center   Health Policy   Medicine and Society   Clinical Trials Series   Data Sharing   Pain Management   Ebola Outbreak   Zika Virus 




Author Center
Submit a Manuscript or Letter
Track a Manuscript
Help










Copyright © 2017 Massachusetts Medical Society. All rights reserved.


























Scott  Ahlberg's Phone & Address | PeopleByName















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
A
Ahlberg

Scott  Ahlberg




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Record ID: 4316841Scott  Ahlberg919 HillviewLemont, IL 60439Age 44 (Born Apr 1973)(630) 257-8198Background Check - Available
Record ID: 4316900Scott W Ahlberg3 ShawmutLewiston, ME 04240Age 50 (Born May 1967)(207) 784-4675Background Check - Available
Record ID: 4316901Scott W Ahlberg19 EvergreenLitchfield, ME 04350Age 50 (Born May 1967)(207) 268-9401Background Check - Available
Record ID: 4316902Scott W Ahlberg64 HillsideSabattus, ME 04280(207) 375-4580Background Check - Available
Record ID: 4316909Scott S Ahlberg955 CroftWest Hollywood, CA 90069Age 54 (Born Sep 1963)(323) 848-9903Background Check - Available
Record ID: 4316943Scott L Ahlberg955 CroftWest Hollywood, CA 90069(310) 848-9903Background Check - Available
Record ID: 4316944Scott L Ahlberg955 CroftLos Angeles, CA 90069(323) 848-9903Background Check - Available
Record ID: 19241659Scott L Ahlberg955 Croft AveWest Hollywood, CA 90069(310) 848-9903Background Check - Available
Record ID: 19241670Scott W Ahlberg19 Evergreen DrLitchfield, ME 04350(207) 268-9401Background Check - Available
Record ID: 19241671Scott W Ahlberg224 Lewiston StMechanic Falls, ME 04256Age 50 (Born May 1967)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 19241672Scott W Ahlberg64 Hillside DrSabattus, ME 04280Age 50 (Born May 1967)(207) 375-6148Background Check - Available
Record ID: 19241673Scott W Ahlberg3 Shawmut StLewiston, ME 04240Age 50 (Born May 1967)(207) 784-4675Background Check - Available
Record ID: 47219614Scott L Ahlberg955 Croft AveWest Hollywood, CA 90069(310) 848-9903Background Check - Available
Record ID: 47219625Scott W Ahlberg19 Evergreen DrLitchfield, ME 04350(207) 268-9401Background Check - Available
Record ID: 47219626Scott W Ahlberg224 Lewiston StMechanic Falls, ME 04256Age 50 (Born May 1967)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 47219627Scott W Ahlberg64 Hillside DrSabattus, ME 04280Age 50 (Born May 1967)(207) 375-6148Background Check - Available
Record ID: 47219628Scott W Ahlberg3 Shawmut StLewiston, ME 04240Age 50 (Born May 1967)(207) 784-4675Background Check - Available
Record ID: 114437309Scott  Ahlberg919 HillviewLemont, IL 60439Age 44 (Born Apr 1973)(630) 257-8198Background Check - Available
Record ID: 114437375Scott W Ahlberg3 ShawmutLewiston, ME 04240Age 50 (Born May 1967)(207) 784-4675Background Check - Available
Record ID: 114437376Scott W Ahlberg19 EvergreenLitchfield, ME 04350Age 50 (Born May 1967)(207) 268-9401Background Check - Available
Record ID: 114437377Scott W Ahlberg64 HillsideSabattus, ME 04280(207) 375-4580Background Check - Available
Record ID: 114437384Scott S Ahlberg955 CroftWest Hollywood, CA 90069Age 54 (Born Sep 1963)(323) 848-9903Background Check - Available
Record ID: 114437422Scott L Ahlberg955 CroftLos Angeles, CA 90069(323) 848-9903Background Check - Available
Record ID: 114437423Scott L Ahlberg955 CroftWest Hollywood, CA 90069(310) 848-9903Background Check - Available
Record ID: 114464595Scott W Ahlberg224 Lewiston StMechanic Falls, ME 04256Age 50 (Born May 1967)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 114464596Scott W Ahlberg64 Hillside DrSabattus, ME 04280Age 50 (Born May 1967)(207) 375-6148Background Check - Available
Record ID: 114464597Scott W Ahlberg19 Evergreen DrLitchfield, ME 04350(207) 268-9401Background Check - Available
Record ID: 114464598Scott W Ahlberg3 Shawmut StLewiston, ME 04240Age 50 (Born May 1967)(207) 784-4675Background Check - Available
Record ID: 114464644Scott L Ahlberg955 Croft AveWest Hollywood, CA 90069(310) 848-9903Background Check - Available
Record ID: 291241705Scott L Ahlberg955 Croft AveWest Hollywood, CA 90069(310) 848-9903Background Check - Available
Record ID: 291241713Scott W Ahlberg19 Evergreen DrLitchfield, ME 04350(207) 268-9401Background Check - Available
Record ID: 291241714Scott W Ahlberg224 Lewiston StMechanic Falls, ME 04256Age 50 (Born May 1967)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 291241715Scott W Ahlberg64 Hillside DrSabattus, ME 04280Age 50 (Born May 1967)(207) 375-6148Background Check - Available
Record ID: 291241716Scott W Ahlberg3 Shawmut StLewiston, ME 04240Age 50 (Born May 1967)(207) 784-4675Background Check - Available
Record ID: 651379651Scott L Ahlberg955 Croft AveWest Hollywood, CA 90069(310) 848-9903Background Check - Available
Record ID: 651379661Scott W Ahlberg19 Evergreen DrLitchfield, ME 04350(207) 268-9401Background Check - Available
Record ID: 651379662Scott W Ahlberg224 Lewiston StMechanic Falls, ME 04256Background Check - Available
Record ID: 651379663Scott W Ahlberg64 Hillside DrSabattus, ME 04280(207) 375-6148Background Check - Available
Record ID: 651379664Scott W Ahlberg3 Shawmut StLewiston, ME 04240(207) 784-4675Background Check - Available
Record ID: 651467917Scott W Ahlberg19 Evergreen DrLitchfield, ME 04350(207) 268-9401Background Check - Available
Record ID: 651467918Scott W Ahlberg3 Shawmut StLewiston, ME 04240Age 50 (Born May 1967)(207) 784-4675Background Check - Available
Record ID: 651467919Scott W Ahlberg224 Lewiston StMechanic Falls, ME 04256Age 50 (Born May 1967)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 651467920Scott W Ahlberg64 Hillside DrSabattus, ME 04280(207) 375-4580Background Check - Available
Record ID: 651467921Scott L Ahlberg955 Croft AveWest Hollywood, CA 90069Age 54 (Born 1963)(323) 848-9903Background Check - Available
Record ID: 651913083Scott L Ahlberg955 Croft AveWest Hollywood, CA 90069(310) 848-9903Background Check - Available
Record ID: 651913101Scott W Ahlberg19 Evergreen DrLitchfield, ME 04350(207) 268-9401Background Check - Available
Record ID: 651913102Scott W Ahlberg224 Lewiston StMechanic Falls, ME 04256Age 50 (Born May 1967)Background Check - Available
Record ID: 651913103Scott W Ahlberg64 Hillside DrSabattus, ME 04280Age 50 (Born May 1967)(207) 375-6148Background Check - Available
Record ID: 651913104Scott W Ahlberg3 Shawmut StLewiston, ME 04240Age 50 (Born May 1967)(207) 784-4675Background Check - Available








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017







Scott Scott Ahlberg - Newbury Park, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Scott Scott Ahlberg in Newbury Park, CA


Scott Scott Ahlberg

                                                                           Intelius found that Scott Scott Ahlberg  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Newbury Park, CA.  We have connected them to
                7 addresses,
                4 phones,
                and 4 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Scott Levi Ahlberg


Get Report Now

Age

Scott Scott Ahlberg is in his 50s

Scott Has Lived In

Newbury Park, CA
Los Angeles, CA
Turlock, CA

Scott's Relatives

Geneva Ahlberg
Delbert Ahlberg
Janie Ahlberg
Maryann Svaglinac







Scott Scott Ahlberg



Zodiac SignVirgo



GenderMale



Professional Status
Head of Corporate Services at Reprints Desk Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Scott? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Scott, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Scott Scott Ahlberg
Get a Criminal Check on Scott Scott Ahlberg
Get a Public Record Report on Scott Scott Ahlberg
Get a People Search Report on Scott Scott Ahlberg


Scott Scott Ahlberg's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Scott Scott Ahlberg has lived as well as Scott Scott Ahlberg's phone numbers and email addresses.




Scott Scott Ahlberg Has Lived in 1 States
California Address for Scott Scott Ahlberg


788 P******* C* 

Newbury Park, CA


Has Lived In

Newbury Park, CA
Los Angeles, CA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Scott Scott Ahlberg

(805) ***-**** - Newbury Park, CA 
(310) ***-**** - Encino, CA 
(310) ***-**** - Los Angeles, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Scott Scott Ahlberg

s******g@***.com
s**********g@***.com
s***t@***.com


Get Email Report




Scott Scott Ahlberg's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Scott Scott Ahlberg's academic history.  Find out which schools Scott Scott Ahlberg attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Scott Scott Ahlberg received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Scott Scott Ahlberg Has Attended 3 Schools
University of London 1986 – 1987                              
Stanford University               1981 – 1984               Scott Scott Ahlberg has a BA in History               
Stanford University               1981 – 1984               Scott Scott Ahlberg has a Ba, History in History               


Scott Scott Ahlberg's Professional Information
Information regarding Scott Scott Ahlberg's professional history.  Find out previous places Scott Scott Ahlberg has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Scott Scott Ahlberg Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: Reprints Desk Inc
               Title: Head of Corporate Services
Company: Infotrieve Inc
               Title: Executive Vice President
Scott Scott Ahlberg's Experience
Title: Head of Corporate Services
               Company: Reprints Desk Inc
Job Details
               Company Size: $25 mil to less than $50 mil - Employee Range: 100 to less than 500. Reprints Desk improves how journal articles and clinical reprints are accessed, procured, and legally used in evidence-based promotions, medical affairs, and scientific, technical, and medical (STM) research. Organizations fueled by intellectual property choose Reprints Desk because of its collaborative business approach, efficient article supply system and services, and commitment to quality post-sales support. Reprints Desk has ranked #1 in every Document Delivery Vendor Scorecard from industry analyst and advisory firm Outsell Inc. since 2008.
Title: Executive Vice President
               Company: Infotrieve Inc
Job Details
               Company Size: Less than $1 mil
Additional Professional Information on Scott Scott Ahlberg

 See Scott Scott Ahlberg's LinkedIn Profile



Scott Scott Ahlberg's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Scott Scott Ahlberg


Scott Scott Ahlberg's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Scott Scott Ahlberg's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Scott Ahlberg
Username Matches

                  ScottAhlberg
                  AhlbergScott
                  Scott.Ahlberg
                  Ahlberg.Scott
                  Scott_Ahlberg
                  Ahlberg_Scott
                  Scott-Ahlberg
                  Ahlberg-Scott
                  SAhlberg
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
S Ahlberg







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.
















Stacy  Ahlberg's Phone & Address | PeopleByName















 
Contact
Login










 Home
People Alphabetically
A
Ahlberg

Stacy  Ahlberg




People directory with over 600,000,000 names!

Record ID: 4316828Stacy  Ahlberg196 McclungLa Porte, IN 46350(219) 324-4278Background Check - Available
Record ID: 4316829Stacy  Ahlberg402 ScottLa Porte, IN 46350(219) 325-0738Background Check - Available
Record ID: 4316830Stacy  Ahlberg196 McclungLaporte, IN 46350(219) 325-0738Background Check - Available
Record ID: 19241639Stacy  Ahlberg402 Scott StLa Porte, IN 46350(219) 325-0738Background Check - Available
Record ID: 19241640Stacy  Ahlberg196 Mcclung RdLa Porte, IN 46350(219) 325-0738Background Check - Available
Record ID: 19241641Stacy  Ahlberg196 Mcclung RdLaporte, IN 46350(219) 325-0738Background Check - Available
Record ID: 47219593Stacy  Ahlberg196 Mcclung RdLa Porte, IN 46350(219) 325-0738Background Check - Available
Record ID: 47219594Stacy  Ahlberg402 Scott StLa Porte, IN 46350(219) 325-0738Background Check - Available
Record ID: 47219595Stacy  Ahlberg196 Mcclung RdLaporte, IN 46350(219) 325-0738Background Check - Available
Record ID: 114437306Stacy  Ahlberg402 ScottLa Porte, IN 46350(219) 325-0738Background Check - Available
Record ID: 114437307Stacy  Ahlberg196 McclungLaporte, IN 46350(219) 325-0738Background Check - Available
Record ID: 114437308Stacy  Ahlberg196 McclungLa Porte, IN 46350(219) 325-3839Background Check - Available
Record ID: 114464564Stacy  Ahlberg402 Scott StLa Porte, IN 46350(219) 325-0738Background Check - Available
Record ID: 114464565Stacy  Ahlberg196 Mcclung RdLa Porte, IN 46350(219) 325-0738Background Check - Available
Record ID: 114464566Stacy  Ahlberg196 Mcclung RdLaporte, IN 46350(219) 325-0738Background Check - Available
Record ID: 291241685Stacy  Ahlberg196 Mcclung RdLa Porte, IN 46350(219) 325-0738Background Check - Available
Record ID: 291241686Stacy  Ahlberg196 Mcclung RdLaporte, IN 46350(219) 325-0738Background Check - Available
Record ID: 291241687Stacy  Ahlberg402 Scott StLa Porte, IN 46350(219) 325-0738Background Check - Available
Record ID: 651379635Stacy  Ahlberg196 Mcclung RdLa Porte, IN 46350(219) 325-0738Background Check - Available
Record ID: 651379636Stacy  Ahlberg196 Mcclung RdLaporte, IN 46350(219) 325-0738Background Check - Available
Record ID: 651379637Stacy  Ahlberg402 Scott StLa Porte, IN 46350(219) 325-0738Background Check - Available
Record ID: 651467945Stacy  Ahlberg196 Mcclung RdLa Porte, IN 46350(219) 325-0738Background Check - Available
Record ID: 651467946Stacy  Ahlberg402 Scott StLa Porte, IN 46350(219) 325-0738Background Check - Available
Record ID: 651467947Stacy  Ahlberg196 Mcclung RdLaporte, IN 46350(219) 325-0738Background Check - Available
Record ID: 651913066Stacy  Ahlberg196 Mcclung RdLaporte, IN 46350(219) 325-0738Background Check - Available
Record ID: 651913067Stacy  Ahlberg196 Mcclung RdLa Porte, IN 46350(219) 325-0738Background Check - Available
Record ID: 651913068Stacy  Ahlberg402 Scott StLa Porte, IN 46350(219) 325-0738Background Check - Available








 


 




1,379,043,021 total records available




Tweet





  Testimonials Read testimonials from real customers who already used our services. Read More

  Webmasters Earn 75% commission on every sale you drive to our website. Weekly payouts! Read More

   Mobile Version Visit us from your smart phone anywhere you are. Read More

   Recent Lookups Check out the most recent reverse phone lookups on PeopleByName.com Read More

 



 Home Mobile Version Phone Directory People Directory Remove information
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy Affiliate Program About Us 
 Member Login Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Testimonials 
 Careers Product & Services Volume Discounts Site Map 




© PeopleByName All Rights Reserved. 2010-2017






	Carl Ahlberg Address, Phone & Email | USA People Search










	        advertisement










Member Login







People SearchReverse Phone LookupBackground CheckCriminal RecordsPublic Records









 


                             First:
                        

                              Mid:
                        

                              Last:
                        

                             City:
                        

                             State:
                        







                              


                              


                              


                              
All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
D.C.
Delaware
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





















Carl AhlbergAre you attempting to get your hands on information for Carl Ahlberg? If so, you’ve reached the perfect place. USA People Search specializes in providing data such as address, phone number, and email for individuals like Carl Ahlberg. In addition, with the large and detailed database of information we provide for people with the last name Ahlberg, you are sure to find whoever you are looking for.To make it easier for you to find the exact Carl you are looking for, we have arranged all our information into four major sections – name/aliases, age, location and possible relatives. This will help you to go through the list of people with the last name Ahlberg and find the right match. If you find a listing that resembles the Carl Ahlberg you are looking for, just click the View Details link to the right of the listing to go through all of the data we have on the person.If there’s a problem finding the Carl you need, you can try searching again with the assistance of the search box above. You can attempt a different spelling variation, but do make sure that you type in the full name as well, if you know it. Once you come across the right Carl Ahlberg, browse through the details page to see all the information we offer. Name/AKAsAgeLocationPossible Relatives1.
			Ahlberg, Carl G 
			Manchester, CTAHLBERG, ARLINE F (age 105)AHLBERG, GARY D (age 50)AHLBERG, JOHN F (age 39)
            View Details
          2.
			Mcmurry, Ralph LAssociated names:AHLBERG, CARL MCMURRAY, RALPH 73 
			Jersey City, NJShort Hills, NJMaplewood, NJChilmark, MANew York, NYMCMURRAY, JOANMCMURRAY, JOANMCMURRY, ELEANA S (age 37)MCMURRY, JOANSCANNELL, JOAN P (age 67)
            View Details
          3.
			Ahlberg, Carla SimpsonAssociated names:AHLBERG, CARLA DAWN55 
			Park City, UTHeber City, UTAHLBERG, JOSEPH DALE (age 60)AHLBERG, JULIE A (age 51)AHLBERG, MARK R (age 58)AHLBERG, SARAHAHLBERG, SINA BBERG, MELANIE BETHERS (age 54)BERG, MELANIE BETHERS (age 50)
            View Details
          4.
			Ahlberg, Carl Fredrick55 
			Riverton, UTKearns, UTSalt Lake City, UTAHLBERG, ARTHUR WALLACE (age 89)AHLBERG, JACQUELINE H (age 88)AHLBERG, LEANN B (age 50)AHLBERG, WHITNEY (age 30)
            View Details
          5.
			Ahlberg, Carla MarieAssociated names:WALDMAN, CARLA MARIE48 
			Arlington, VACentreville, VAMc Lean, VAAlexandria, VAAHLBERG, ANDREW J (age 51)BERG, IB ANTHONY (age 81)BERG, JEAN ANN (age 78)BERG, LAURA ELIZABETH (age 51)
            View Details
          6.
			Ahlberg, Carlisle EAssociated names:AHLBERG, C AHLBERG, CARLISE EAHLBERT, CARLISE 100 
			Ojai, CAValley Stream, NYAHLBERG, GLENN IVER (age 61)AHLBERG, I MARIE (age 54)AHLBERG, LISE E (age 100)AHLBERG, LORI MARIE (age 54)AHLBERG, NN IVER (age 61)AHLBERG, RICHARD A (age 104)
            View Details
          7.
			Ahlberg, Claudia GeneAssociated names:AHLBERG, C AHLBERG, CARL GAHLBERG, GENE GAHLBERG, CLAUDIA R67 
			Fowler, CAAHLBERG, CARL GENE (age 80)AHLBERG, DOROTHY MRSAHLBERG, DOUGLAS EDWARD (age 41)AHLBERG, LORAAHLBERG, WILLIAM G (age 40)AUGLBERG, CLAUDIA R
            View Details
          8.
			Ahlberg, Carl GeneAssociated names:AHLBERG, GENE 80 
			Fowler, CAAHLBERG, CLAUDIA GENE (age 67)AHLBERG, DOROTHY MRSAHLBERG, DOUGLAS EDWARD (age 41)AHLBERG, LORAAHLBERG, WILLIAM G (age 40)AUGLBERG, CLAUDIA R
            View Details
          9.
			Ahlberg, Carl A108 
			Worthington, MNAHLBERG, BRUCE L (age 62)AHLBERG, DEWIS E (age 95)AHLBERG, GUNNAR J (age 97)AHLBERG, LEONA NAHLBERG, THOMAS L (age 60)
            View Details
          10.
			Ahlberg, Carl A105 
			San Mateo, CASan Francisco, CAAHLBERG, DAVID CARL (age 47)AHLBERG, DINA D (age 117)AHLBERG, HAZEL M (age 102)AHLBERG, SHERI P (age 55)AHLBERG, TODD D
            View Details
          11.
			Ahlberg, Carl D117 
			San Mateo, CAAHLBERG, DAVID CARL (age 47)AHLBERG, DINA D (age 117)AHLBERG, HAZEL M (age 102)AHLBERG, SHERI P (age 55)AHLBERG, TODD D
            View Details
          12.
			Ahlberg, Carl FAssociated names:AHLBERG,  C79 
			Marengo, IL 
            View Details
          13.
			Ahlberg, Carl GustaveAssociated names:AHLBERG, CAROL SAHLBERG, CARL SCOTT44 
			Lemont, IL 
            View Details
          14.
			Ahlberg, Sharon RAssociated names:AHLBERG, SCOTT AHLBERG, CARL S44 
			Lemont, IL 
            View Details
          15.
			Ahlberg, Carl E70 
			Rocklin, CARoseville, CAAHLBERG, BETTIE LOU (age 92)AHLBERG, BETTY TRUSTAHLBERG, ERIK CARLAHLBERG, ERIN ELISABETH (age 40)AHLBERG, JEFFREY B (age 42)AHLBRG, INGABORA M (age 70)LAUCHNER, REBECCA A (age 42)MAHLBERG, I M
            View Details
          16.
			Ahlberg, Carlise LAssociated names:HILL, CARLISE L41 
			Saint Petersburg, FLSt Petersburg, FLNorth Pole, AKRochester, NYAlbion, NYAHLBERG, KATHLEEN MARY (age 70)AHLBERG, LYNN A (age 40)AHLBERG, THEOBERT R (age 75)AHLBERG, TIBBS R (age 44)HILL, CARLISE LYNN (age 41)HILL, DWAYNE CHRISTOPHER (age 42)HILL, P AHILL, PATTYHILL, VIC
            View Details
          17.
			Ahlberg, Carl SAssociated names:AHLBERG, CARL AHLBERG, CARL SAHMBERG, CARL 79 
			Minneapolis, MNSaint Paul, MNAHLBERG, CSAHLBERG, EVELYN B (age 79)AHLBERG, SUZANN L (age 48)AHLBERG, TIMOTHY ANDREW (age 50)
            View Details
          18.
			Ahlberg, Carl J42 
			Jersey City, NJProvidence, RI 
            View Details
          19.
			Ahlberg, Carl E37 
			Leeds, NDDevils Lake, NDAHLBERG, DANIEL M (age 35)AHLBERG, DAWN M (age 58)AHLBERG, MARK F (age 59)AHLBERG, REBECCA D (age 32)BERG, AARON M (age 52)WIRTH, RENAE N (age 37)
            View Details
          20.
			Ahlberg, Carl 
			Arlington, MA 
            View Details
          21.
			Ahlberg, Carl R78 
			Belmont, MACambridge, MAAHLBERG, H
            View Details
          22.
			Ahlberg,  CarlAssociated names:AHLBERG, C S 
			Minneapolis, MNAHLBERG, CARL S (age 79)AHLBERG, CS
            View Details
          23.
			Ahlberg, Carl E116 
			  
            View Details
          24.
			Ahlberg, Carl F112 
			Belvidere, IL 
            View Details
          25.
			Ahlberg, Carla 
			  
            View Details
          26.
			Ahlberg, Carl R 
			Woburn, MAAHLBERG, SONYA M (age 48)
            View Details
          27.
			Ahlberg, Carl 
			Providence, RI 
            View Details
          28.
			Ahlberg, Carl S 
			Minneapolis, MNAHLBERG, EVELYN B (age 79)AHLBERG, SUZANN L (age 48)AHLBERG, TIMOTHY ANDREW (age 50)
            View Details
          29.
			Ahlberg, Ahlberg Carl 
			San Clemente, CAAHLBERG, ERIN ELISABETH (age 40)AHLBERG, INGA M
            View Details
          30.
			Ahlberg, Carla M 
			Manassas, VAAHLBERG, ANDREW J (age 51)AHLBERG, WALDMAN
            View Details
          31.
			Ahlberg, Carl J40 
			Los Angeles, CAPasadena, CA 
            View Details
          32.
			Ahlberg, Carl F 
			Meadow Vista, CA 
            View Details
          33.
			Ahlberg, Carl S 
			Minneapolis, MNAHLBERG, EVELYN B (age 79)AHLBERG, JEFFREY A
            View Details
          34.
			Ahlberg, Carl E 
			San Clemente, CA 
            View Details
          35.
			Ahlberg, Carl 
			Auburn, CAAHLBERG, BETTEAHLBERG, BETTIE LOU (age 92)AHLBERG, BETTY TRUSTAHLBERG, EBER RUSSELL
            View Details
          




















                USA People Search helps you find anyone instantly, and learn more about them from public records. 
                USA People Search is not a consumer reporting agency, as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). 
                This site cannot be used for employment, credit or tenant screening, or any related purpose. To learn more, please visit our
                Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
                



A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z 

Home  |  
        About Us  |  
        All Products  |  
        People Directory  | 
        Articles  |  
        Help  |  
        Privacy  |  
        Terms & Conditions  |  
        Contact Us  |  
        Link To Us  |  
        Bookmark Us

        ©2017 USA People Search
			
        







UC Irvine - Faculty Profile System





















For Faculty
|
Search Tips
|
About
 





Julia M. Gelfand
Applied Sciences, Engineering & Public Health Librarian, UCI Libraries
								

								
									
									
										
											
										
									

									
										
											
										
										
									
									
										
											
										
										
									
									
										
											
										
										
									
									B.A., Goucher College, 1975, History & Sociology
M.A., Case Western Reserve University, 1977, History
M.L.I.S., Case Western Reserve University, 1977, Information Science

									
								

								
								
									
										Phone: (949) 824-4971
									
									
			
								
									
									
										Fax: (949) 559-5424
									
			
								

								
										Email: jgelfand@uci.edu

								
									University of California, Irvine
									228 Ayala Science Library
									
									
									
										Mail Code: 8200
									
									Irvine, CA 92623


















ResearchInterests



		
		
		
			Collection development, scholarly communications, economics of publishing, grey literature, map librarianship.
		
	


 
 




		AcademicDistinctions
	

		
		Awarded LAUC Statewide Research & Professional Development Committee Grant in 2009-2010 for professional development travel.  Used for travel expenses associated with attending the 2009 International Grey Literature Conference in Washington, DC, December 2009.Admitted as a member of Sigma Xi, The Scientific Research Society, May 2008 and made professional member July 2009.University of California, Irvine Faculty Career Development Award, April 2007.  Used to travel to Durban, South Africa for IFLA 2007 Conference. August 2007.Recipient of WESS/ACRL Frankfurt Book Fair Award, October 2004.Recognized as Leading Editor for serving as co-editor of Library Hi-Tech News, by Emerald/MCB University Press, London, April 24, 2003.Recognized for Outstanding Achievement in Grey Literature with a Literati Award for Excellence by MCB University Press in London, England, April 26, 1999.  Second Presentation made in Washington, DC, November 5, 1999.Rank of Librarian with Distinction, awarded July 1996.University of California, Irvine, Faculty Career Development Award, February 1996.  Used to attend two national conferences.Fulbright U.K. Professional Librarian Research Award, 1992-93, in residence at Libraries of Science Museum & Imperial College of Science, Technology and Medicine, London, January-May 1993.Thomas J. Watson Foundation Fellow, 1975-76.
	


 
 




			ResearchAbstract
		


		

		
		

		
		My extracurricular interests are centered around collection development and scholarly publishing activities.  The changes in scholarly publishing due to technology and electronic publishing have redefined ways that libraries acquire and license information.  I am interested in a variety of permutations about this for scholarly communications, and byproducts such as the redefinition of grey literature, future of open access, impact on textbooks.  I am also interested in issues related to higher education and the formation and role of academic consortia in growing library shared resources and eScholarship programs.
	


 
 




					Publications
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						Lin, Anthony and Gelfand, Julia, “Sexuality Leveraged Through Diversity: Recognizing LGBT+ Communities.”  Paper delivered at the 18th International Grey Literature Conference in New York, November 28, 2016.  To be published in conference proceedings. Gelfand, J., Batey, C., Kemperman, T.,   “Reimagining the Library: Relationships between Library Collections, Space and Public Services.” Presentation made at the Charleston Conference, November 3, 2016.Higgins, M., Kemperman, T., Smit, H.PA., Gelfand, J., “Are We in Sync: Academic and Public Libraries?” Presentation made at the Charleston Conference, November 3, 2016.Gelfand, Julia, “Where is the Science? Are Books Still Important? Do Academic Libraries Have Science Books?” Paper presented at the AAAS Pacific Meeting, San Diego, CA, June 15, 2016.Tsang, Daniel and Gelfand, Julia, “The Changing Landscape of Research Library Collections: Ensuring Realistic Sustainability.”  Paper delivered at the Academic Librarian 4 Conference, Hong Kong University of Science & Technology, Hong Kong, June 2-3, 2016. Paper to be published in conference proceedings.Gelfand, Julia and Lin, Anthony (Tony), “Academic and Public Libraries:  Synergies That Build and Strengthen Relationships,” Paper accepted to be delivered at the METLIBS 2016 Conference, Doha, Qatar, April 23-28, 2016.  Mullen, Laura Bowering and Gelfand, Julia, “Creating a Publishing Legacy: Managing Your Digital Profile.” Workshop to be given at the AAAS Annual Meeting, Washington, DC, February 12, 2016.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						Gelfand, Julia and Sanders, Susan, “Evidence-Based eBook Purchasing: Results and Implications from a Consortia-Publisher Initiative,” Presentation at 2014 Charleston Conference, Charleston, SC, November 7, 2014.Gelfand, Julia, Fusco, Michael, Burton, Howard and Lawrence, Eileen, “Out of the Basement: Impact of Video on New Library Resources and Library Collections and Services,” Presentation at the 2014 Charleston Conference, Charleston, SC, November 6, 2014.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						Gelfand, Julia and Fletcher, Lydia, “Video Incorporation in Scientific Publishing: New Roles for Libraries to Consider,” Presentation at the Library Science Symposium, AAAS Pacific Division Meeting, UC Riverside, June 20, 2014.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						Gelfand, Julia and Lin, Anthony, “New Potential in Presenting Research in the Engineering Literature: Opportunities for Scholarship and Instruction through Video” Workshop presented at the American Society for Engineering Education, Pacific Region Meeting, Long Beach, CA: April 25, 2014.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						Mullin, Laura B. and Gelfand, Julia, “Manage Your Online Profile, Maximize the Visibility of Your Work and Make an Impact!” Workshop  presented at the American Association for the Advancement of Science, Chicago, IL: February 14, 2014.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						Gelfand, Julia and Lin, Anthony (Tony), “Library as Publisher: Textual and Non-Textual Grey Literature in Digital Scholarship,” Paper presented at the 17th International Conference on Grey Literature, Amsterdam, The Netherlands, December 1, 2015. Published in the conference proceedings and in the Grey Journal. http://escholarship.org/uc/item/80w006rzPeterson, Jan, Ahlberg, Scott, Ramsden, Tom, Archambault, Eric and Gelfand, Julia, “New Methods for Extending Access: Implications for Publishers and Library Collections & Services.”  Presentation made at the Charleston Conference, November 4, 2015.Plosker, George, Bhatt, JJ, Bailey, Ryan and Gelfand, Julia, "In-house Marketing of Library Services - Leveraging Vendor Resources", Panel Presentation delivered at the ASEE Engineering Libraries Division Annual Meeting, Seattle, WA, June 15, 2015.Gelfand, Julia, “Entrepreneurship & Engineering: Opportunities for Courses, Programming, Resource Integration,” Lightning Talk presented at the ASEE Engineering Libraries Division Annual Meeting, Seattle, WA, June 15, 2015.Funk, Mark and Gelfand, Julia, JoVE Webinar Series, “What Keeps Librarians Up at Night?” April 22, 2015.Gelfand, Julia and Tsang, Daniel, “Data: Is it Grey, Maligned or Malignant?” Paper presented at the 16th International Conference on Grey Literature, Washington, DC, December 9, 2014. Published in The Grey Journal 11,# 1, 2015: 30-40.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						Gelfand, Julia, and Palmer, Cathy, “Weaving Scholarly Communication and Information Literacy: Strategies for incorporating both threads in academic library outreach?” chapter in Davis-Kahl, Stephanie and  Hensley, Melinda, eds,, Extend and Unify: Outreach and Education for Scholarly Communication and Information Literacy Programs.  Chicago, IL: ACRL, 2013Intersections of Scholarly Communication and Information Literacy: Creating Strategic Collaborations for a Changing Academic Environment,White Paper from the ACRL Intersections of Information Literacy and Scholarly Communication Working Group (title still to be TBA), released at the ACRL 2013 Conference, Indianapolis, IN: April 2013. Co-authored by 7 member Working Group, chaired by Barbara DeFelice.Davis-Kahl, Stephanie, Palmer, Cathy, Duckett, Kim and Gelfand, Julia, “Information Literacy and Scholarly Communication: Mutually Exclusive or Naturally Symbiotic?” Panel presentation at ACRL National Conference 2013, April 11, 2013, Indianapolis, IN.Gelfand, Julia and Lin, Anthony, “Research Life Cycle:  Exploring Credibility of Metrics and Value in a New Era of eScholarship that Supports Grey Literature," presented at the 14th International Conference on Grey Literature,” November 30, 2012, Rome, Italy.Gelfand, Julia, et al, “Knowing What You Want to Close the Deal with a Positive Outcome: Promoting Healthy Library Publisher/Provider Relationships,” XXVII Charleston Conference, November 9, 2012, Charleston, SC.Gelfand, Julia and Lin, Anthony, “All Agents of Instruction and Communication: The Intersections between Libraries, Archives and Museums via Social Media,” Paper presented at the Fifth Rizal Library International Conference, October 26, 2012, Manila, Philippines.Gelfand, Julia and Lin, Anthony, “Grey Literature: Format Agnostic Yet Gaining Recognition in Library Collections,” Paper presented at the Satellite Meeting of the IFLA Acquisitions & Collection Development and Serials Sections, Kuopio, Finland.Gelfand, Julia and Lin, Anthony, “Social Networking: Product or Process and What Shade of Grey?” Paper  presented at the 13th International Conference on Grey Literature, December 5, 2011, Washington, DC.  GL13 Conference Proceedings, February 2012 and in The Grey Journal 8 (1), Spring 2012: 14-27. Gelfand, Julia, “Scholarly Communications in the Sciences: Providing Leadership for the Next Generation of Scientists,” Faculty Poster Session at the 125th Anniversary Meeting of Sigma Xi, November 11-12, 2011, Raleigh, NC.Gelfand, Julia, Palmer, Cathy, Miller, Sylvia and Claypool, Joel, “Scholarly Communications: Intersections that Reinforce New Library Collections” Lively Lunch program at XXXI Charleston Conference, November 4, 2011, Charleston, SC.  Gelfand, Julia, “Participating in Engineering Extracurricular Activities as a Librarian,” Lightening Talk at Engineering Librarians Division meeting of ASEE, June 27, 2011, Vancouver, BC, Canada.Gelfand, Julia, “Retaining Authors’ Rights: Long-Term Protection in Adopting New Habits for a  Flexible Scholarly Future,” Presentation  delivered at the Science Library Symposium, at the AAAS Pacific Division annual conference, June 13, 2011, San Diego, CA.Palmer, Catherine and Gelfand, Julia, “Information Literacy and Scholarly Communication: Alignments and Disconnects – What Can We Learn?” Poster Session at the ACRL 2011 National Conference, Philadelphia, PA, March 30-April 2, 2011.   Gelfand, Julia, Invited Panelist and Speaker, “Closer Than You Think: Librarian Perceptions versus User Needs,” XXX Charleston Conference, November 4, 2010.Kane, Danielle, Allison, L. Virginia, Gelfand, Julia and Williams, Brian, “Digital Environments and Libraries: Using Second Life as a Catalyst for Campus-wide Visual Literacy Initiatives,” Paper presented by J. Gelfand at the IFLA 2010 Conference, Gothenburg, Sweden, August 15, 2010.           http://www.ifla.org/files/hq/papers/ifla76/151-kane-en.pdfGelfand, Julia and Brown, Mitchell, Co-Curators of the Spring 2010 Library Exhibit, “Green Evolution: Creating a Sustainable Future,” May 2010 - October 2010.  The exhibit treats the changing conditions of our environment while showcasing a range of sustainability research and practice that is taking place at UCI and beyond. Topics covered include global warming and climate change, energy and alternative resources, water quality and management, and the latest practices for going green.  An array of materials on display illustrates the evolution of environmental science and the scope of activity that has influenced progress in the field of energy alternatives.  presentation | checklist (pdf) | brochure (pdf) | event photos Gelfand, Julia, “The Future of A&I Databases: Are They Really Endangered? A Librarian’s Viewpoint.”  Presentation made at the ACRL Science & Technology Section Publisher/Vendor Discussion Group.  ALA Midwinter Meeting, Boston, MA: January 17, 2010.Gelfand, Julia, Convener and Presenter at three sessions, “Collection Development in the Sciences,” “Training and Becoming a Science Librarian in 2010,” and Science Libraries: Promoting Science” at the Science Libraries STELLA UnConference, held at the University of Denver, January 7-8, 2010.Gelfand, Julia, “New Shades of Grey: The Emergence of E-Science, Scientific Data and Challenges for Research Libraries.”  Presentation at the 11th International Conference on Grey Literature, Washington, DC, December 12, 2009.  Published in the Conference Proceedings, 2010.Invited Commentator at the ACRL Science & Technology Section Research Forum, ALA Annual Conference, Chicago, IL, July 12, 2009.  Delivered comments on three papers and two poster presentations.Gelfand, Julia, “Changing Collections for eScience: What it Means for Libraries,” Presentation made at the IFLA Acquisitions and Collection Development Section Mid-Year Meeting, China Academy of Sciences, Beijing, February 26, 2009.Gelfand, Julia and Sibert, Lisa, “In Perpetuity: Institutional and Implementation Challenges with Electronic Resources Librarianship,” Paper presented at the Fourth Electronic Resources & Libraries Conference, Los Angeles, CA, February 10, 2009.  Gelfand, Julia, “Reflecting Backward, Looking Forward: A Decade of Grey Literature Conferences.”  Closing summary of issues presented at the 10th International Grey Literature Conference, Amsterdam, December 8, 2008.Organizer & Moderator, IFLA Satellite Conference, Montreal, Quebec, Canada, "International Science Portals," co-sponsored by the IFLA Science & Technology Section and the IFLA Government Information & Official Publications Section, August 8, 2008.Gelfand, Julia, Invited panelist on two programs, “How Libraries Buy: What Sources of Information Are Most Effective?” and “What Libraries Wish Publishers Knew: What Makes Them Tick, What Ticks Them Off,” Book Expo America (BEA) 2008 Annual Program, Los Angeles, May 31, 2008.Gelfand, Julia, “Overview of Issues in Contemporary Collection Development,” Presentation made at the IFLA Acquisitions and Collection Development Section Mid-Year Meeting, University of Guadalajara, Mexico, March 13, 2008.Co-editor, Library Hi-Tech News, beginning with volume 18, #3, March 2001.  Publications issued 10x/year by MCB University Press and available in print and electronically via Emerald Database, www.mcb.uk.co/lhtn or www.emeraldinsight.com.Ferry, K., Gelfand, J., Peterman, D., and Tomren, H., "Virtual Reality and Establishing a Presence in Second Life: New Forms of Grey Literature?" Paper presented at the Ninth International Conference on Grey Literature, Antwerp, Belgium, December 11, 2007.  Proceedings forthcoming.Gelfand, Julia M., "Updating Grey Literature as Distance Education Matures," Paper presented at the Ninth International Conference on Grey Literature, Antwerp, Belgium, December 11, 2007.  Proceedings forthcoming.Gelfand, Julia M., "Gaming the Impact Factor: Viewpoint from Libraries and Librarians," Presentation made as part of panel at the XXVII Charleston Conference, November 8, 2007.Gelfand, Julia M., "Grey Literature:  Taxonomies and Structures for Collection Development," Paper presented at  the Eighth International Grey Literature Conference, New Orleans, December 4, 2006.  Published in GL8, Conference Proceedings: Eighth International Conference on Grey Literature: Harnessing the Power of Grey, 4-5 December 2006 , compiled  by D. J. Farace and J. Frantzen. Amsterdam: TextRelease, February 2007: CD-ROM. Also published in The GreyJournal, vol. 3 #1:7-16 Spring 2007 http://www.greynet.org/thegreyjournal.html)Gelfand, Julia M., "Challenges for Collections in New Collaborative Teaching and Learning Environments: Does Grey Literature Fill a Void?" Paper presented at the Seventh International Grey Literature Conference, INIST, Nancy, France, December 5, 2005.  Published in GL7, Conference Proceedings: Seventh International Conference on Grey Literature, Open Access to Grey Resources 5-6 December 2005, compiled by D.J. Farace and J. Frantzen.  Amsterdam: TextRelease, January 2006:71-76.Gelfand, Julia M., "What is New in Grey Literature: Everything from the Textbook Market to the Blogosphere," The Grey Journal, vol. 1 #3, Autumn 2005.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						Gelfand, Julia and Lin, Anthony, “New Potential in Presenting Research in the Engineering Literature:  Opportunities for Scholarship and Instruction through Video” Workshop presented at the American Society for Engineering Education, Pacific Region Meeting, Long Beach, CA: April 25, 2014.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						“Knock, Knock, Has Grey Literature Found a Home in Institutional Repositories?”  Paper presented at the Sixth International Grey Literature Conference, December 6, 2004, New York.  Published in GL6 Conference Proceedings: Sixth International Conference o Grey Literature: Work on Grey in Progress 6-7 December 2004, complied by D. J. Farace and J. Frantzen.  Amsterdam: TextRelease, January 2005: 10-16.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						“Insta-Writing: One Stop Submissions, One Stop Searching and the One Quick Read,” Invited paper presented at the Emerald Link Presentation, IFLA Convention, Buenos Aires, August 23, 2004.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						“Interdisciplinarity Reflected in Collection Development Practices in Engineering,” Presentation at the Engineering Libraries Division, American Society of Engineering Education, Salt Lake City, UT, June 23, 2004.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						“The Ubiquity of Grey Literature in a Connected Content Context,” Paper presented at the Fifth International Grey Literature Conference December 5, 2003 in Amsterdam.  Published in Publishing Research Quarterly, 20, (1): 54-61, Spring 2004.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						“Grey Literature: How Grey is Grey?”  Presentation to the ACRL STS Discussion Group, ALA Annual Conference, Toronto, June 21, 2003.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						Subject Advisor for Best Books for Academic Libraries, Volume 1: Science, Technology and Agriculture; and Volume 2: Medicine.  Temecula, CA: Best Books, 2002-03.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						“Interdisciplinarity Across Subject Paths & Institutions: Leading to New Outcomes - Evolution of the Cal-IT2 Project,” Paper presented at the IATUL 2002 Conference, Kansas City, MO., June 3, 2002.  Published proceedings at: http://www.iatul.org/conference/proceedings/vol12/papers/Gelfand.pdf



 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						“ABET Accreditation Process and the Library & Information Literacy Component,” Invited Paper presented at the ASEE Pacific Southwest Regional Annual Meeting, Fresno, CA, April 8, 2002.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						“Grey Literature: Sources and Methods Related to Critical Technologies,” Invited paper presented at the Open Source Society Annual Conference (OSS2001), Arlington, VA, May 8, 2001.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						“Grey Literature in Academic and Other Knowledge Rich Communities,” Invited Paper presented at the National Online Meeting, New York, May 16, 2000.  Text of paper & slides available at http://www.infotoday.com/nom2000/presentations/default.htm



 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						“Grey Literature Poses New Challenge for Research Libraries,” paper presented at the 50th Anniversary of the Center for Research Libraries Conference on Cooperative Collection Development, Atlanta, GA, November 13, 1999.  Conference Proceedings co-published simultaneously as Collection Management volume 24, #1/2 and #3/4, 2000, 137-148 and as Creating New Strategies for Cooperative Collection Development, Papers from the Aberdeen Woods Conference, edited by Milton T. Wolf and Marjorie E. Bloss.  Binghamton, NY: Harrington Park Press/Haworth Press, 2000.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						Editor, International Journal of Grey Literature, new launch of peer-reviewed journal title by MCB University Press, Bradford, England, of quarterly publication to be issued in print and electronically.  Volume I, #1 released Autumn, 1999.  See http://www.mcb.co.uk/journals-online/ijgl.  Venture ended in November 2000 after 4 issues due to Publisher's decision about not proceeding with developing GreyNet.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						“Grey Literature: Plausible Applications for Distance Education,” paper delivered at the Fourth International Conference on Grey Literature, Washington, DC, October 4, 1999; GL '99 New Frontiers in Grey Literature Conference Proceedings.  Amsterdam: GreyNet, 2000: 1-11.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						Gelfand, Julia M. and John L. King, “Grey Market Science: Research Libraries, Grey Literature, and the Legitimization of Scientific Discourse in the Internet Age,” Paper presented at the IEEE Socioeconomic Dimensions of Electronic Publishing Workshop, in cooperation with the 1998 IEEE International Conference in Advances in Digital Libraries (ADL '98), Santa Barbara, CA, April 24, 1998.  In Nielsen, C.S. and J.R. Herkert, eds, Proceedings, Socioeconomic Dimensions of Electronic Publishing Workshop, IEEE, 1998: 115-0.  Cited in Chemical & Engineering News, 76, (20), May 18, 1998: 12.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						“Teaching and Exposing Grey Literature: What the Information Profession Needs to Know,” Paper delivered at the Third International Conference on Grey Literature, Luxembourg, November 12, 1997.  Proceedings forthcoming.  Also published in Collection Building, vol. 17 #4, 1998: 159-166.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						“Academic Libraries and Collection Development: Implications for Grey Literature,” Publishing Research Quarterly, vol. 13, #2, Summer 1997: 15-24.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						“Grey Literature in New Packages: Implications from the Transition to Electronic Publishing,” Paper presented at the 2d International Conference on Grey Literature, 1st plenary session, Washington, DC, 2 November 1995.  Grey Exploitations in the 21st Century, Conference Proceedings of the Second International Conference on Grey Literature, February 1996: 18-32.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						Gelfand, Julia M. and Mark Needleman, “TULIP: Participating in an Experiment of Electronic Fulltext Journal Access,” paper presented at the IATUL Seminar, Sheffield, England, July 7, 1994.  IATUL Proceedings, vol 4 (new series) 1995: 150-195.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						“Academic Libraries and Collection Development Implications of Grey Literature,” paper presented at the First International Conference on Grey Literature, 2nd plenary session, Amsterdam, Netherlands, December 14, 1993, in Weinberg Report 2000, Conference Proceedings.  Amsterdam, Transatlantic, 1994: 123-141.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						“Coordinated Collection Development Issues and Efforts: Utilizing Technologies to Provide Information Services,” paper presented at the 14th Biennial IATUL (International Association of Technological University Libraries) Meeting, Cambridge, MA., July 12, 1991.  In Lucker, Jay, ed., IATUL Proceedings, volume 1 (new series), 1992: 169-174.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						“Cooperative and Collaborative Collection Development: Planning and Outcomes to Date in the University of California Experience,” paper presented at the City University of New York Conference on Cooperative Collection Management, April 12, 1991, New York, NY.  In Collection Development: Survival Tactics in an Age of Less: Selected Proceedings of the 1991 LACUNY Institute, LACUNY Occasional Paper #7.  NY: Library Association of the City University of New York, 1992.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						Gelfand, Julia M. and Locke Morrisey, Selective Guide to Literature on Artificial Intelligence and Expert Systems, Engineering Literature Guides, Number 12.  Washington, DC: American Society for Engineering Education, 1992.
					
				
			


 
 




					 
				


			 	
				

				

				

				
					
					
						
					
				

				

				

				
				
			 	
				
					
						“The Reflections of Multidisciplines in Engineering Publishing,” paper delivered at the American Society for Engineering Education Annual Meeting, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, June 28, 1990.
					
				
			


 
 




				
					Grants
				
				


				
				Council on Library Resources Librarian/Faculty PETREL Grant, 1983.
			


 
 







				
				Women's Resource Center Grant, Univ. of Denver, 1980.
			


 
 




						ProfessionalSocieties
					


				
					American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS), Secretary, Section T, 2012-
				
					American Library Association (ALA)
				
					     Association of College & Research Libraries (ACRL) - Member-at-Large, Board of Directors, 2013-2017
				
					          Science & Technology Section, vice chair/chair-elect 2004-2007
				
					     Reference & Users Services Association (RUSA)
				
					     Association for Library Collections & Technical Services (ALCTS)
				
					     International Relations Round Table (IRRT)
				
					     Map & Geography Libraries Round Table (MAGERT)
				
					American Society of Engineering Education (ASEE)
				
					     Engineering Libraries Division (ELD)
				
					California Association of Research Libraries (CARL)
				
					     Science & Engineering Academic Librarians (SEAL)
				
					Int'l Association of Technological University Libraries (IATUL)
				
					International Federation of Library Associations (IFLA)
				
					     Science & Technology, 1999-2007 & Section chair/treasurer, 2001-2005; Secretary, 2015-2017; Acquisitions & Collection Development Section, 2007-2015
				
					Society of Scholarly Publishing (SSP)



 

			
 

			



Other Experience


				

				
					
				
				
					
				
				
					
				
				
					
				
				
					Reference LibrarianUniversity of Denver 1977—1981






				

				
					
				
				
					
				
				
					
				
				
					
				
				
					Adjunct FacultySIRLS, University of Arizona 1994—2007






				

				
					
				
				
					
				
				
					
				
				
					
				
				
					Adjunct FacultySchool of Library & Information Science, San Jose State University 1988—1995



 
 




				Link to this profile
			


http://www.faculty.uci.edu/profile.cfm?faculty_id=5199



 
 




				Last updated
			


			01/10/2017
		


 
 


 
 


 
 





A campus service provided by:






 Email  FPS Support

 UCI Operator  949.824.5011



 Read  UCI News

 Journalists  Media Inquiry


University of California, Irvine Office of Research5171 California, Suite 150Irvine, CA 92697


© 2015 The Regents of the University of California      Privacy & Legal Notice





The Cutting Edge Salon - 首页 | Facebook
















Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？注册首页简介服务点评照片帖子社群创建主页社群查看全部650 位用户赞了640 位用户关注了63 位用户来过简介全部Beatrice, Nebraska 322 Court St 68310, NE+1 402-223-4855一般回复时间：24 小时内Contact The Cutting Edge Salon on Messenger发廊营业时间：09:00 - 18:00正在营业人气650 位用户赞了63 次访问类似主页Nico's Army社群Salon Nuvo - Liz Borgman发廊Back Roads Restoration地方性商家发廊 在 Beatrice, Nebraska 中地点Beatrice, Nebraska美容、美妆与个人护理美容院发廊The Cutting Edge Salon中文(简体) · English (US) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Français (France)隐私权政策 · 条款 · 广告发布 · 广告选项 · Cookie · 更多 Facebook © 2017服务Long hair is our specialty!! All the most current techniques.Balayage, highlights, lowlights, color melts, and fashion colors, we do it all!!!Cutting edge color servicesWe practice all the current coloring techniques 全部点评35 条点评你打几分？Meagan Leigh Walker · 2017年4月6日I've been going to Megan at The Cutting Edge now for almost 2 years and I love her. She always meets my expectations, is friendly, kind, and great at what she does. I've recommended her to many of my friends. Very pleased customer!!!Lisa Dissmeyer-Evers · 2017年4月5日Beautiful people, wonderful place!!!  Kim and Abby are amazing at what they do!  They love their clients and treat them well!!  �them!!Colleen Dorn · 2017年4月6日I go to Abby i love her does a wonderful job everyone  in the shop is friendlyConnie Russell · 2017年4月6日Abby at The Cutting Edge has been my stylist for over ten years and I always look forward to my appointments. She keeps me looking young!Joane Jones · 2015年10月18日its always great to see kim an the ladies in the shop. satisfied  client for 16 years! appreciate her professionalism, competency, and friendship.John Price · 2013年11月28日I had Trish cut my hair and what a fantastic job she did I got the wife's approval too so BONUS I have found my new hair salon.Paige Adams · 2014年10月3日Thanks you Abby for the awesome hair color! I love it.Deb Schotte Dwerlkotte · 2013年11月13日I love the cutting edge.  I wish Kim could make an appt. and come to Kansas.  Cindy and I Miss You and Abby!!Dani Niss2013年2月8日I just had my first ever appointment with Missy.  She was super sweet and I love my new haircut! I will definitely be back!Stephanie-Ryan Belt2012年12月7日Best Salon Ever :)全部帖子The Cutting Edge Salon 上传了 3 张新照片。 · 6月23日 · Pretty little up-style for this beauty!The Cutting Edge Salon 上传了 1 张新照片。 · 5月10日 · 全部帖子The Cutting Edge Salon · 5月10日 · DonateThe Cutting Edge Salon · 4月27日 · What???? A picture????  SURE!!The Cutting Edge Salon 分享了帖子 · 4月11日 · 发布者：Gary Call1,498 次播放1,498 次播放Gary Call · 4月11日 · The Elements of Color is the very best explanation of color theory available. It was created in 1986 by Sebastian International and used to train their salons a...nd educators. In 1987 I became a full time Sebastian Specialist and many of the experiences I had there led to additional opportunities later. It serves as one of the foundations of my career.  I've shared this video on professional pages like The Color Bar and Hairstylist Diversity University. I'm posting it here by request so that my professional friends can share it with others. We used to kill ourselves trying to control the results of Redissimo, Crystal and Black Orchid Cellophanes! They would be perfect for today's market!! Enjoy and get the info out there - Always Seek & Share Knowledge! Linda Lee Mitchell, Dee DeLuca-Mattos, Paula Malloy-Huerta, Sydney Berry, Michael Shea, Karen Shea, Warren Peskin, Bonnie Bonadeo, Missy Duffle, Falecia Wilson, Carol Wood Anderson, Carla Simpson Ahlberg, Laura Young, Scott Cox, Anthony Guthmiller, Diva Poulos, Shay Hoelscher, Tiffany Conorich, Lisa Power,Kevin Michel, Henry Arias, 展开The Cutting Edge Salon · 4月10日 · Always educating ourselves to bring The Cutting Edge clients the best we have to offer. We learned a lot today and we have some exciting new products to share with you ask us all about it.The Cutting Edge Salon 上传了 13 张新照片。 · 4月7日 · Cutting Edge Beauties 🌹🏵🌺🌻+10The Cutting Edge Salon · 3月29日 · Since 1989 !!!!!!¡The Cutting Edge Salon 分享了自己的照片 · 3月29日 · The Cutting Edge Salon · 觉得被关爱 · 2015年10月16日 · Thank you for supporting our salon, The Cutting Edge girlsThe Cutting Edge Salon · 3月24日 · We have been working on getting back to blonde safely, after being a red violet. Remember it's not easy to get back to blonde after going dark or red. This was our second session of lifting.🌷The Cutting Edge Salon 上传了 4 张新照片。 · 3月24日 · Before and After. Babylights are the perfect way to lighten your look. Paired with a soft balayge💗The Cutting Edge Salon 上传了 2 张新照片。 · 3月20日 · Before and After. ⭐️The Cutting Edge Salon 上传了 3 张新照片。 · 3月17日 · These 3 beauties wanted to lighten things up for spring! All free hand, balayage looks. Call for your new spring hue today! 🌼🌹🌸🌷402-223-4855The Cutting Edge Salon · 2月25日 · Cut this little cuties hair for the first time today!!! 💕you Baby Everett!The Cutting Edge Salon · 1月6日 · If you have any wave or curl in your hair and want to increase the overall wave pattern....YOU MUST TRY THIS PRODUCT!!! The Cutting Edge  carries the complete line of these fabulous products! !更多





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









﻿





Scottbrand - Error handling- 500 page


































Unexpected Error

                                        It looks like our system hit the sheets early and wasn't

                                        able to complete your request.
                                        Please try again.
                                    
RETURN TO THE HOMEPAGE












Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name






































Amazon.com: ahlberg: Books







 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Books



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Amazon Charts Best Sellers & More The New York Times® Best Sellers Children's Books Textbooks Textbook Rentals Sell Us Your Books Best Books of the Month Kindle eBooks 























































































1-12 of 1,035 results for Books : 
"ahlberg"


"ahlberg" 
                                





                                 Cancel









Sort by 
Relevance
Featured
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Publication Date
Most reviews

























Book Format:Board Book|Paperback|Hardcover|Kindle Edition



Each Peach Pear Plum board book (Viking Kestrel Picture Books)Sep 1, 1999by Allan Ahlberg and Janet AhlbergBoard book
$
3
05

$6.99PrimeGet it by TODAY, Jul 25FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$0.99(205 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
4
22

Auto-delivered wirelesslyOther Formats:Paperback, Audible Audio Edition, School & Library Binding
4.8 out of 5 stars
248The Jolly PostmanSep 1, 2001by Allan Ahlberg and Janet AhlbergHardcover
$
12
51

$19.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 26FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$3.13(62 used &amp new offers)Paperback$8.63(19 used &amp new offers)Other Formats:Audio Cassette
4.8 out of 5 stars
305Peek-a-BooSep 1, 1997by Allan Ahlberg and Janet AhlbergBoard book
$
6
47

$7.99PrimeGet it by TODAY, Jul 25FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$0.88(139 used &amp new offers)Paperback$1.75(28 used &amp new offers)Other Formats:Hardcover
4.7 out of 5 stars
68The PencilOct 9, 2012by Allan Ahlberg and Bruce IngmanPaperback
$
6
56

PrimeGet it by TODAY, Jul 25FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$2.56(67 used &amp new offers)Library Binding
$
17
18

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 6 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$13.00(14 used &amp new offers)
4.7 out of 5 stars
58









Invitations from God: Accepting God's Offer to Rest, Weep, Forgive, Wait, Remember and MoreJul 3, 2011by Adele Ahlberg CalhounPaperback
$
8
60

$16.00PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 1 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$1.99(74 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
8
17

Auto-delivered wirelessly
4.6 out of 5 stars
16PreviouslyApr 12, 2011by Allan Ahlberg and Bruce IngmanPaperback
$
6
56

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 20 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$2.00(40 used &amp new offers)Library Binding
$
17
20

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 3 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$13.38(13 used &amp new offers)
4 out of 5 stars
15Happy Families Mrs Wobble The WaitressJan 1, 1980by Allan Ahlberg and Janet AhlbergPaperback$0.99(30 used &amp new offers)Paperback$14.01(21 used &amp new offers)Other Formats:Hardcover
3.5 out of 5 stars
4The Jolly Christmas PostmanSep 1, 2001by Allan Ahlberg and Janet AhlbergHardcover
$
14
32

$17.99PrimeGet it by TODAY, Jul 25FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$1.88(77 used &amp new offers)
4.8 out of 5 stars
163It Was a Dark and Stormy Night (Viking Kestrel picture books)Feb 1, 1994by Allan Ahlberg and Janet AhlbergHardcover$1.98(31 used &amp new offers)Paperback
$
4
81

$8.95More Buying Choices$0.96(82 used &amp new offers)
4.2 out of 5 stars
12The Baby's CatalogueJul 31, 2012by Janet Ahlberg and Allan AhlbergBoard book$5.18(33 used &amp new offers)Paperback$1.29(43 used &amp new offers)Other Formats:Hardcover, Spiral-bound
4.3 out of 5 stars
16Spiritual Disciplines Handbook: Practices That Transform UsDec 19, 2015by Adele Ahlberg CalhounPaperback
$
14
43

$22.00PrimeGet it by TODAY, Jul 25FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$13.91(59 used &amp new offers)Kindle Edition
$
9
99

Auto-delivered wirelessly
4.7 out of 5 stars
122The Adventures of BertAug 28, 2001by Allan Ahlberg and Raymond BriggsHardcover$1.66(40 used &amp new offers)Paperback$1.47(19 used &amp new offers)
3.1 out of 5 stars
9












 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
87
 
Next Page
















Sponsored Links
(What's this?)








Ad feedback











Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…







Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.
















Show results for
                                Any CategoryBooksChildren's BooksPoetryClassicsPoetry for Early LearningHumorChildren's Activity BooksNursery RhymesBeginner ReadersEarly Learning Beginner ReadersChildren's Fantasy & Magic BooksLiterature & FictionEducation & TeachingReferenceArts & PhotographyBiographies & MemoirsBusiness & MoneyChristian Books & BiblesComputers & TechnologyCookbooks, Food & WineCrafts, Hobbies & HomeEngineering & TransportationHealth, Fitness & DietingHistoryHumor & EntertainmentLawMedical BooksPolitics & Social SciencesReligion & SpiritualityRomanceScience & MathSelf-HelpTeen & Young AdultTest PreparationTravelSee moreRefine byDelivery DayGet It TodayGet It by TomorrowAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonNew ReleasesLast 30 daysLast 90 daysComing SoonChildren's Books Age RangeBaby-2Ages 3-5Ages 6-8Ages 9-12Children's Book TypeBeginning ReadersBoard BooksChapter BooksPicture BooksPop-Up & Lift-the-FlapBook LanguageEnglishSpanishSwedishBook FormatBoard BookPaperbackHardcoverKindle EditionBook SeriesViking Kestrel picture booksStorytime GiantsThe GaskittsThe Adventures of BertAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligibleConditionCollectibleNewUsedAvailabilityInclude Out of Stock












































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.








Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates












	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































