

William H. Alderman: Executive Profile & Biography - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 5:25 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Alderman & Company Capital, LLC



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Executive Profile
William H. Alderman  President, Alderman & Company Capital, LLCAgeTotal Calculated CompensationThis person is connected to 1 Board Members in 1 different organizations across 3 different industries.See Board Relationships54--
Background

		Mr. William H. Alderman founded Alderman & Company, LLC and has been its President since March 2001. Mr. Alderman served as a Managing Director of the aviation investment banking practice of Fieldstone Investments from 1999 to 2001. He has over 15 years experience providing investment banking services across multiple industries, with a particular expertise in financings and mergers and acquisitions in the aerospace and defense industry. He started his career at Bankers ... Trust Company and was a registered Securities Representative and Senior Associate at GE Capital from 1991 to 1995 and Senior Vice President of Aviation Sales Company from 1996 to 1999. Mr. Alderman has been a Director of DLH Holdings Corp. since January 19, 2007. He served as a Director of Breeze-Eastern Corporation from September 12, 2007 to January 30, 2012. He served on the Boards of the HM Bullard Company and Madison Avenue Capital Partners. He has been an FAA licensed pilot since 1983, a member of the Wings Club of New York since 1992 and has spoken at numerous aerospace industry conferences in the United States and abroad. Mr. Alderman received an MBA from J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management in 1989 and is also a graduate of Kenyon College and the Taft School.Read Full Background




Corporate Headquarters
20 Silver Brook RoadRidgefield, Connecticut 06877United StatesPhone: 203-244-5680Fax: --
Board Members Memberships
2007-PresentDirectorDLH Holdings Corp.
Education
Unknown/Other Education Kenyon CollegeUnknown/Other Education The Taft SchoolMBA 1989J.L. Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University
Other Affiliations
DLH Holdings Corp.Breeze-Eastern CorporationKenyon CollegeThe Taft SchoolJ.L. Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University


Annual Compensation
				There is no Annual Compensation data available.
				Stocks Options
				There is no Stock Options data available.
				Total Compensation
				There is no Total Compensation data available.
			



Request Profile Update
















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



COMPETITOR COMPENSATIONThere is no Competitor Compensation data available.










Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Alderman & Company Capital, LLC, please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























PPT – William H' Alderman PowerPoint presentation | free to download  - id: 241b65-MDQ2M






























Home





Advanced




Help |
                        Preferences | Sign up | Log in























View by Category



Presentations



Photo Slideshows



Presentations (free-to-view)

Concepts & TrendsEntertainmentFashion & BeautyGovernment & PoliticsHow To, Education & TrainingMedicine, Science & TechnologyOtherPets & AnimalsProducts & ServicesReligious & PhilosophicalTravel & Places 



Presentations (pay-to-view)


Products


3D Characters for PPT


3D Transitions for PPT


Backgrounds for PowerPoint


Background Music for PPT


Background Videos for PPT


Charts for PowerPoint


Diagrams for PowerPoint


Photos for PowerPoint


PowerPoint Templates


Quiz Creator for PowerPoint


Speakers for PowerPoint


Templates for PowerPoint












William H' Alderman - PowerPoint PPT Presentation







The presentation will start after a short (15 second) video ad from one of our sponsors. 


Hot tip: Video ads won’t appear to registered users who are logged in. And it’s free to register and free to log in!
















To view this presentation, you'll need to enable Flash.Show me howLoading...PPT – William H' Alderman PowerPoint presentation | free to download  - id: 241b65-MDQ2MThe Adobe Flash plugin is needed to view this contentGet the plugin now



 
 
 
 
 

Download





 
 
 
 
Share
































About This Presentation



Title:William H' Alderman
Description:


More than 400 aerospace companies in Oklahoma generate an annual payroll of $5 ... of Major General Clarence L. Tinker of Oklahoma, who served and died in WWII. ... – PowerPoint PPT presentation 




Number of Views:128
Avg rating:3.0/5.0


Slides: 67
Provided by: 
williamh58

Learn more at: http://www.aldermanco.com

Category:
Tags:
accounting | chinook | com | continental | department | equipment | fares | flown | georgia | heavy | hercules | in | iraq | jobs | labor | of | payroll | sales | software | tinker

Add more tags 


more less









Write a Comment





User Comments (0)










Cancel



OK



OK









Latest

Latest
Highest Rated


    Sort by:
    
Latest
Highest Rated







Page  of 








Transcript and Presenter's Notes




Title: William H' Alderman
 1Investment Themes in the MRO Sector of the  Aerospace and Defense Industry William H. Alderman President Alderman  CompanyOklahoma City, Oklahoma May 1, 2005  2AgendaIntroduction Aerospace in Oklahoma Investment Themes in Aerospace MRO   3Introduction Aerospace in Oklahoma Investment Themes in Aerospace MRO   4Introduction Our FirmAlderman  Company A boutique investment bank focused exclusively in the aerospace and defense industries Our primary work is advising sellers in mergers and acquisitions transactions We also provide a broad array of ancillary services, such as valuations, strategic planning, and management consulting in regard to operational and financial restructurings  5Introduction BioWilliam Alderman Bank of New England, Assistant Vice President 1985-1987 Bankers Trust Company, Associate 1989-1990 General Electric Company, Vice President, GECAS 1990-1995 Aviation Sales Company, Senior Vice President 1996-1999 Fieldstone, Managing Director 1999-2000 Founded Alderman  Company 2001 Education MBA J.L. Kellogg, Northwestern University 1989 AB Kenyon College 1984 The Taft School 1980 Licenses FAA Pilot (PPSEL) NASD 7, 24, 63  65 Honors GE Circle of Excellence, 1995   6Introduction Sample Transactions  7Introduction Sample Clients  8Introduction Aerospace in Oklahoma Aerospace MRO Investment Themes Defense Civilian  9Aerospace in OklahomaAerospace is Oklahomas largest industry More than 400 aerospace companies in Oklahoma generate an annual payroll of 5 billion and an industrial output of 12 billion Average Annual Wage 54,419  Sources Oklahoma Aeronautics Commission, as cited in The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK) November 21, 2005, and Oklahoma Department of Commerce, Research  Economic Analysis Division, 2005 Aerospace Cluster Analysis.   10Aerospace in Oklahoma42,458 Direct Jobs 3 of state employment Sources Oklahoma Aeronautics Commission, as cited in The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK) November 21, 2005, and Oklahoma Department of Commerce, Research  Economic Analysis Division, 2005 Aerospace Cluster Analysis.  11Aerospace in OklahomaTinker Air Force Base 732 buildings comprising 15.5 million sq. ft. 24,000 employees Comparable to a city with population of nearly 30,000 The largest single-site employer in Oklahoma with an annual payroll exceeding 1.1B Home to seven major Department of Defense, Air Force and Navy activities with critical national defense missions. Tinker's largest organization is the Air Logistics Center (ALC), worldwide manager for a wide range of aircraft, engines, missiles, software and avionics and accessories components.  Source Global Security.org, Air Force Bases.  12Investment Themes in Aerospace MROAir Force Materiel Command 78,000 personnel Cradle-to-grave oversight for Air Force aircraft Testing Acquisitions Logistics and Support (MRO) Logistics  Support Air Logistics Centers (ALC) Ogden Air Logistics Center, Hill AFB, Utah, provides logistics, support, maintenance, distribution and engineering management for the F-16, C-130A, A-10, B-2, KC-135, T-38, T-37 and 22 other actively flying. Oklahoma City Air Logistics Center, Tinker AFB, Okla., repairs and maintains bomber, refueling and reconnaissance aircraft, among others. Cradle-to-grave support for a variety of aircraft, including the E-3 AWACS, C/KC-135, B-52 and B-1. Warner Robins Air Logistics Center, Robins AFB, Ga., provides product support, purchasing and supply-chain management, and depot maintenance. It has management and engineering responsibility for repairing, modifying and overhauling the F-15, C-130 and all Air Force helicopters.   13Aerospace in OklahomaTinker Located 200 miles from the geographic center of the country. Named in honor of Major General Clarence L. Tinker of Oklahoma, who served and died in WWII. Tinker was conceived in 1940 by a group of Oklahoma City civic leaders who actively responded to the militarys quest to develop an aviation maintenance and supply depot in the center of the country. In 1999 Tinker was awarded the largest engine repair contract in the history of the Air Force, valued at 10.2 billion over 15 years.   14Aerospace in OklahomaTinker Provides nose-to-tail MRO services for more than 2,000 aircraft and 23,000 engines in the DOD arsenal Aircraft B-1, B-2, B-52, C/KC-135, E-3, VC-25, VC-137 Engines TF30, TF33, F101, F107, F108, F110, F118, F110-400, TF30-414A, J79 CFM56-2A-2 Awards roughly 5 billion per year to private industry  15Aerospace in OklahomaTulsa An aerospace hub for civilian maintenance, repair and overhaul of private sector aircraft Aerospace employers include American Airlines, Boeing, Honeywell, Lufthansa and NORDAM. Plus an additional 200 small- to medium-sized companies engaged to support the industry. All have major facilities in Tulsa.   16Aerospace in OklahomaAMR Tulsa Maintenance  Engineering Base Established in 1946 American Airlines is one of the few remaining carriers still doing its own heavy maintenance. 8,300 employees Maintains American's fleet of MD-80, B737, Boeing 757, Airbus A300 aircraft and Pratt and Whitney JT-8 and GE CF6-80 engines. Sources American Airlines, Tulsa Board of Commissioners  17Introduction Aerospace in Oklahoma Investment Themes In Aerospace MRO   18Investment Themes in Aerospace MROAerospace MRO Defined MRO Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul Every and anything that happens to an aircraft or any component thereof after the date the aircraft is delivered to the (first) customer  Market Size 53 billion annually 20 Billion Defense (United States) 38 Billion Civil (worldwide) Source Aviation Week, April, 2006   19Investment Themes in Aerospace MROWhat areas of the Aerospace MRO market present attractive investment opportunities for industry participants and fund managers? What are the high demand areas within this  market over the next 5-10 years?   20Investment Themes in Aerospace MROInvestment Opportunities in the Defense Aviation MRO Strong demand for routine maintenance High utilization rates Aging fleet Very high demand for Upgrades  Modifications (Mods) Investment Opportunities in Civil Aviation MRO Rising demand for outsourced maintenance Rising demand from Asia Increasing market share of PMA products  21Investment Themes in Defense Aviation MRO  22Investment Themes in Aerospace MROU.S. Naval, Air and Ground supremacy is absolute U.S. air combat loss ratios in Afghanistan were not significantly higher than peacetime training losses U.S. air combat loss from enemy fire was negligible U.S. ICBM arsenal provides limited tactical benefit The old nuclear arsenal provides limited value in the War Against TerrorU.S. Cold War era combat equipment remains unsurpassed  but is it effective today?  23Investment Themes in Aerospace MROGone  threat of Sino/Soviet Invasion Defense Protection of nation and national interests through assured mutual destruction from massive arsenals of nuclear weapons New  threat of Terrorism  Rogue States Defense Protection of nation and national interests through agile, intelligent, networked, rapidly deployable war fighting assets    24Investment Themes in Aerospace MRONew threat terrorists and rogue states Hidden and hardened targets Urban warfare Attacks with Weapons of Mass Destruction Chemical (VX, mustard gas, etc.) Biological (anthrax, smallpox, etc.) Radiological (dirty bombs) Requires new war fighting technologies Faster, Lighter, Smarter The paradigm has shifted.  25Investment Themes in Aerospace MROFaster, Lighter and Smarter Combat supremacy through information superiority IRAQ-1 99 mps (megabits per second avg.) IRAQ-2 3,200 mps C4ISR Command Control Communications Computers Intelligence Surveillance Reconnaissance Source American Forces Information Service, Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs, 3/31/04.   26Investment Themes in Aerospace MROSource ODUSD (Industrial Policy)  27Investment Themes in Aerospace MROAerospace MRO Investment Opportunities in Defense 1) Fleet Upgrades Need to bring legacy weapons systems into the network Cost-effectiveness of upgrades versus new spends Historical experience with time and cost overruns on completely new weapons systems 2) Routine Maintenance The U.S. military spends 20 billion each year on maintenance and parts for its aircraft, at all levels from field to depot. Depot-level heavy maintenance costs 8 billion, roughly half of which is done by the private sector Source American Forces Information Service, Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs, 3/31/04 The Logistics Management Institute (LMI), 2005   28Investment Themes in Aerospace MROUpgrades Putting the old platforms on the Network C4ISR New Avionics New Sensors New Targeting Systems New high-bandwidth secure communications   29Investment Themes in Aerospace MROFirst flown in 1954First flown in 1977Hercules first flown in 1954Source ODUSD (Industrial Policy) Alderman  Company analysis  30Investment Themes in Aerospace MROUpgrades Putting old platforms on the Network E-3 AWACS Militarized version of Boeing 707-320B First E-3s received in 1977 Recent modifications include addition of GPS Enhancing the Network C-130 Avionics Modernization Program (AMP) Avionics upgrades (500 aircraft) Six digital displays and new flight management system Network enabled Boeing chosen to design, develop, integrate, test, fabricate and install the new system   31Investment Themes in Aerospace MROUpgrades Updating certain legacy systems CH-47 Chinook First delivered 1962 Avionics upgrades Common Avionics Architecture System (CAAS) Forward Looking Infrared (FLIR) UH-60 Black Hawk First delivered 1974 Avionics upgrades Common Avionics Architecture System (CAAS) Multi-node radar  32Investment Themes in Aerospace MROThe OM budget is roughly the same size as the procurement budget  33Investment Themes in Aerospace MROExample KC-135 490 total KC-135s in the fleet Boeing (NYSE BA) and their subcontractor Pemco (NASDAQ PAGI) perform roughly half of all KC-135 PDMs (approx. 80/year). The Air Force handles the balance in-house at Tinker.   Source U.S. Air Force Fact Sheet KC-135, March 2006 OMB Overhaul  Maintenance, November 3, 2003  August 23, 2005   34Investment Themes in Aerospace MRODepot Maintenance  Investment commentary Pluses The fleet is flying at high tempo High utilization rates result in high maintenance costs Fleet is aging and requires increasing maintenance Tinker In 2005 awarded 5 billion in contracts to private industry Minuses Congressional limits on outsourcing Section 2466 of Title 10 No more than 50 of funding for depot maintenance and repair workload across any military department or defense agency can be contracted to industry Limit had been 36 until 1991 Source U.S. General Accounting Office, GAO/T-NSIAD-00-112  35Investment Themes in Aerospace MROMajor Players in Defense Aviation MROSector returns have far exceeded overall market performance  36Investment Themes in Aerospace MRODefense MRO Summary The 5-10 year outlook for defense MRO is good Stable demand for depot level maintenance High demand for aircraft upgrades Sector equities have been performing very well   37Investment Themes in Civil Aviation MRO  38Investment Themes in Aerospace MROHistorical Framework 1950s  1980s Golden Years of Aviation in the U.S. Development of a global consumer market Growth of intercontinental jet networks Advancements in airline technology and infrastructure Speed, comfort, and safety improvement Jet overtakes rail/marine as preferred mode of long-distance travel U.S. Deregulation 1979  39Investment Themes in Aerospace MRO This was a high growth industry in the U.S. 1950  1975 Massive levels of capital expended to build the worlds commercial aviation networkIAH 1969DFW 1973ORD 1962  40Investment Themes in Aerospace MROThis was a REGULATED Industry 1950s  1970s Routes and fares regulated, making aviation a safe place to invest with good growth prospects and high profit margins for many suppliers. But how good was the business model  from a consumer perspective? Fares high Service poor Little competition Few frequencies  41Investment Themes in Aerospace MROThe rate of growth in the U.S. market began declining in the 1950sSource Air Transport Association  42Investment Themes in Aerospace MROUS  43Investment Themes in Aerospace MROWith deregulation came the decline of U.S. legacy carriers Outright Liquidation Pan Am Eastern Liquidation via merger American - TWA America West - USAirways Reorganizations (bankruptcies) Continental (1990s) Delta Northwest United   44Investment Themes in Aerospace MRO SINCE 2000, US AIRLINES, IN AGGREGATE, HAVE LOST 42 BILLIONSource Air Transport Association VP  Chief Economist John Heimlich, April 14, 2006   45Investment Themes in Aerospace MROCommercial Aviation  the next 10 years Deregulation has finally taken hold globally and fares will remain low throughout the forecast period worldwide Traffic will rise slowly in the U.S., as the market is mature Traffic will rise much faster in the developing world, fueled by global economic development and low airfares Globally, fares are no longer able to support inefficient operations Continuous airline focus on reducing costs Automation airport kiosks, internet ticket sales New methods and practices Low Cost Carriers Use of PMA parts Maintenance trends  46Investment Themes in Aerospace MROLow-Cost Carriers have 30 of U.S. market U.S. legacy airlines have tried to follow suit  47Investment Themes in Aerospace MROLow-Cost Carrier fleets continue to growSource Company public records and Alderman  Company research  48Investment Themes in Aerospace MRO PMA Parts Alternative Replacement Parts U.S. FAA regulatory approval designation - Parts Manufacturing Authority (PMA) Parts approved by regulatory agencies (US FAA, Europe EASA) but NOT manufactured by the original equipment manufacturer (OEM) PMA parts are typically 30 - 50 lower cost than OEM 300 million market in 2005. Potentially 1.2 billion within 5 years. Major Players Heico (NYSEHEI) 25 owned by Lufthansa Wincer West Timken (NYSE TKR) Pratt  Whitney (NYSE UTX) Manufacturing 100 replacement parts for CFMI engines Announced February, 2006Source David Jensen, Aviation Today, March 1, 2006  49Investment Themes in Aerospace MROOverview of Commercial MRO Market 38 Billion worldwide Maintenance represents roughly 10 of the average airlines' costs with 35-40 being for parts and the balance for labor North America is the worlds largest market 42 of world consumption 16.6 billion Western Europe 22 8.5 billion Asia-Pacific region - not including China or India 15 5.7 billion China  India Source Aerostrategy, March, 2006  50Investment Themes in Aerospace MROOutlook Maintenance unit costs have fallen nearly 20 in the U.S. in past 5 years 14.9 per 1,000 ASM in 2001 12.1 per 1,000 ASM in 2005 Manufacturers continue to develop better aircraft designs and materials technologies to reduce maintenance costs Operators continue to reduce waste and increase efficiency MRO expenditures will not increase as fast as the rate of growth in air travel World RPM is forecast to grow by 5.1 World commercial jet MRO forecast to grow 4.7 per annum .Sources Aviation Week, April 12, 2006, Annual MRO Forecast, TeamSAI and BACK Aviation Solutions, 2006, Embraer Market Outlook, 3rd Edition, 2006-2025  51Investment Themes in Aerospace MROMaintenance trends and outlook Rationale for a slightly lower growth rate The cost of a heavy check generally is 75  80 labor and airlines are cutting labor rates and costs Improving aircraft designs and maintenance technologies New materials, such as CFRP (composites) either reduce incidence or actually eliminate probability of corrosion Better access to critical inspection points Automation Self-monitoring / self-sensing / smart systems Rationale for a higher growth rate Independent maintenance is a growth market Non-Airline providers of maintenance Last year airlines outsourced 55 of their airframe maintenance Outsourcing may reach 70 within 10 years Source Annual MRO Forecast, TeamSAI and BACK Aviation Solutions, 2006  52Investment Themes in Aerospace MROMaintenance Outsourcing - a growth market Commercial airlines will continue to sell or outsource their repair and overhaul services to pure play MRO companies Intense financial pressure on airlines to reduce costs Growing airline industry view of maintenance as non-core Growing availability of high-quality global suppliers for outsourced maintenance Declining power of labor unions  53Investment Themes in Aerospace MROU.S. Outsourcing Trend  54Investment Themes in Aerospace MROChanging Maintenance Labor Markets Historically airline labor unions had tremendous power Threat / cost of labor actions (strikes) high When airlines had substantial equity value, the potential harm from a strike was immense Since 1990, airline labor unions have lost power Risk of liquidation is real Pan Am, Braniff, Eastern, Risk of massive down-sizing is very real United, USAirways, Delta Since 2001, legacy network carriers have shed 165,000 jobs 37 reductionSource Air Transport Association, State of the Industry, April 2006  55Investment Themes in Aerospace MROUnions historically protected maintenance jobs Specific rules prevented outsourcing Airlines globally have been shedding maintenance jobs United Indianapolis  Oakland (2003, airframes) Northwest Atlanta (2002, engines) USAirways Pittsburgh (2001, engines) British Airways Treforest (1991, engines)   56Investment Themes in Aerospace MROGlobal commercial jet maintenance providers have emerged  Lufthansa Technik (DB LHT) Revenue 3.1 Billion Profit 225 million SR Technics (Owned by 3i) Revenue CHF 1.2 Billion (0.9 Billion) Op. Profit CHF 115 million (90 million) ST Engineering (SGX STE) Revenue 1.3 Billion Profit 255 million    57Investment Themes in Aerospace MROBut, airframe maintenance can be a low-margin business Pemco (NYSE PAGI) Revenue 150 million Profit/(loss) (6 million) TIMCO (OTC BB TMAVE) Revenue 329 million Profit/(loss) (22 million) April 13, 2006 Greensboro, N.C.-based Timco warned it is in danger of violating credit agreements related to its senior debt held by CIT Group and Monroe Capital Advisors.   58Investment Themes in Aerospace MROOEMs are aggressively offering maintenance A competitive weapon to win new orders A lucrative annuity cash flow Long-Term Exclusive Agreements February 23, 2006 Federal Express entered into a 20-year exclusive engine program (FMP) with Pratt  Whitney (NYSE UTX), covering the airlines entire fleet of PW4000-94 engines December 8, 2005 Goodrich Corporation (NYSE GR) today announced an agreement with JetBlue to provide exclusive maintenance for all Goodrich-produced technology on its A320 fleet (actuation, lighting, fuel, utility and potable water systems). Source PR Newswire   59Investment Themes in Aerospace MROMajor Players in Commercial Aviation MROWeekly Closing Prices, 6/30/2003  4/23/2006U.S. MRO providers have recently had poor financial results.  60Aerospace in OklahomaDespite good demand, US MRO providers have had issues... Customer bankruptcies Excess capacity keeps margins down Indianapolis (United) Winston-Salem (USAirways) Pittsburgh (USAirways) Oakland (Alaska) Profits have been elusive Direct labor margin 20 /- Billing rate in US approx. 43 / hour Billing rates have been flat since 2001 Direct Labor cost approx. 34 (fully burdened) Overhead 15 to 20 Net margin  negative Source Professional Aviation Maintenance Association Annual Survey  61Investment Themes in Aerospace MROCommentary on AMR Tulsa Instead of shedding its maintenance operations, AMR is seeking to build maintenance into a profit center for the airline Pluses AMR-TUL is the worlds largest airline maintenance base This business model has been very successful for Lufthansa Lufthansa has very high labor costs But  Lufthansa has world-class quality and very high efficiency Minuses In-house U.S. airline maintenance operations have historically not had the level of cost efficiency necessary to profitably compete This has never been successful for a U.S. airline  "We know we are bucking the trend of the aviation industry by keeping most of our maintenance work in house. Carmine Romano, Vice President-Tulsa Base Maintenance  AMR Press Release March, 2005Source American Airlines press release March, 2005  62Investment Themes in Aerospace MROCommentary on AMR Tulsa Vision 2025 In 2003 Tulsa County approved an increase in the sales tax to fund numerous regional economic development activities. One of the Vision 2025 projects was a 22.3-million grant/loan to AMR to expand AMR-TUL (Americans maintenance base at Tulsa) Under the terms of the funding, American Airlines agreed to consolidate all of its Boeing 737 heavy maintenance in Tulsa and also agreed to move its major CFM-56 engine work to TUL. AMR-TUL provides nearly 8,000 skilled high-wage jobs and thus Vision 2025 should be a successful project, aiding retention of quality jobs and fostering economic activity in the Tulsa Area AMR is well on the road to recovery, with a stock price that has risen from 1.38/share on 3/13/03 to 24.12 today (4/25/06).   63Investment Themes in Aerospace MROBut the AMR-TUL project is not without risk There have been similar projects that have not fared well. United Airlines built a 540-million maintenance center in Indianapolis in the early 1990s State and local funding total 300 million The center was expected to create 7,500 high-paying jobs by 2004 The facility was closed in 2003 The shuttered maintenance center is a stark, and unusually vivid, reminder of the risk inherent in gambling public money on corporate ventures to bring high-paying jobs Louis Uchitelle (George Polk Award winner 1996), New York Times, November  10, 2003.   64Investment Themes in Aerospace MROCivil MRO Summary The 5-10 year outlook for commercial jet MRO is good Worldwide airlines are outsourcing maintenance  The U.S. market remains temporarily difficult Weak financial condition of the customers Low margins Leading providers are building profitable billion-dollar global franchises - with attractive financial returns   65Investment Themes in Aerospace MROClosing Remarks Civil MRO is an attractive market for higher-return investing This market is in flux Shifting business models There are substantial credit risks in the U.S. Outsourced maintenance should be a growth market worldwide for the next 5-10 years Leading providers are building profitable billion-dollar global franchises Defense MRO is an attractive market for lower-risk investing Demand for maintenance on U.S. military aircraft should remain high for the next 5 years, due to high utilization rates of aging aircraft Upgrade programs are a high-margin, high-growth market No credit risk (on a prime contract basis)   66 Investment Banking For the Aerospace and Defense Industry Alderman  Company, LLC 50 Washington Street Seventh Floor South Norwalk, CT 06854 Tel (203) 274-6086 Fax (203) 286-1604 www.aldermanco.com balderman_at_aldermanco.com 








About PowerShow.com




PowerShow.com is a leading presentation/slideshow sharing website. Whether your application is business, how-to, education, medicine, school, church, sales, marketing, online training or just for fun, PowerShow.com is a great resource. And, best of all, most of its cool features are free and easy to use.

You can use PowerShow.com to find and download example online PowerPoint ppt presentations on just about any topic you can imagine so you can learn how to improve your own slides and


presentations for free. Or use it to find and download high-quality how-to PowerPoint ppt presentations with illustrated or animated slides that will teach you how to do something new, also for free. Or use it to upload your own PowerPoint slides so you can share them with your teachers, class, students, bosses, employees, customers, potential investors or the world. Or use it to create really cool photo slideshows - with 2D and 3D transitions, animation, and your choice of music - that you can share with your Facebook friends or Google+ circles. That's all free as well!

For a small fee you can get the industry's best online privacy or publicly promote your presentations and slide shows with top rankings. But aside from that it's free. We'll even convert your presentations and slide shows into the universal Flash format with all their original multimedia glory, including animation, 2D and 3D transition effects, embedded music or other audio, or even video embedded in slides. All for free. Most of the presentations and slideshows on PowerShow.com are free to view, many are even free to download. (You can choose whether to allow people to download your original PowerPoint presentations and photo slideshows for a fee or free or not at all.) Check out PowerShow.com today - for FREE. There is truly something for everyone!



presentations for free. Or use it to find and download high-quality how-to PowerPoint ppt presentations with illustrated or animated slides that will teach you how to do something new, also for free. Or use it to upload your own PowerPoint slides so you can share them with your teachers, class, students, bosses, employees, customers, potential investors or the world. Or use it to create really cool photo slideshows - with 2D and 3D transitions, animation, and your choice of music - that you can share with your Facebook friends or Google+ circles. That's all free as well!

For a small fee you can get the industry's best online privacy or publicly promote your presentations and slide shows with top rankings. But aside from that it's free. We'll even convert your presentations and slide shows into the universal Flash format with all their original multimedia glory, including animation, 2D and 3D transition effects, embedded music or other audio, or even video embedded in slides. All for free. Most of the presentations and slideshows on PowerShow.com are free to view, many are even free to download. (You can choose whether to allow people to download your original PowerPoint presentations and photo slideshows for a fee or free or not at all.) Check out PowerShow.com today - for FREE. There is truly something for everyone!






more less








































Recommended

Recommended
Relevance
Latest
Highest Rated
Most Viewed


        Sort by:
        
Recommended
Relevance
Latest
Highest Rated
Most Viewed



Related
More from user







« /  »









Page  of  




« /  »




            Promoted Presentations
            










PowerPoint Templates
 - Are you a PowerPoint presenter looking to impress your audience with professional layouts? Well, you’ve come to the right place! With over 30,000 presentation design templates to choose from, CrystalGraphics offers more professionally-designed s and templates with stylish backgrounds and designer layouts than anyone else in the world. And their quality is top notch. That’s why our impressive Templates for PowerPoint product line won the Standing Ovation Award for “Best PowerPoint Templates” from Presentations Magazine. Visit www.crystalgraphics.com to learn more! 












CrystalGraphics 3D Character Slides for PowerPoint
 - CrystalGraphics 3D Character Slides for PowerPoint 












Chart and Diagram Slides for PowerPoint
 - Beautifully designed chart and diagram s for PowerPoint with visually stunning graphics and animation effects. Our new CrystalGraphics Chart and Diagram Slides for PowerPoint is a collection of over 1000 impressively designed data-driven chart and editable diagram s guaranteed to impress any audience. They are all artistically enhanced with visually stunning color, shadow and lighting effects. Many of them are also animated. And they’re ready for you to use in your PowerPoint presentations the moment you need them. 




Related Presentations










William Shakespeare The bard of Avon
 - John Shakespeare, a successful glover and alderman, and Mary Arden had eight ... William married 26 years old Anne Hathaway with who he had three children: ...  | PowerPoint PPT presentation | free to view 













William Lloyd Garrison
 - William Lloyd Garrison By: Arielle Budney Jamie Hofstetter Kim Alderman Early Life Born in Newburyport, Massachusetts (from the north) His family was part of the ...  | PowerPoint PPT presentation | free to view 













The Life of William Shakespeare
 - Married Anne Hathaway in 1582 against her family's wishes. Had 1 daughter (1583) and 1 set of twins (1585), only son died young. Life in London, 1588 ...  | PowerPoint PPT presentation | free to view 













William Shakespeare
 - His canon??? includes 38 plays, 154 sonnets, and 2 epic narrative poems. ... Couplet (two rhyming lines) G So long as men can breathe or eyes can SEE ...  | PowerPoint PPT presentation | free to view 













William Shakespeare
 - Father: King Henry VIII, mother: Anne Boleyn. Protestant and Catholic tensions ... 1582- Married Anne Hathaway, 28, when he was 18. 1582- Daughter Susanna born ...  | PowerPoint PPT presentation | free to view 













William Shakespeare
 - Shakspere, Shaksper, Shaxper, and Shake-speare ... Married Anne Hathaway. Unusual Pairing. Gave birth to Susanna six months after the marriage ...  | PowerPoint PPT presentation | free to view 













The Life of William Shakespeare
 - The Life of William Shakespeare DRA 111 Steve Wood TCCC  | PowerPoint PPT presentation | free to view 













WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE
 - Title: PowerPoint Presentation Author: fato Last modified by: yghy7gyc7c9k vm. Created Date: 12/16/2010 6:21:24 PM Document presentation format  | PowerPoint PPT presentation | free to view 













The Life and Times of William Shakespeare
 - ILLIAM SHAKESPEARE was born on April 23, 1564 in the town of Stratford-upon-Avon, ... with redemption stories and love plots/ triangles, often mystical and fantastic ...  | PowerPoint PPT presentation | free to view 













Local Elected Leadership Academy Practitioners
 - Jackson. Commissioner Stevie G. Harrell Commissioner William Futrell ... One of Top 10 Brainiest Places to Live, 2008, U.S. News and World Report ...  | PowerPoint PPT presentation | free to view 













Kingsway Townhomes
 - (A Warm Welcome Was Extended To All The Open House Guests By ... (Alderman Speaks To A Positive Response From The Community) RG Ross Receives I-70 Project Award ...  | PowerPoint PPT presentation | free to view 













Political Science  Test 2
 - What is the primary impact upon democratic institutions and elected ... by Ellen Alderman and Caroline Kennedy, what choice below best summarizes this article? ...  | PowerPoint PPT presentation | free to view 













SenseCam & memory rehabilitation. Georgina Browne, Emm
 - SenseCam & memory rehabilitation. Georgina Browne, Emma Berry, Narinder Kapur ... Berry, E., Kapur, N., Watson, P., Smith, R., Williams, L., & Wilson, B. (in press) ...  | PowerPoint PPT presentation | free to view 













Office: Block A, Room 151, FBMK Line: 03-89468692 E-mail: arbaayah@fbmk.upm.edu.my
 - Title: William Shakespeare (1564-1616) Author: Arbaayah Last modified by: Zamzuri Created Date: 1/11/2010 5:36:12 AM Document presentation format  | PowerPoint PPT presentation | free to view 













Workshop Session II
 - Source: Defense Appropriation Act and Emergency ... Publicity Chairman: Karen Alderman. Operations Chairman: Tim Springer. 9/5/09. 18. 10000057-13.4 ...  | PowerPoint PPT presentation | free to view 













Adam Bunch. Suite 349. 3595540. Director of Educator Licen
 - Adam Bunch. Suite 349. 359-5540. Director of Educator Licensure. Cindy Coon ... MSA Vickie Lambert. MSB- Rosie Pridgen. MSD Vacant. MSMS Carol Alderman ...  | PowerPoint PPT presentation | free to view 













Piers Family Tree
 - continue Piers Family Tree Gerald Piers, Co. York = Piers Baronet Line John Forbes Piers Line John Piers, ESQ = Richard Piers, Piers Hall = Co. York ...  | PowerPoint PPT presentation | free to view 













Local Elected Leadership Academy Practitioners
 - Title: Slide 1 Author: Staff Last modified by: dbayley Created Date: 1/18/2007 5:42:04 PM Document presentation format: On-screen Show (4:3) Company  | PowerPoint PPT presentation | free to view 













Local Elected Leadership Academy Practitioners
 - Local Elected Leadership Academy Practitioners. Mayor John R. Bost, Clemmons ... Bolton. Mayor Frank A. Wilson. Brunswick. Commissioner Minnie M. Hill. Bunn ...  | PowerPoint PPT presentation | free to view 













GARLAND COUNTY LEADERSHIP PRAYER BREAKFAST Twenty-one (22) Years 
 - GARLAND COUNTY LEADERSHIP PRAYER BREAKFAST Twenty-one (22) Years Pray for all those in authority... 1 Timothy 2:1-2 GARLAND COUNTY LEADERSHIP PRAYER BREAKFAST ...  | PowerPoint PPT presentation | free to view 













19th Century African American Legislators of Tennessee
 - Title: Tennessee s African American Legislators of the Reconstruction Era Author: State of Tennessee Last modified by: State of Tennessee Created Date  | PowerPoint PPT presentation | free to view 













19th Century African American Legislators of Tennessee
 - 19th Century African American Legislators of Tennessee Produced at the Tennessee State Library and Archives Nashville, Tennessee 37243 2010 edition  | PowerPoint PPT presentation | free to view 













Schoolproject
 - For the next week, Howard, with his faster, smaller, and more manoeuvrable ships, ... Howard ordered fireships to be sent against the Armada, producing panic that ...  | PowerPoint PPT presentation | free to view 













United States Coast Guard
 - Itasca & Amelia Earhart. Lae to Howland Island. USCGC Itasca. Radio ... Amelia Earhart. USCGC Itasca. USLHS Joins the USCG. Reorganization Plan No. 11 ...  | PowerPoint PPT presentation | free to view 













Page  of  




















            Page  of  















CrystalGraphics Sales Tel: (800) 394-0700 x 1 or Send an email

Home About Us Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Contact Us Send Us Feedback

Copyright 2017 CrystalGraphics, Inc. — All rights Reserved. PowerShow.com is a trademark of CrystalGraphics, Inc.

The PowerPoint PPT presentation: "William H' Alderman" is the property of its rightful owner.
Do you have PowerPoint slides to share? If so, share your PPT presentation slides online with PowerShow.com. It's FREE!
















William H Alderman of Danbury, CT



























				Home of America's Entrepreneurs
			

HOME
CONTACT     
				USA










Search















William H Alderman of Danbury, CT










					William H Alderman				

					35 WARRINGTON ROUND					
						Danbury, Connecticut 06810					

								The address shown above is an administrative business address and may not be 
								the primary address for William H Alderman.  Please contact 
								William H Alderman at Alderman Company Wings LLC for the correct address.  








BUSINESS PROFILE

					Alderman Company Wings LLC				

INDUSTRY
Business: MiscThis listing appears under the heading Business/Misc which includes businesses that may offer a variety of business and consumers products and services.
EXPERIENCE
WOW, A NEW BUSINESS!If you know William H Alderman, be sure to welcome ALDERMAN COMPANY WINGS LLC to the business community.The State of Connecticut, lists William H Alderman of Danbury, CT 
					as registering Alderman Company Wings LLC in March, 2017








UPDATES CORRECTIONS


Did we make a mistake? - If you see an error or have updated
						information about this listing, please, let us know! 
					












In The News


Women's mental health could suffer from 'breastaurant' work, study says



These are the best stainless steel skillets you can buy in 2017



Your financial adviser will lose some of your money. Here's what to do.



Are Traps Gay? Question Sparks Furor At YouTube And Gaming Event



Tom and Sandi Mueller



Jimmy Kimmel says infant son is 'doing great,' tweets photo of smiling boy



Why tweets heat up as outdoor temperatures climb



How Much Money Do Parents Spend On Back To School Shopping?















Don't go now, the party is just starting

			BizyPeople is the easiest way to find local business leaders. For a better 
			shopping experience, patronize the local businesses of your friends and neighbors. 
		


Search
Location
Social
Ratings
Contact
Complete



Quickly locate business owners by name




Browse the directory of owners by location 




Share friends profiles on your favorite social network




Rate your friends business profiles




Call, email or follow links to reach local business people




View all related business entities








Start Now
Select Location







BIZYPEOPLE     
	PRIVACY    
	TERMS    
	CONTACT










William H Alderman - Baltimore, MD | Intelius



























Sign In



We found William H Alderman in Baltimore, MD


William H Alderman

                                                                           Intelius found that William H Alderman  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Baltimore, MD.  We have connected them to
                3 addresses,
                1 phone,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

William H Alderman is in his 60s

William Has Lived In

Baltimore, MD

William's Relatives

Sandra Alderman
Trina Barnett
August Alderman







William H Alderman



Zodiac SignPisces



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about William? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about William, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on William H Alderman
Get a Criminal Check on William H Alderman
Get a Public Record Report on William H Alderman
Get a People Search Report on William H Alderman


William H Alderman's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where William H Alderman has lived as well as William H Alderman's phone numbers and email addresses.




William H Alderman Has Lived in 1 States
Maryland Address for William H Alderman


1100 P*********** A** 

Baltimore, MD


Has Lived In

Baltimore, MD


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with William H Alderman

(410) ***-**** - Baltimore, MD 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with William H Alderman



Get Email Report




William H Alderman's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for William H Alderman


William H Alderman's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of William H Alderman's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
William Alderman
Username Matches

                  WilliamAlderman
                  AldermanWilliam
                  William.Alderman
                  Alderman.William
                  William_Alderman
                  Alderman_William
                  William-Alderman
                  Alderman-William
                  WAlderman
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
W Alderman







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.






About Alderman and Co. Consulting Aerospace and Defense












































Leadership



Clients



News




Markets






Leadership
William H. Alderman, President
                  Alderman & Company Consulting, LLC
                  Alderman & Company Capital, LLC
                  Alderman & Company Advisors, LLC
                  

William H. Alderman is the founder and President of the Alderman Group of Companies. During his 25-year career in aerospace and finance, he has completed more than $1 billion in mergers, acquisitions, and related transactions. Mr. Alderman started his career at Bankers Trust Company and has held senior positions in investment management and corporate development in the aerospace industry. at GE Capital, Aviation Sales Company, as Managing Director of the aviation investment banking practice at Fieldstone. In the past, Mr. Alderman served on the following corporate boards; the HM Bullard Company (a retail business owned by Mr. Alderman’s family for 3-generations), UFC Aerospace, and Breeze Eastern Corporation (AMEX: BZC).

                            Non-profit board positions have included Mr. Alder­man serving as Chairman of the Trustees of the First Congregational Church of Ridgefield. Mr. Alderman is a graduate of the J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management and Kenyon College. Mr. Alderman has been an FAA licensed pilot since 1983, a member of the Wings Club of New York since 1992 and frequently speaks at aerospace industry conferences in the United States and abroad. He has been quoted as an industry expert by Bloomberg TV, CBS Marketwatch, USA Today, the Chicago Tribune, the Los Angeles Times, and the Washington Post. Mr. Alderman was a decorated collegiate athlete, being selected for the All-Ohio Academic Soccer team in 1983. He competes regularly in sprint distance triathlons. Mr. Alderman was born in 1962 and has two grown daughters. He and his wife live in Connecticut.







© 2015: Alderman & Company Consulting, LLC |  Legal Disclosure | Location & Contact |











William H. Alderman, Jr Docket Item 21 | United States Courts Archive











You're viewing Docket Item 21 from the case William H. Alderman, Jr. View the full docket and case details.
Download this document: 




























View plain text
Case 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 1 of 40

}bk1{Form 6. Summary of Schedules}bk{United States Bankruptcy CourtEastern District of VirginiaIn re,DebtorCase No.Chapter13-3650213William H. Alderman, JrB6 Summary (Official Form 6 - Summary) (12/07)Indicate as to each schedule whether that schedule is attached and state the number of pages in each. Report the totals from Schedules A,B, D, E, F, I, and J in the boxes provided. Add the amounts from Schedules A and B to determine the total amount of the debtor’s assets.Add the amounts of all claims from Schedules D, E, and F to determine the total amount of the debtor’s liabilities. Individual debtors mustalso complete the "Statistical Summary of Certain Liabilities and Related Data" if they file a case under chapter 7, 11, or 13.SUMMARY OF SCHEDULESATTACHEDNO. OFNAME OF SCHEDULEASSETSLIABILITIESOTHER(YES/NO)SHEETSA - Real PropertyB - Personal PropertyC - Property Claimed as ExemptD - Creditors Holding Secured ClaimsE - Creditors Holding UnsecuredPriority ClaimsF - Creditors Holding UnsecuredNonpriority ClaimsG - Executory Contracts andUnexpired LeasesH - CodebtorsI -Current Income of IndividualDebtor(s)J -Current Expenditures of IndividualDebtor(s)Total Number of Sheets of ALL SchedulesTotal AssetsTotal Liabilities(Total of Claims on Schedule E)Software Copyright (c) 1996-2013 - Best Case, LLC - www.bestcase.comBest Case BankruptcyYesYesYesYesYesYesYesYesYesYes1410,273.0030.001607,105.0010.001169,773.0031110.00211,438.0015410,273.00776,878.00Case 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 2 of 40

}bk1{Form 6. Statistical Summary of Certain Liabilities and Related Data}bk{United States Bankruptcy CourtEastern District of VirginiaIn re,DebtorCase No.Chapter13-3650213William H. Alderman, JrForm 6 - Statistical Summary (12/07)STATISTICAL SUMMARY OF CERTAIN LIABILITIES AND RELATED DATA (28 U.S.C. § 159)If you are an individual debtor whose debts are primarily consumer debts, as defined in § 101(8) of the Bankruptcy Code (11 U.S.C.§ 101(8)), filinga case under chapter 7, 11 or 13, you must report all information requested below.Check this box if you are an individual debtor whose debts are NOT primarily consumer debts. You are not required to report any information here.This information is for statistical purposes only under 28 U.S.C. § 159.Summarize the following types of liabilities, as reported in the Schedules, and total them.Type of LiabilityAmountDomestic Support Obligations (from Schedule E)Taxes and Certain Other Debts Owed to Governmental Units (from Schedule E)Claims for Death or Personal Injury While Debtor Was Intoxicated(from Schedule E) (whether disputed or undisputed)Student Loan Obligations (from Schedule F)Domestic Support, Separation Agreement, and Divorce DecreeObligations Not Reported on Schedule EObligations to Pension or Profit-Sharing, and Other Similar Obligations(from Schedule F)TOTALState the following:Average Income (from Schedule I, Line 16)Average Expenses (from Schedule J, Line 18)Current Monthly Income (from Form 22A Line 12; OR,Form 22B Line 11; OR, Form 22C Line 20 )State the following:1. Total from Schedule D, "UNSECURED PORTION, IF ANY"column2. Total from Schedule E, "AMOUNT ENTITLED TO PRIORITY"column3. Total from Schedule E, "AMOUNT NOT ENTITLED TOPRIORITY, IF ANY" column4. Total from Schedule F5. Total of non-priority unsecured debt (sum of 1, 3, and 4)Software Copyright (c) 1996-2013 - Best Case, LLC - www.bestcase.comBest Case Bankruptcy0.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.0011,438.008,020.00196,832.000.000.00169,773.00366,605.00Case 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 3 of 40

}bk1{Schedule A - Real Property}bk{In re,DebtorCase No.13-36502William H. Alderman, JrB6A (Official Form 6A) (12/07)Except as directed below, list all real property in which the debtor has any legal, equitable, or future interest, including all property owned as acotenant, community property, or in which the debtor has a life estate. Include any property in which the debtor holds rights and powers exercisable forthe debtor's own benefit. If the debtor is married, state whether husband, wife, both, or the marital community own the property by placing an "H," "W,""J," or "C" in the column labeled "Husband, Wife, Joint, or Community." If the debtor holds no interest in real property, write "None" under"Description and Location of Property."Do not include interests in executory contracts and unexpired leases on this schedule. List them in Schedule G - Executory Contracts andUnexpired Leases.If an entity claims to have a lien or hold a secured interest in any property, state the amount of the secured claim. See Schedule D. If no entityclaims to hold a secured interest in the property, write "None" in the column labeled "Amount of Secured Claim." If the debtor is an individual orif a joint petition is filed, state the amount of any exemption claimed in the property only in Schedule C - Property Claimed as Exempt.DescriptionandLocationofPropertyNature of Debtor'sInterest in PropertyHusband,Wife,Joint, orCommunityCurrent Value ofDebtor'sInterestinProperty,withoutDeductinganySecuredClaimorExemptionAmountofSecuredClaimcontinuation sheets attached to the Schedule of Real PropertySCHEDULE A - REAL PROPERTYSoftware Copyright (c) 1996-2013 - Best Case, LLC - www.bestcase.comBest Case Bankruptcy03122 West Creek RoadCrewe, Virginia 23930Zestimate value: $410,273.00Tenants By The EntiretyWith Rights ofSurvivorship-410,273.00600,000.00Sub-Total >(Total of this page)410,273.00Total >(Report also on Summary of Schedules)410,273.00Case 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 4 of 40

}bk1{Schedule B - Personal Property}bk{In re,DebtorCase No.13-36502William H. Alderman, JrB6B (Official Form 6B) (12/07)Except as directed below, list all personal property of the debtor of whatever kind. If the debtor has no property in one or more of the categories, placean "x" in the appropriate position in the column labeled "None." If additional space is needed in any category, attach a separate sheet properly identifiedwith the case name, case number, and the number of the category. If the debtor is married, state whether husband, wife, both, or the marital communityown the property by placing an "H," "W," "J," or "C" in the column labeled "Husband, Wife, Joint, or Community." If the debtor is an individual or a jointpetition is filed, state the amount of any exemptions claimed only in Schedule C - Property Claimed as Exempt.Do not list interests in executory contracts and unexpired leases on this schedule. List them in Schedule G - Executory Contracts andUnexpired Leases.If the property is being held for the debtor by someone else, state that person's name and address under "Description and Location of Property."If the property is being held for a minor child, simply state the child's initials and the name and address of the child's parent or guardian, such as"A.B., a minor child, by John Doe, guardian." Do not disclose the child's name. See, 11 U.S.C. §112 and Fed. R. Bankr. P. 1007(m).TypeofPropertyNONEDescriptionandLocationofPropertyHusband,Wife,Joint, orCommunityCurrent Value ofDebtor'sInterestinProperty,withoutDeductinganySecuredClaimorExemptioncontinuationsheetsattachedtotheScheduleofPersonalPropertySCHEDULE B - PERSONAL PROPERTYSoftware Copyright (c) 1996-2013 - Best Case, LLC - www.bestcase.comBest Case Bankruptcy21.Cash on handX2.Checking, savings or other financialaccounts, certificates of deposit, orshares in banks, savings and loan,thrift, building and loan, andhomestead associations, or creditunions, brokerage houses, orcooperatives.X3.Security deposits with publicutilities, telephone companies,landlords, and others.X4.Household goods and furnishings,including audio, video, andcomputer equipment.X5.Books, pictures and other artobjects, antiques, stamp, coin,record, tape, compact disc, andother collections or collectibles.X6.Wearing apparel.X7.Furs and jewelry.X8.Firearms and sports, photographic,and other hobby equipment.X9.Interests in insurance policies.Name insurance company of eachpolicy and itemize surrender orrefund value of each.X10.Annuities. Itemize and name eachissuer.XSub-Total >(Total of this page)0.00Case 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 5 of 40

B6B (Official Form 6B) (12/07) - Cont.TypeofPropertyNONEDescriptionandLocationofPropertyHusband,Wife,Joint, orCommunityCurrent Value ofDebtor'sInterestinProperty,withoutDeductinganySecuredClaimorExemptionSheetofcontinuationsheetsattachedtotheScheduleofPersonalPropertySCHEDULE B - PERSONAL PROPERTY(Continuation Sheet)Software Copyright (c) 1996-2013 - Best Case, LLC - www.bestcase.comBest Case BankruptcyIn re,DebtorCase No.13-36502William H. Alderman, Jr11.Interests in an education IRA asdefined in 26 U.S.C. § 530(b)(1) orunder a qualified State tuition planas defined in 26 U.S.C. § 529(b)(1).Give particulars. (File separately therecord(s) of any such interest(s).11 U.S.C. § 521(c).)X12.Interests in IRA, ERISA, Keogh, orother pension or profit sharingplans. Give particulars.X13.Stock and interests in incorporatedand unincorporated businesses.Itemize.X14.Interests in partnerships or jointventures. Itemize.X15.Government and corporate bondsand other negotiable andnonnegotiable instruments.X16.Accounts receivable.X17.Alimony, maintenance, support, andproperty settlements to which thedebtor is or may be entitled. Giveparticulars.X18.Other liquidated debts owed to debtorincluding tax refunds. Give particulars.X19.Equitable or future interests, lifeestates, and rights or powersexercisable for the benefit of thedebtor other than those listed inSchedule A - Real Property.X20.Contingent and noncontingentinterests in estate of a decedent,death benefit plan, life insurancepolicy, or trust.X21.Other contingent and unliquidatedclaims of every nature, includingtax refunds, counterclaims of thedebtor, and rights to setoff claims.Give estimated value of each.XSub-Total >(Total of this page)0.0012Case 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 6 of 40

B6B (Official Form 6B) (12/07) - Cont.TypeofPropertyNONEDescriptionandLocationofPropertyHusband,Wife,Joint, orCommunityCurrent Value ofDebtor'sInterestinProperty,withoutDeductinganySecuredClaimorExemptionSheetofcontinuationsheetsattachedtotheScheduleofPersonalPropertySCHEDULE B - PERSONAL PROPERTY(Continuation Sheet)Software Copyright (c) 1996-2013 - Best Case, LLC - www.bestcase.comBest Case BankruptcyIn re,DebtorCase No.13-36502William H. Alderman, Jr22.Patents, copyrights, and otherintellectual property. Giveparticulars.X23.Licenses, franchises, and othergeneral intangibles. Giveparticulars.X24.Customer lists or other compilationscontaining personally identifiableinformation (as defined in 11 U.S.C.§ 101(41A)) provided to the debtorby individuals in connection withobtaining a product or service fromthe debtor primarily for personal,family, or household purposes.X25.Automobiles, trucks, trailers, andother vehicles and accessories.X26.Boats, motors, and accessories.X27.Aircraft and accessories.X28.Office equipment, furnishings, andsupplies.X29.Machinery, fixtures, equipment, andsupplies used in business.X30.Inventory.X31.Animals.X32.Crops - growing or harvested. Giveparticulars.X33.Farming equipment andimplements.X34.Farm supplies, chemicals, and feed.X35.Other personal property of any kindnot already listed. Itemize.XSub-Total >(Total of this page)0.0022Total >(Report also on Summary of Schedules)0.00Case 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 7 of 40

}bk1{Schedule C - Property Claimed as Exempt}bk{In re,DebtorCase No.13-36502William H. Alderman, JrB6C (Official Form 6C) (4/13)Debtor claims the exemptions to which debtor is entitled under:Check if debtor claims a homestead exemption that exceeds(Check one box)$155,675.(Amount subject to adjustment on 4/1/16, and every three years thereafterwith respect to cases commenced on or after the date of adjustment.)11 U.S.C. §522(b)(2)11 U.S.C. §522(b)(3)Description of PropertySpecify Law ProvidingEach ExemptionValue ofClaimedExemptionCurrent Value ofProperty WithoutDeducting Exemptioncontinuation sheets attached to Schedule of Property Claimed as ExemptSCHEDULE C - PROPERTY CLAIMED AS EXEMPTSoftware Copyright (c) 1996-2013 - Best Case, LLC - www.bestcase.comBest Case Bankruptcy0NONE.Case 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 8 of 40

}bk1{Schedule D - Creditors Holding Secured Claims}bk{AMOUNT OFCLAIMWITHOUTDEDUCTINGVALUE OFCOLLATERALDATE CLAIM WAS INCURRED,NATURE OF LIEN, ANDDESCRIPTION AND VALUEOF PROPERTYSUBJECT TO LIENCODEBTORCONTINGENTUNLIQUIDATEDDISPUTEDHusband, Wife, Joint, or CommunityHWJCCREDITOR'S NAME AND MAILING ADDRESSINCLUDING ZIP CODE,AND ACCOUNT NUMBER(See instructions above.)Account No.Value $Account No.Value $Account No.Value $Account No.Value $Subtotal_____ continuation sheets attached(Total of this page)UNSECUREDPORTION, IFANYB6D (Official Form 6D) (12/07)State the name, mailing address, including zip code, and last four digits of any account number of all entities holding claims secured by property of the debtor as ofthe date of filing of the petition. The complete account number of any account the debtor has with the creditor is useful to the trustee and the creditor and may be providedif the debtor chooses to do so. List creditors holding all types of secured interests such as judgment liens, garnishments, statutory liens, mortgages, deeds of trust, andother security interests.List creditors in alphabetical order to the extent practicable. If a minor child is a creditor, the child's initials and the name and address of the child's parent or guardian, such as "A.B., a minor child, by John Doe, guardian." Do not disclose the child's name. See, 11 U.S.C. §112 and Fed. R. Bankr. P. 1007(m). If all secured creditors will not fit on this page, use the continuation sheet provided. If any entity other than a spouse in a joint case may be jointly liable on a claim, place an "X" in the column labeled "Codebtor" ,include the entity on the appropriateschedule of creditors, and complete Schedule H - Codebtors. If a joint petition is filed, state whether the husband, wife, both of them, or the marital community may beliable on each claim by placing an "H", "W", "J", or "C" in the column labeled "Husband, Wife, Joint, or Community".If the claim is contingent, place an "X" in the column labeled "Contingent". If the claim is unliquidated, place an "X" in the column labeled "Unliquidated". If theclaim is disputed, place an "X" in the column labeled "Disputed". (You may need to place an "X" in more than one of these three columns.)Total the columns labeled "Amount of Claim Without Deducting Value of Collateral" and "Unsecured Portion, if Any" in the boxes labeled "Total(s)" on the lastsheet of the completed schedule. Report the total from the column labeled "Amount of Claim" also on the Summary of Schedules and, if the debtor is an individual withprimarily consumer debts, report the total from the column labeled "Unsecured Portion" on the Statistical Summary of Certain Liabilities and Related Data.Check this box if debtor has no creditors holding secured claims to report on this Schedule D.SCHEDULE D - CREDITORS HOLDING SECURED CLAIMSSoftware Copyright (c) 1996-2013 - Best Case, LLC - www.bestcase.comBest Case BankruptcyIn re,DebtorCase No.13-36502William H. Alderman, Jr07/22/2010Deed of Trust3122 West Creek RoadCrewe, Virginia 23930Zestimate value: $410,273.00Benchmark Community BankPO Box 569Kenbridge, VA 23944-0.000.00410,273.002013Tax Lien3122 West Creek RoadCrewe, Virginia 23930Zestimate value: $410,273.00Internal Revenue Service-600,000.00189,727.00410,273.0027317643Opened 5/01/10 Last Active 7/11/13Purchase Money SecuritySecuredKubota Credit Corp1025 Northbrook ParkwaySuwannee, GA 30024-7,105.007,105.000.00607,105.00196,832.00607,105.00196,832.00Total(Report on Summary of Schedules)Case 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 9 of 40

}bk1{Schedule E - Creditors Holding Unsecured Priority Claims}bk{B6E (Official Form 6E) (4/13)A complete list of claims entitled to priority, listed separately by type of priority, is to be set forth on the sheets provided. Only holders of unsecured claims entitledto priority should be listed in this schedule. In the boxes provided on the attached sheets, state the name, mailing address, including zip code, and last four digits of theaccount number, if any, of all entities holding priority claims against the debtor or the property of the debtor, as of the date of the filing of the petition. Use a separatecontinuation sheet for each type of priority and label each with the type of priority.The complete account number of any account the debtor has with the creditor is useful to the trustee and the creditor and may be provided if the debtor chooses to doso. If a minor child is a creditor, state the child's initials and the name and address of the child's parent or guardian, such as "A.B., a minor child, by John Doe, guardian." Do not disclose the child's name. See, 11 U.S.C. §112 and Fed. R. Bankr. P. 1007(m). If any entity other than a spouse in a joint case may be jointly liable on a claim, place an "X" in the column labeled "Codebtor," include the entity on the appropriateschedule of creditors, and complete Schedule H-Codebtors. If a joint petition is filed, state whether the husband, wife, both of them, or the marital community may beliable on each claim by placing an "H," "W," "J," or "C" in the column labeled "Husband, Wife, Joint, or Community." If the claim is contingent, place an "X" in thecolumn labeled "Contingent." If the claim is unliquidated, place an "X" in the column labeled "Unliquidated." If the claim is disputed, place an "X" in the column labeled"Disputed." (You may need to place an "X" in more than one of these three columns.)Report the total of claims listed on each sheet in the box labeled "Subtotals" on each sheet. Report the total of all claims listed on this Schedule E in the box labeled"Total" on the last sheet of the completed schedule. Report this total also on the Summary of Schedules.Report the total of amounts entitled to priority listed on each sheet in the box labeled "Subtotals" on each sheet. Report the total of all amounts entitled to prioritylisted on this Schedule E in the box labeled "Totals" on the last sheet of the completed schedule. Individual debtors with primarily consumer debts report this total also on the Statistical Summary of Certain Liabilities and Related Data.Report the total of amounts not entitled to priority listed on each sheet in the box labeled "Subtotals" on each sheet. Report the total of all amounts not entitled topriority listed on this Schedule E in the box labeled "Totals" on the last sheet of the completed schedule. Individual debtors with primarily consumer debts report this total also on the Statistical Summary of Certain Liabilities and Related Data.Check this box if debtor has no creditors holding unsecured priority claims to report on this Schedule E.TYPES OF PRIORITY CLAIMS(Check the appropriate box(es) below if claims in that category are listed on the attached sheets)Domestic support obligationsClaims for domestic support that are owed to or recoverable by a spouse, former spouse, or child of the debtor, or the parent, legal guardian, or responsible relative of such a child, or a governmental unit to whom such a domestic support claim has been assigned to the extent provided in 11 U.S.C. § 507(a)(1).Extensions of credit in an involuntary caseClaims arising in the ordinary course of the debtor's business or financial affairs after the commencement of the case but before the earlier of the appointment of a trustee or the order for relief. 11 U.S.C. § 507(a)(3).Wages, salaries, and commissionsWages, salaries, and commissions, including vacation, severance, and sick leave pay owing to employees and commissions owing to qualifying independent salesrepresentatives up to $12,475* per person earned within 180 days immediately preceding the filing of the original petition, or the cessation of business, whicheveroccurred first, to the extent provided in 11 U.S.C. § 507(a)(4).Contributions to employee benefit plansMoney owed to employee benefit plans for services rendered within 180 days immediately preceding the filing of the original petition, or the cessation of business,whichever occurred first, to the extent provided in 11 U.S.C. § 507(a)(5).Certain farmers and fishermenClaims of certain farmers and fishermen, up to $6,150* per farmer or fisherman, against the debtor, as provided in 11 U.S.C. § 507(a)(6).Deposits by individualsClaims of individuals up to $2,775* for deposits for the purchase, lease, or rental of property or services for personal, family, or household use, that were not delivered or provided. 11 U.S.C. § 507(a)(7).Taxes and certain other debts owed to governmental unitsTaxes, customs duties, and penalties owing to federal, state, and local governmental units as set forth in 11 U.S.C. § 507(a)(8).Commitments to maintain the capital of an insured depository institutionClaims based on commitments to the FDIC, RTC, Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision, Comptroller of the Currency, or Board of Governors of the FederalReserve System, or their predecessors or successors, to maintain the capital of an insured depository institution. 11 U.S.C. § 507 (a)(9).Claims for death or personal injury while debtor was intoxicatedClaims for death or personal injury resulting from the operation of a motor vehicle or vessel while the debtor was intoxicated from using alcohol, a drug, or another substance. 11 U.S.C. § 507(a)(10).* Amount subject to adjustment on 4/01/16, and every three years thereafter with respect to cases commenced on or after the date of adjustment.continuation sheets attachedSCHEDULE E - CREDITORS HOLDING UNSECURED PRIORITY CLAIMSSoftware Copyright (c) 1996-2013 - Best Case, LLC - www.bestcase.comBest Case BankruptcyIn re,DebtorCase No.13-36502William H. Alderman, Jr0Case 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 10 of 40

}bk1{Schedule F - Creditors Holding Unsecured Nonpriority Claims}bk{CODEBTORCONTINGENTUNLIQUIDATEDDISPUTEDHusband, Wife, Joint, or CommunityHWJCCREDITOR'S NAME,MAILING ADDRESSINCLUDING ZIP CODE,AND ACCOUNT NUMBER(See instructions above.)Account No.Account No.Account No.Account No.Subtotal_____ continuation sheets attached(Total of this page)DATE CLAIM WAS INCURRED ANDCONSIDERATION FOR CLAIM. IF CLAIMIS SUBJECT TO SETOFF, SO STATE.AMOUNT OF CLAIMB6F (Official Form 6F) (12/07)State the name, mailing address, including zip code, and last four digits of any account number, of all entities holding unsecured claims without priority against thedebtor or the property of the debtor, as of the date of filing of the petition. The complete account number of any account the debtor has with the creditor is useful to thetrustee and the creditor and may be provided if the debtor chooses to do so. If a minor child is a creditor, state the child's initials and the name and address of the child's parent or guardian, such as "A.B., a minor child, by John Doe, guardian." Do not disclose the child's name. See, 11 U.S.C. §112 and Fed. R. Bankr. P. 1007(m). Do not include claims listed in Schedules D and E. If all creditors will not fit on this page, use the continuation sheet provided. If any entity other than a spouse in a joint case may be jointly liable on a claim, place an "X" in the column labeled "Codebtor," include the entity on the appropriateschedule of creditors, and complete Schedule H - Codebtors. If a joint petition is filed, state whether the husband, wife, both of them, or the marital community may beliable on each claim by placing an "H," "W," "J," or "C" in the column labeled "Husband, Wife, Joint, or Community."If the claim is contingent, place an "X" in the column labeled "Contingent." If the claim is unliquidated, place an "X" in the column labeled "Unliquidated." If theclaim is disputed, place an "X" in the column labeled "Disputed." (You may need to place an "X" in more than one of these three columns.)Report the total of all claims listed on this schedule in the box labeled "Total" on the last sheet of the completed schedule. Report this total also on the Summary ofSchedules and, if the debtor is an individual with primarily consumer debts, report this total also on the Statistical Summary of Certain Liabilities and Related Data.Check this box if debtor has no creditors holding unsecured claims to report on this Schedule F.S/N:48549-140211SCHEDULE F - CREDITORS HOLDING UNSECURED NONPRIORITY CLAIMSSoftware Copyright (c) 1996-2013 - Best Case, LLC - www.bestcase.comBest Case BankruptcyIn re,DebtorCase No.13-36502William H. Alderman, Jr2Personal GuaranteeBlair Const. Inc.-150,000.002013Attorneys FeesBreckenridge Ingles, Esq.6516 Main StreetGloucester, VA 23061-Unknown4791249559268204Opened 2/01/02 Last Active 7/02/13Charge AccountCapital 1 BankAttn: Bankruptcy Dept.Po Box 30285Salt Lake City, UT 84130-7,220.004663090185240406Opened 7/01/10 Last Active 9/14/12Credit CardCapital 1 BankAttn: Bankruptcy Dept.Po Box 30285Salt Lake City, UT 84130-423.00157,643.00Case 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 11 of 40

B6F (Official Form 6F) (12/07) - Cont.CODEBTORCONTINGENTUNLIQUIDATEDDISPUTEDHusband, Wife, Joint, or CommunityHWJCCREDITOR'S NAME,MAILING ADDRESSINCLUDING ZIP CODE,AND ACCOUNT NUMBER(See instructions above.)Account No.Account No.Account No.Account No.Account No.Sheet no. _____ of _____ sheets attached to Schedule ofSubtotalCreditors Holding Unsecured Nonpriority Claims(Total of this page)DATE CLAIM WAS INCURRED ANDCONSIDERATION FOR CLAIM. IF CLAIMIS SUBJECT TO SETOFF, SO STATE.AMOUNT OF CLAIMSCHEDULE F - CREDITORS HOLDING UNSECURED NONPRIORITY CLAIMS(Continuation Sheet)Software Copyright (c) 1996-2013 - Best Case, LLC - www.bestcase.comBest Case BankruptcyIn re,DebtorCase No.13-36502William H. Alderman, Jr9745038Med1 02 St Mary Hospital RichmondHorizon Fin8585 Broadway #88Merrillville, IN 46410-292.002013Collection AccountKaufman & Canoles150 West Main StreetSuite 2100Norfolk, VA 23510-Unknown737600031Opened 3/01/11Collection Attorney 06 Nationwide InsuranceNco Fin /99Po Box 15636Wilmington, DE 19850-90.00OH081480Opened 10/01/13Factoring Company Account Verizon WirelessPinnacle Credit ServiceAttn: BankruptcyPo Box 640Hopkins, MN 55343-690.0027989292Opened 7/01/07 Last Active 5/31/11Charge AccountSst/cigpficorp4315 Pickett RdSaint Joseph, MO 64503-10,957.0012,029.0012Case 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 12 of 40

B6F (Official Form 6F) (12/07) - Cont.CODEBTORCONTINGENTUNLIQUIDATEDDISPUTEDHusband, Wife, Joint, or CommunityHWJCCREDITOR'S NAME,MAILING ADDRESSINCLUDING ZIP CODE,AND ACCOUNT NUMBER(See instructions above.)Account No.Account No.Account No.Account No.Account No.Sheet no. _____ of _____ sheets attached to Schedule ofSubtotalCreditors Holding Unsecured Nonpriority Claims(Total of this page)DATE CLAIM WAS INCURRED ANDCONSIDERATION FOR CLAIM. IF CLAIMIS SUBJECT TO SETOFF, SO STATE.AMOUNT OF CLAIMSCHEDULE F - CREDITORS HOLDING UNSECURED NONPRIORITY CLAIMS(Continuation Sheet)Software Copyright (c) 1996-2013 - Best Case, LLC - www.bestcase.comBest Case BankruptcyIn re,DebtorCase No.13-36502William H. Alderman, Jr4041360000130001Opened 8/01/13Collection Attorney Crewe Imaging CenterUnknown10506 Wakeman DrFredericksburg, VA 22407-44.001171260000297825Opened 7/01/12Collection Attorney Crewe Imaging CenterUnknown10506 Wakeman DrFredericksburg, VA 22407-23.002271260000297824Opened 7/01/12Collection Attorney Crewe Imaging CenterUnknown10506 Wakeman DrFredericksburg, VA 22407-11.002141260000297826Opened 7/01/12Collection Attorney Crewe Imaging CenterUnknown10506 Wakeman DrFredericksburg, VA 22407-23.00101.0022169,773.00Total(Report on Summary of Schedules)Case 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 13 of 40

}bk1{Schedule G - Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases}bk{In re,DebtorCase No.13-36502William H. Alderman, JrB6G (Official Form 6G) (12/07)Describe all executory contracts of any nature and all unexpired leases of real or personal property. Include any timeshare interests. State natureof debtor's interest in contract, i.e., "Purchaser", "Agent", etc. State whether debtor is the lessor or lessee of a lease. Provide the names andcomplete mailing addresses of all other parties to each lease or contract described. If a minor child is a party to one of the leases or contracts, state the child's initials and the name and address of the child's parent or guardian, such as "A.B., a minor child, by John Doe, guardian." Do not disclose the child's name. See, 11 U.S.C. §112 and Fed. R. Bankr. P. 1007(m). Check this box if debtor has no executory contracts or unexpired leases.Name and Mailing Address, Including Zip Code,of Other Parties to Lease or ContractDescription of Contract or Lease and Nature of Debtor's Interest.State whether lease is for nonresidential real property.State contract number of any government contract.continuation sheets attached to Schedule of Executory Contracts and Unexpired LeasesSCHEDULE G - EXECUTORY CONTRACTS AND UNEXPIRED LEASESSoftware Copyright (c) 1996-2013 - Best Case, LLC - www.bestcase.comBest Case Bankruptcy0Case 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 14 of 40

}bk1{Schedule H - Codebtors}bk{In re,DebtorCase No.13-36502William H. Alderman, JrB6H (Official Form 6H) (12/07)Provide the information requested concerning any person or entity, other than a spouse in a joint case, that is also liable on any debts listedby debtor in the schedules of creditors. Include all guarantors and co-signers. If the debtor resides or resided in a community property state,commonwealth, or territory (including Alaska, Arizona, California, Idaho, Louisiana, Nevada, New Mexico, Puerto Rico, Texas, Washington, orWisconsin) within the eight year period immediately preceding the commencement of the case, identify the name of the debtor's spouse and ofany former spouse who resides or resided with the debtor in the community property state, commonwealth, or territory. Include all names usedby the nondebtor spouse during the eight years immediately preceding the commencement of this case. If a minor child is a codebtor or a creditor, state the child's initials and the name and address of the child's parent or guardian, such as "A.B., a minor child, by John Doe, guardian." Do not disclose the child's name. See, 11 U.S.C. §112 and Fed. R. Bankr. P. 1007(m). Check this box if debtor has no codebtors.NAME AND ADDRESS OF CODEBTORNAME AND ADDRESS OF CREDITORcontinuationsheetsattachedtoScheduleofCodebtorsSCHEDULE H - CODEBTORSSoftware Copyright (c) 1996-2013 - Best Case, LLC - www.bestcase.comBest Case Bankruptcy0Case 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 15 of 40

B6I (Official Form 6I) (12/07)In reWilliam H. Alderman, JrCase No.13-36502Debtor(s)SCHEDULE I - CURRENT INCOME OF INDIVIDUAL DEBTOR(S)The column labeled "Spouse" must be completed in all cases filed by joint debtors and by every married debtor, whether or not a joint petition isfiled, unless the spouses are separated and a joint petition is not filed. Do not state the name of any minor child. The average monthly incomecalculated on this form may differ from the current monthly income calculated on Form 22A, 22B, or 22C.Debtor's Marital Status:DEPENDENTS OF DEBTOR AND SPOUSESeparatedRELATIONSHIP(S):None.AGE(S):Employment:DEBTORSPOUSEOccupationMetal WorkerName of EmployerABS WeldingHow long employedAddress of Employer3122 West Creek RdCrewe, VA 23930INCOME: (Estimate of average or projected monthly income at time case filed)DEBTORSPOUSE1. Monthly gross wages, salary, and commissions (Prorate if not paid monthly)$0.00$N/A2. Estimate monthly overtime$0.00$N/A3. SUBTOTAL$0.00$N/A4. LESS PAYROLL DEDUCTIONSa. Payroll taxes and social security$0.00$N/Ab. Insurance$0.00$N/Ac. Union dues$0.00$N/Ad. Other (Specify):$0.00$N/A$0.00$N/A5. SUBTOTAL OF PAYROLL DEDUCTIONS$0.00$N/A6. TOTAL NET MONTHLY TAKE HOME PAY$0.00$N/A7. Regular income from operation of business or profession or farm (Attach detailed statement)$0.00$N/A8. Income from real property$0.00$N/A9. Interest and dividends$0.00$N/A10. Alimony, maintenance or support payments payable to the debtor for the debtor's use or that ofdependents listed above$0.00$N/A11. Social security or government assistance(Specify):$0.00$N/A$0.00$N/A12. Pension or retirement income$0.00$N/A13. Other monthly income(Specify):$0.00$N/A$0.00$N/A14. SUBTOTAL OF LINES 7 THROUGH 13$0.00$N/A15. AVERAGE MONTHLY INCOME (Add amounts shown on lines 6 and 14)$0.00$N/A16. COMBINED AVERAGE MONTHLY INCOME: (Combine column totals from line 15)$0.00(Report also on Summary of Schedules and, if applicable, onStatistical Summary of Certain Liabilities and Related Data)17. Describe any increase or decrease in income reasonably anticipated to occur within the year following the filing of this document:Case 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 16 of 40

B6J (Official Form 6J) (12/07)In reWilliam H. Alderman, JrCase No.13-36502Debtor(s)SCHEDULE J - CURRENT EXPENDITURES OF INDIVIDUAL DEBTOR(S)Complete this schedule by estimating the average or projected monthly expenses of the debtor and the debtor's family at timecase filed. Prorate any payments made bi-weekly, quarterly, semi-annually, or annually to show monthly rate. The average monthlyexpenses calculated on this form may differ from the deductions from income allowed on Form 22A or 22C.(cid:134)Check this box if a joint petition is filed and debtor's spouse maintains a separate household. Complete a separate schedule ofexpenditures labeled "Spouse."1. Rent or home mortgage payment (include lot rented for mobile home)$595.00 a. Are real estate taxes included?Yes No X b. Is property insurance included?Yes No X 2. Utilities:a. Electricity and heating fuel$700.00b. Water and sewer$0.00c. Telephone$0.00d. OtherSee Detailed Expense Attachment$480.003. Home maintenance (repairs and upkeep)$0.004. Food$500.005. Clothing$0.006. Laundry and dry cleaning$15.007. Medical and dental expenses$400.008. Transportation (not including car payments)$250.009. Recreation, clubs and entertainment, newspapers, magazines, etc.$0.0010. Charitable contributions$1,500.0011. Insurance (not deducted from wages or included in home mortgage payments)a. Homeowner's or renter's$150.00b. Life$55.00c. Health$0.00d. Auto$0.00e. Other$0.0012. Taxes (not deducted from wages or included in home mortgage payments)(Specify)Personal Property Taxes$233.0013. Installment payments: (In chapter 11, 12, and 13 cases, do not list payments to be included in theplan)a. Auto$0.00b. Other$0.00c. Other$0.0014. Alimony, maintenance, and support paid to others$5,000.0015. Payments for support of additional dependents not living at your home$1,500.0016. Regular expenses from operation of business, profession, or farm (attach detailed statement)$0.0017. OtherPersonal Hygiene$60.00 Other$0.0018. AVERAGE MONTHLY EXPENSES (Total lines 1-17. Report also on Summary of Schedules and,if applicable, on the Statistical Summary of Certain Liabilities and Related Data.)$11,438.0019. Describe any increase or decrease in expenditures reasonably anticipated to occur within the yearfollowing the filing of this document:20. STATEMENT OF MONTHLY NET INCOMEa.Average monthly income from Line 15 of Schedule I$0.00b.Average monthly expenses from Line 18 above$11,438.00c.Monthly net income (a. minus b.)$-11,438.00Case 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 17 of 40

B6J (Official Form 6J) (12/07)In reWilliam H. Alderman, JrCase No.13-36502Debtor(s)SCHEDULE J - CURRENT EXPENDITURES OF INDIVIDUAL DEBTOR(S)Detailed Expense AttachmentOther Utility Expenditures:Cell Phone$200.00Cable$100.00Oil$180.00Total Other Utility Expenditures$480.00Case 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 18 of 40

B6 Declaration (Official Form 6 - Declaration). (12/07)United States Bankruptcy CourtEastern District of VirginiaIn reWilliam H. Alderman, JrCase No.13-36502Debtor(s)Chapter13DECLARATION CONCERNING DEBTOR'S SCHEDULESDECLARATION UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY BY INDIVIDUAL DEBTORI declare under penalty of perjury that I have read the foregoing summary and schedules, consisting of 17 sheets, and that they are true and correct to the best of my knowledge, information, and belief.DateFebruary 14, 2014Signature/s/ William H. Alderman, JrWilliam H. Alderman, JrDebtorPenalty for making a false statement or concealing property: Fine of up to $500,000 or imprisonment for up to 5 years or both.18 U.S.C. §§ 152 and 3571.Software Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Best Case, LLC - www.bestcase.com Best Case BankruptcyCase 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 19 of 40

B7 (Official Form 7) (04/13)United States Bankruptcy CourtEastern District of VirginiaIn reWilliam H. Alderman, JrCase No.13-36502Debtor(s)Chapter13STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL AFFAIRSThis statement is to be completed by every debtor. Spouses filing a joint petition may file a single statement on which the information forboth spouses is combined. If the case is filed under chapter 12 or chapter 13, a married debtor must furnish information for both spouses whether ornot a joint petition is filed, unless the spouses are separated and a joint petition is not filed. An individual debtor engaged in business as a soleproprietor, partner, family farmer, or self-employed professional, should provide the information requested on this statement concerning all suchactivities as well as the individual's personal affairs. To indicate payments, transfers and the like to minor children, state the child's initials and thename and address of the child's parent or guardian, such as "A.B., a minor child, by John Doe, guardian." Do not disclose the child's name. See, 11U.S.C. § 112; Fed. R. Bankr. P. 1007(m).Questions 1 - 18 are to be completed by all debtors. Debtors that are or have been in business, as defined below, also must completeQuestions 19 - 25. If the answer to an applicable question is "None," mark the box labeled "None." If additional space is needed for the answerto any question, use and attach a separate sheet properly identified with the case name, case number (if known), and the number of the question.DEFINITIONS"In business." A debtor is "in business" for the purpose of this form if the debtor is a corporation or partnership. An individual debtor is "inbusiness" for the purpose of this form if the debtor is or has been, within six years immediately preceding the filing of this bankruptcy case, any ofthe following: an officer, director, managing executive, or owner of 5 percent or more of the voting or equity securities of a corporation; a partner,other than a limited partner, of a partnership; a sole proprietor or self-employed full-time or part-time. An individual debtor also may be "in business"for the purpose of this form if the debtor engages in a trade, business, or other activity, other than as an employee, to supplement income from thedebtor's primary employment."Insider." The term "insider" includes but is not limited to: relatives of the debtor; general partners of the debtor and their relatives;corporations of which the debtor is an officer, director, or person in control; officers, directors, and any persons in control of a corporate debtor andtheir relatives; affiliates of the debtor and insiders of such affiliates; and any managing agent of the debtor. 11 U.S.C. § 101(2), (31).None(cid:134)1. Income from employment or operation of businessState the gross amount of income the debtor has received from employment, trade, or profession, or from operation of the debtor'sbusiness, including part-time activities either as an employee or in independent trade or business, from the beginning of this calendaryear to the date this case was commenced. State also the gross amounts received during the two years immediately preceding thiscalendar year. (A debtor that maintains, or has maintained, financial records on the basis of a fiscal rather than a calendar year mayreport fiscal year income. Identify the beginning and ending dates of the debtor's fiscal year.) If a joint petition is filed, state income foreach spouse separately. (Married debtors filing under chapter 12 or chapter 13 must state income of both spouses whether or not a jointpetition is filed, unless the spouses are separated and a joint petition is not filed.)AMOUNTSOURCE$0.002011 Income from Employment$0.002012 Income from Employment$0.002013 YTD Income from EmploymentNone(cid:132)2. Income other than from employment or operation of businessState the amount of income received by the debtor other than from employment, trade, profession, or operation of the debtor's businessduring the two years immediately preceding the commencement of this case. Give particulars. If a joint petition is filed, state income foreach spouse separately. (Married debtors filing under chapter 12 or chapter 13 must state income for each spouse whether or not a jointpetition is filed, unless the spouses are separated and a joint petition is not filed.)AMOUNTSOURCESoftware Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Best Case, LLC - www.bestcase.com Best Case BankruptcyCase 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 20 of 40

B7 (Official Form 7) (04/13)2None(cid:132)3. Payments to creditorsComplete a. or b., as appropriate, and c.a.Individual or joint debtor(s) with primarily consumer debts: List all payments on loans, installment purchases of goods orservices, and other debts to any creditor made within 90 days immediately preceding the commencement of this case unless theaggregate value of all property that constitutes or is affected by such transfer is less than $600. Indicate with an asterisk (*) anypayments that were made to a creditor on account of a domestic support obligation or as part of an alternative repayment schedule undera plan by an approved nonprofit budgeting and credit counseling agency. (Married debtors filing under chapter 12 or chapter 13 mustinclude payments by either or both spouses whether or not a joint petition is filed, unless the spouses are separated and a joint petition isnot filed.)NAME AND ADDRESSOF CREDITORDATES OFPAYMENTSAMOUNT PAIDAMOUNT STILLOWINGNone(cid:132)b.Debtor whose debts are not primarily consumer debts: List each payment or other transfer to any creditor made within 90 daysimmediately preceding the commencement of the case unless the aggregate value of all property that constitutes or is affected by suchtransfer is less than $6,225*. If the debtor is an individual, indicate with an asterisk (*) any payments that were made to a creditor onaccount of a domestic support obligation or as part of an alternative repayment schedule under a plan by an approved nonprofitbudgeting and credit counseling agency. (Married debtors filing under chapter 12 or chapter 13 must include payments and othertransfers by either or both spouses whether or not a joint petition is filed, unless the spouses are separated and a joint petition is notfiled.)NAME AND ADDRESS OF CREDITORDATES OFPAYMENTS/TRANSFERSAMOUNTPAID ORVALUE OFTRANSFERSAMOUNT STILLOWINGNone(cid:132)c. All debtors: List all payments made within one year immediately preceding the commencement of this case to or for the benefit ofcreditors who are or were insiders. (Married debtors filing under chapter 12 or chapter 13 must include payments by either or bothspouses whether or not a joint petition is filed, unless the spouses are separated and a joint petition is not filed.)NAME AND ADDRESS OF CREDITOR ANDRELATIONSHIP TO DEBTORDATE OF PAYMENTAMOUNT PAIDAMOUNT STILLOWINGNone(cid:132)4. Suits and administrative proceedings, executions, garnishments and attachmentsa. List all suits and administrative proceedings to which the debtor is or was a party within one year immediately preceding the filing ofthis bankruptcy case. (Married debtors filing under chapter 12 or chapter 13 must include information concerning either or both spouseswhether or not a joint petition is filed, unless the spouses are separated and a joint petition is not filed.)CAPTION OF SUITAND CASE NUMBERNATURE OFPROCEEDINGCOURT OR AGENCYAND LOCATIONSTATUS ORDISPOSITIONNone(cid:132)b. Describe all property that has been attached, garnished or seized under any legal or equitable process within one year immediatelypreceding the commencement of this case. (Married debtors filing under chapter 12 or chapter 13 must include information concerningproperty of either or both spouses whether or not a joint petition is filed, unless the spouses are separated and a joint petition is notfiled.)NAME AND ADDRESS OF PERSON FOR WHOSEBENEFIT PROPERTY WAS SEIZEDDATE OF SEIZUREDESCRIPTION AND VALUE OFPROPERTY * Amount subject to adjustment on 4/01/16, and every three years thereafter with respect to cases commenced on or after the date of adjustment.Software Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Best Case, LLC - www.bestcase.com Best Case BankruptcyCase 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 21 of 40

B7 (Official Form 7) (04/13)3None(cid:132)5. Repossessions, foreclosures and returnsList all property that has been repossessed by a creditor, sold at a foreclosure sale, transferred through a deed in lieu of foreclosure orreturned to the seller, within one year immediately preceding the commencement of this case. (Married debtors filing under chapter 12or chapter 13 must include information concerning property of either or both spouses whether or not a joint petition is filed, unless thespouses are separated and a joint petition is not filed.)NAME AND ADDRESS OFCREDITOR OR SELLERDATE OF REPOSSESSION,FORECLOSURE SALE,TRANSFER OR RETURNDESCRIPTION AND VALUE OFPROPERTYNone(cid:132)6. Assignments and receivershipsa. Describe any assignment of property for the benefit of creditors made within 120 days immediately preceding the commencement ofthis case. (Married debtors filing under chapter 12 or chapter 13 must include any assignment by either or both spouses whether or not ajoint petition is filed, unless the spouses are separated and a joint petition is not filed.)NAME AND ADDRESS OF ASSIGNEEDATE OFASSIGNMENTTERMS OF ASSIGNMENT OR SETTLEMENTNone(cid:132)b. List all property which has been in the hands of a custodian, receiver, or court-appointed official within one year immediatelypreceding the commencement of this case. (Married debtors filing under chapter 12 or chapter 13 must include information concerningproperty of either or both spouses whether or not a joint petition is filed, unless the spouses are separated and a joint petition is notfiled.)NAME AND ADDRESSOF CUSTODIANNAME AND LOCATIONOF COURTCASE TITLE & NUMBERDATE OFORDERDESCRIPTION AND VALUE OFPROPERTYNone(cid:132)7. GiftsList all gifts or charitable contributions made within one year immediately preceding the commencement of this case except ordinaryand usual gifts to family members aggregating less than $200 in value per individual family member and charitable contributionsaggregating less than $100 per recipient. (Married debtors filing under chapter 12 or chapter 13 must include gifts or contributions byeither or both spouses whether or not a joint petition is filed, unless the spouses are separated and a joint petition is not filed.)NAME AND ADDRESS OFPERSON OR ORGANIZATIONRELATIONSHIP TODEBTOR, IF ANYDATE OF GIFTDESCRIPTION ANDVALUE OF GIFTNone(cid:132)8. LossesList all losses from fire, theft, other casualty or gambling within one year immediately preceding the commencement of this case orsince the commencement of this case. (Married debtors filing under chapter 12 or chapter 13 must include losses by either or bothspouses whether or not a joint petition is filed, unless the spouses are separated and a joint petition is not filed.)DESCRIPTION AND VALUEOF PROPERTYDESCRIPTION OF CIRCUMSTANCES AND, IFLOSS WAS COVERED IN WHOLE OR IN PARTBY INSURANCE, GIVE PARTICULARSDATE OF LOSSNone(cid:134)9. Payments related to debt counseling or bankruptcyList all payments made or property transferred by or on behalf of the debtor to any persons, including attorneys, for consultationconcerning debt consolidation, relief under the bankruptcy law or preparation of the petition in bankruptcy within one year immediatelypreceding the commencement of this case.NAME AND ADDRESSOF PAYEEDATE OF PAYMENT,NAME OF PAYER IF OTHERTHAN DEBTORAMOUNT OF MONEYOR DESCRIPTION AND VALUEOF PROPERTYBowen Ten Cardani, P.C.3957 Westerre ParkwaySuite 105Richmond, VA 2323311/2013$1,171.00 attorneys fees, $281filing fee, $33 credit report, $15adminSoftware Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Best Case, LLC - www.bestcase.com Best Case BankruptcyCase 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 22 of 40

B7 (Official Form 7) (04/13)4NAME AND ADDRESSOF PAYEEDATE OF PAYMENT,NAME OF PAYER IF OTHERTHAN DEBTORAMOUNT OF MONEYOR DESCRIPTION AND VALUEOF PROPERTYPioneer Credit Counseling11/2013$45 paid directly to creditcounseling agencyNone(cid:132)10. Other transfersa. List all other property, other than property transferred in the ordinary course of the business or financial affairs of the debtor,transferred either absolutely or as security within two years immediately preceding the commencement of this case. (Married debtorsfiling under chapter 12 or chapter 13 must include transfers by either or both spouses whether or not a joint petition is filed, unless thespouses are separated and a joint petition is not filed.)NAME AND ADDRESS OF TRANSFEREE,RELATIONSHIP TO DEBTORDATEDESCRIBE PROPERTY TRANSFERREDAND VALUE RECEIVEDNone(cid:132)b. List all property transferred by the debtor within ten years immediately preceding the commencement of this case to a self-settledtrust or similar device of which the debtor is a beneficiary.NAME OF TRUST OR OTHERDEVICEDATE(S) OFTRANSFER(S)AMOUNT OF MONEY OR DESCRIPTION ANDVALUE OF PROPERTY OR DEBTOR'S INTERESTIN PROPERTYNone(cid:132)11. Closed financial accountsList all financial accounts and instruments held in the name of the debtor or for the benefit of the debtor which were closed, sold, orotherwise transferred within one year immediately preceding the commencement of this case. Include checking, savings, or otherfinancial accounts, certificates of deposit, or other instruments; shares and share accounts held in banks, credit unions, pension funds,cooperatives, associations, brokerage houses and other financial institutions. (Married debtors filing under chapter 12 or chapter 13 mustinclude information concerning accounts or instruments held by or for either or both spouses whether or not a joint petition is filed,unless the spouses are separated and a joint petition is not filed.)NAME AND ADDRESS OF INSTITUTIONTYPE OF ACCOUNT, LAST FOURDIGITS OF ACCOUNT NUMBER,AND AMOUNT OF FINAL BALANCEAMOUNT AND DATE OF SALEOR CLOSINGNone(cid:132)12. Safe deposit boxesList each safe deposit or other box or depository in which the debtor has or had securities, cash, or other valuables within one yearimmediately preceding the commencement of this case. (Married debtors filing under chapter 12 or chapter 13 must include boxes ordepositories of either or both spouses whether or not a joint petition is filed, unless the spouses are separated and a joint petition is notfiled.)NAME AND ADDRESS OF BANKOR OTHER DEPOSITORYNAMES AND ADDRESSESOF THOSE WITH ACCESSTO BOX OR DEPOSITORYDESCRIPTIONOF CONTENTSDATE OF TRANSFER ORSURRENDER, IF ANYNone(cid:132)13. SetoffsList all setoffs made by any creditor, including a bank, against a debt or deposit of the debtor within 90 days preceding thecommencement of this case. (Married debtors filing under chapter 12 or chapter 13 must include information concerning either or bothspouses whether or not a joint petition is filed, unless the spouses are separated and a joint petition is not filed.)NAME AND ADDRESS OF CREDITORDATE OF SETOFFAMOUNT OF SETOFFNone(cid:132)14. Property held for another personList all property owned by another person that the debtor holds or controls.NAME AND ADDRESS OF OWNERDESCRIPTION AND VALUE OF PROPERTYLOCATION OF PROPERTYSoftware Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Best Case, LLC - www.bestcase.com Best Case BankruptcyCase 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 23 of 40

B7 (Official Form 7) (04/13)5None(cid:132)15. Prior address of debtorIf the debtor has moved within three years immediately preceding the commencement of this case, list all premises which the debtoroccupied during that period and vacated prior to the commencement of this case. If a joint petition is filed, report also any separateaddress of either spouse.ADDRESSNAME USEDDATES OF OCCUPANCYNone(cid:132)16. Spouses and Former SpousesIf the debtor resides or resided in a community property state, commonwealth, or territory (including Alaska, Arizona, California, Idaho,Louisiana, Nevada, New Mexico, Puerto Rico, Texas, Washington, or Wisconsin) within eight years immediately preceding thecommencement of the case, identify the name of the debtor’s spouse and of any former spouse who resides or resided with the debtor inthe community property state.NAME17. Environmental Information.For the purpose of this question, the following definitions apply:"Environmental Law" means any federal, state, or local statute or regulation regulating pollution, contamination, releases of hazardousor toxic substances, wastes or material into the air, land, soil, surface water, groundwater, or other medium, including, but not limited to,statutes or regulations regulating the cleanup of these substances, wastes, or material."Site" means any location, facility, or property as defined under any Environmental Law, whether or not presently or formerly owned oroperated by the debtor, including, but not limited to, disposal sites."Hazardous Material" means anything defined as a hazardous waste, hazardous substance, toxic substance, hazardous material,pollutant, or contaminant or similar term under an Environmental LawNone(cid:132)a. List the name and address of every site for which the debtor has received notice in writing by a governmental unit that it may be liableor potentially liable under or in violation of an Environmental Law. Indicate the governmental unit, the date of the notice, and, if known,the Environmental Law:SITE NAME AND ADDRESSNAME AND ADDRESS OFGOVERNMENTAL UNITDATE OFNOTICEENVIRONMENTALLAWNone(cid:132)b. List the name and address of every site for which the debtor provided notice to a governmental unit of a release of HazardousMaterial. Indicate the governmental unit to which the notice was sent and the date of the notice.SITE NAME AND ADDRESSNAME AND ADDRESS OFGOVERNMENTAL UNITDATE OFNOTICEENVIRONMENTALLAWNone(cid:132)c. List all judicial or administrative proceedings, including settlements or orders, under any Environmental Law with respect to whichthe debtor is or was a party. Indicate the name and address of the governmental unit that is or was a party to the proceeding, and thedocket number.NAME AND ADDRESS OFGOVERNMENTAL UNITDOCKET NUMBERSTATUS OR DISPOSITIONSoftware Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Best Case, LLC - www.bestcase.com Best Case BankruptcyCase 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 24 of 40

B7 (Official Form 7) (04/13)6None(cid:134)18 . Nature, location and name of businessa. If the debtor is an individual, list the names, addresses, taxpayer identification numbers, nature of the businesses, and beginning andending dates of all businesses in which the debtor was an officer, director, partner, or managing executive of a corporation, partner in apartnership, sole proprietor, or was self-employed in a trade, profession, or other activity either full- or part-time within six yearsimmediately preceding the commencement of this case, or in which the debtor owned 5 percent or more of the voting or equity securitieswithin six years immediately preceding the commencement of this case.If the debtor is a partnership, list the names, addresses, taxpayer identification numbers, nature of the businesses, and beginning andending dates of all businesses in which the debtor was a partner or owned 5 percent or more of the voting or equity securities, within sixyears immediately preceding the commencement of this case.If the debtor is a corporation, list the names, addresses, taxpayer identification numbers, nature of the businesses, and beginning andending dates of all businesses in which the debtor was a partner or owned 5 percent or more of the voting or equity securities within sixyears immediately preceding the commencement of this case.NAMELAST FOUR DIGITS OFSOCIAL-SECURITY OROTHER INDIVIDUALTAXPAYER-I.D. NO.(ITIN)/ COMPLETE EINADDRESSNATURE OF BUSINESSBEGINNING ANDENDING DATESABS WeldingNone(cid:132)b. Identify any business listed in response to subdivision a., above, that is "single asset real estate" as defined in 11 U.S.C. § 101.NAMEADDRESSThe following questions are to be completed by every debtor that is a corporation or partnership and by any individual debtor who is or hasbeen, within six years immediately preceding the commencement of this case, any of the following: an officer, director, managing executive, orowner of more than 5 percent of the voting or equity securities of a corporation; a partner, other than a limited partner, of a partnership, a soleproprietor, or self-employed in a trade, profession, or other activity, either full- or part-time.(An individual or joint debtor should complete this portion of the statement only if the debtor is or has been in business, as defined above,within six years immediately preceding the commencement of this case. A debtor who has not been in business within those six years should godirectly to the signature page.)None(cid:132)19. Books, records and financial statementsa. List all bookkeepers and accountants who within two years immediately preceding the filing of this bankruptcy case kept orsupervised the keeping of books of account and records of the debtor.NAME AND ADDRESSDATES SERVICES RENDEREDNone(cid:132)b. List all firms or individuals who within the two years immediately preceding the filing of this bankruptcy case have audited the booksof account and records, or prepared a financial statement of the debtor.NAMEADDRESSDATES SERVICES RENDEREDNone(cid:132)c. List all firms or individuals who at the time of the commencement of this case were in possession of the books of account and recordsof the debtor. If any of the books of account and records are not available, explain.NAMEADDRESSNone(cid:132)d. List all financial institutions, creditors and other parties, including mercantile and trade agencies, to whom a financial statement wasissued by the debtor within two years immediately preceding the commencement of this case.NAME AND ADDRESSDATE ISSUEDSoftware Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Best Case, LLC - www.bestcase.com Best Case BankruptcyCase 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 25 of 40

B7 (Official Form 7) (04/13)7None(cid:132)20. Inventoriesa. List the dates of the last two inventories taken of your property, the name of the person who supervised the taking of each inventory,and the dollar amount and basis of each inventory.DATE OF INVENTORYINVENTORY SUPERVISORDOLLAR AMOUNT OF INVENTORY(Specify cost, market or other basis)None(cid:132)b. List the name and address of the person having possession of the records of each of the inventories reported in a., above.DATE OF INVENTORYNAME AND ADDRESSES OF CUSTODIAN OF INVENTORYRECORDSNone(cid:132)21 . Current Partners, Officers, Directors and Shareholdersa. If the debtor is a partnership, list the nature and percentage of partnership interest of each member of the partnership.NAME AND ADDRESSNATURE OF INTERESTPERCENTAGE OF INTERESTNone(cid:132)b. If the debtor is a corporation, list all officers and directors of the corporation, and each stockholder who directly or indirectly owns,controls, or holds 5 percent or more of the voting or equity securities of the corporation.NAME AND ADDRESSTITLENATURE AND PERCENTAGEOF STOCK OWNERSHIPNone(cid:132)22 . Former partners, officers, directors and shareholdersa. If the debtor is a partnership, list each member who withdrew from the partnership within one year immediately preceding thecommencement of this case.NAMEADDRESSDATE OF WITHDRAWALNone(cid:132)b. If the debtor is a corporation, list all officers, or directors whose relationship with the corporation terminated within one yearimmediately preceding the commencement of this case.NAME AND ADDRESSTITLEDATE OF TERMINATIONNone(cid:132)23 . Withdrawals from a partnership or distributions by a corporationIf the debtor is a partnership or corporation, list all withdrawals or distributions credited or given to an insider, including compensationin any form, bonuses, loans, stock redemptions, options exercised and any other perquisite during one year immediately preceding thecommencement of this case.NAME & ADDRESSOF RECIPIENT,RELATIONSHIP TO DEBTORDATE AND PURPOSEOF WITHDRAWALAMOUNT OF MONEYOR DESCRIPTION ANDVALUE OF PROPERTYNone(cid:132)24. Tax Consolidation Group.If the debtor is a corporation, list the name and federal taxpayer identification number of the parent corporation of any consolidatedgroup for tax purposes of which the debtor has been a member at any time within six years immediately preceding the commencementof the case.NAME OF PARENT CORPORATIONTAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER (EIN)Software Copyright (c) 1996-2014 Best Case, LLC - www.bestcase.com Best Case BankruptcyCase 13-36502-KLP Doc 21 Filed 02/14/14 Entered 02/14/14 14:43:58 Desc Main

Document Page 26 of 40

B7 (Official Form 7) (04/13)8None(cid:132)25. Pension Funds.If the debtor is not an individual, list the name and federal taxpayer-identification number of any pension fund to which the debtor, as anemployer, has been responsible for contributing at any time within six years immediately preceding the commencement of the case.NAME OF PENSION FUNDTAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER (EIN)* * * * * *DECLARATION UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY BY INDIVIDUAL DEBTORI declare under penalty of perjury that I have read the answers contained in the foregoing statement of financia










