


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











ALKAZONE® Drinking Water Dealers - ALKAZONE® Water - Hackensack - NJ

































Detox For Life



(201) 494-4030
Call Now for Details!

Wholesale Alkaline Water Distributor in California, Northern New Jersey and the Boroughs of New York
























The Pioneer of Alkaline Antioxidant Water! Call (201) 494-4030


For Better Health, Drink High pH Antioxidant Water!
70% of our body is composed of water. This is why we believe in a source of clean, balanced, and mineral-rich water to maintain optimum health. Since 1994, ALKAZONE® Water has remained the leading wholesale manufacturer and distributor of bulk vitamin and antioxidant water, delivering our products nationwide. We are proud to distribute this special alkaline bottled water because we believe it is important to supply a healthier quality of water to local grocery stores, vitamin supply stores, and natural food markets.
 
ALKAZONE® Water Provides:

Bottled Water
Mineral Water Drops
Vitamin Water Drops
pH Water Drops
Antioxidant Water
Electrolyte Water
Mineral Water
Bulk Mineral-infused Water
Low Acid Water for Pets & Livestock

ALKAZONE® Water is also recommended for businesses involved in caring and sheltering livestock, due to the low level of acidity in our water. Any pet owner or caregiver for outdoor livestock knows the damage acidic urine does to the lawn. Serving your animals our alkaline water will actually bring you to greener pastures without leaving the backyard!

Why Choose ALKAZONE® Water?
Whether we consume healthy or unhealthy foods, all consumed matter is doomed to generate waste products. Our bodies work very hard to dispose of its acidic wastes through urine and perspiration. As our cells are metabolized, the dead cells become a waste product. Despite our cells' constant production of acidic waste, our body fluids must maintain its preferred pH level. This is where ALKAZONE® Water comes into play!

ALKAZONE® Water has lower levels of acid than our competition across the industry. Our bottled water offers a combination of minerals that work with your body to process acidic wastes more efficiently and lower the daily intake altogether, essentially working as an antioxidant while fueling the body with electrolytes.
            




Contact Us

Name (required)




Phone Number




Email Address (required)




Your Message (required)
 








Alkazone® Water

(201) 494-4030

Business HoursMonday8:30am - 5:30pm Tuesday8:30am - 5:30pm Wednesday8:30am - 5:30pm Thursday8:30am - 5:30pm Friday8:30am - 5:30pm SaturdayClosed SundayClosed    




Request Bulk Delivery
(201) 494-4030














 



Water Ionizer Expert — Alkaline Water Benefits





























































Talk to an Expert
                 
					855-843-6506
                
                      
                      
                
                      
                    
We are open 7 days a week! 6 am to 9 pm

0 items $0.00









Learn About The Health Benefits of Alkaline Water Today




 
Download your Free ebook!
Learn All About the Amazing Benefits of Alkaline Ionized Water Today!








or Call 855-843-6506





Maintain a healthy pH Balance
Studies show that metabolic acidosis is associated with many degenerative diseases, can accelerate aging, and cause weight gain. Discover how alkaline water helps neutralize damaging acids.
Alkaline water is used for:

Healthy Part of Weight Loss
Natural Detoxification
Powerful Hydration



A Healthy Part of Weight Loss
A recent study on alkaline water reports that people who drank alkaline water lost an average of 12 pounds over 2 months.
Drinking alkaline water daily may help:

Maintain your metabolism
Reduce appetite
Support healthy probiotics
Promote healthy weight loss




Natural Detoxification
Alkaline water has been shown by clinical research to help the body expel 10 heavy metals.
Drinking alkaline water daily may help:

Protect against the toxic effects of mercury
Helps the body excrete toxins
Optimizes detoxification regimens




Powerful Hydration
Ionized alkaline water hydrates better than plain water and helps supply the body with essential minerals.
Drinking alkaline water daily may help:

Proper hydration (may prevent heart attacks and strokes)
Cells hydrate quickly
Improve athletic hydration and recovery





References:
The effect of daily consumption of 2 liters of electrolyzed water for 2 months on body composition and several physiological parameters in four obese subjects: a preliminary report. Guy E. Abrabam, Jorge D. Flebas. Original Internist. Sept 2011 v18 i3 p96(9).

  Rosborg, I, B Nihlgard, and L Gerhardsson. "Hair element concentrations in females in one acid and one alkaline area in southern Sweden." PubMed NCBI. Ambio, n.d. Web. 3 Jul 2013. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/14703901.

  Vorobjeva, N.V.. "Selective stimulation of the growth of anaerobic microflora in the human intestinal tract by electrolyzed reducing water." Medical Hypotheses. Elsevier, 14 Jun 2004. Web. 5 Jul 2013. http://www.medical-hypotheses.com/article/S0306-9877(04)00489-X/abstract.





































 



Water Ionizer Expert — Alkaline Water Benefits





























































Talk to an Expert
                 
					855-843-6506
                
                      
                      
                
                      
                    
We are open 7 days a week! 6 am to 9 pm

0 items $0.00









Learn About The Health Benefits of Alkaline Water Today




 
Download your Free ebook!
Learn All About the Amazing Benefits of Alkaline Ionized Water Today!








or Call 855-843-6506





Maintain a healthy pH Balance
Studies show that metabolic acidosis is associated with many degenerative diseases, can accelerate aging, and cause weight gain. Discover how alkaline water helps neutralize damaging acids.
Alkaline water is used for:

Healthy Part of Weight Loss
Natural Detoxification
Powerful Hydration



A Healthy Part of Weight Loss
A recent study on alkaline water reports that people who drank alkaline water lost an average of 12 pounds over 2 months.
Drinking alkaline water daily may help:

Maintain your metabolism
Reduce appetite
Support healthy probiotics
Promote healthy weight loss




Natural Detoxification
Alkaline water has been shown by clinical research to help the body expel 10 heavy metals.
Drinking alkaline water daily may help:

Protect against the toxic effects of mercury
Helps the body excrete toxins
Optimizes detoxification regimens




Powerful Hydration
Ionized alkaline water hydrates better than plain water and helps supply the body with essential minerals.
Drinking alkaline water daily may help:

Proper hydration (may prevent heart attacks and strokes)
Cells hydrate quickly
Improve athletic hydration and recovery





References:
The effect of daily consumption of 2 liters of electrolyzed water for 2 months on body composition and several physiological parameters in four obese subjects: a preliminary report. Guy E. Abrabam, Jorge D. Flebas. Original Internist. Sept 2011 v18 i3 p96(9).

  Rosborg, I, B Nihlgard, and L Gerhardsson. "Hair element concentrations in females in one acid and one alkaline area in southern Sweden." PubMed NCBI. Ambio, n.d. Web. 3 Jul 2013. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/14703901.

  Vorobjeva, N.V.. "Selective stimulation of the growth of anaerobic microflora in the human intestinal tract by electrolyzed reducing water." Medical Hypotheses. Elsevier, 14 Jun 2004. Web. 5 Jul 2013. http://www.medical-hypotheses.com/article/S0306-9877(04)00489-X/abstract.





































 



Water Ionizer Expert — Products






























































Talk to an Expert
                 
					855-843-6506
                
                      
                      
                
                      
                    
We are open 7 days a week! 6 am to 9 pm

0 items $0.00








Products

Counter Top Ionizers



Life Ionizer M9 X Next Generation™ Water Ionizer
$2,597.00





Life Ionizer M7 X Next Generation™ Water Ionizer
$1,997.00





Alka Prime S9C
$2,297.00





LIFE 9100
$2,297.00





Alka Prime S7C
$1,697.00





LIFE 7700C
$1,697.00





Alka Fresh MiniMax
$1,497.00





Life LC-11
$3,997.00





Alkazone BHL4200
$2,200.00





Biontech
$1,497.00





A2O Model 500
$999.00





A2O Model 900
$2,295.00





Alkazone BHL3100
$1,600.00





Life Ionizer Next Generation™ M11 X Water Ionizer
$2,997.00





AlkaFresh™  9
$2,397.00





M5 Next Generation™ X Water Ionizer by Life Ionizer
$1,497.00





Life Ionizers Next Generation™ M13 X
$3,497.00





7-Hisha Water Ionizer Counter Top Only
$1,697.00





RP11 Water Ionizer Counter Top
$2,497.00




Under Counter Ionizers



LIFE 7700UC
$2,197.00





LIFE 9200
$2,597.00





Alka Prime S7UC
$2,197.00





Alka Prime S9UC
$2,697.00





Life Ionizer Next Generation™ Undercounter M9 X
$2,997.00





Life Ionizer Next Generation™ Undercounter M7 X
$2,497.00





M11 X Life Ionizer™ Under Counter Water Ionizer
$3,497.00





Alka Fresh
$1,995.00





Life Ionizer Next Generation™ Undercounter M13 X
$3,997.00










































 



Water Ionizer Expert — Water Ionizer Buyer's Guide





























































Talk to an Expert
                 
					855-843-6506
                
                      
                      
                
                      
                    
We are open 7 days a week! 6 am to 9 pm

0 items $0.00













Download Your Definitive Guide to Water Ionizers Today!
Our team of experts has created this guide to answer the questions that water ionizer buyers ask us all the time. In the Consumer's Guide you will find answers to important questions like:

What makes one ionizer better than another?
What are pH and ORP and why are they important?
What if I have hard water?
How do I know which ionizer is right for me?





Health
All ionizers are not created equal! In our guide, you will learn how to find the right ionizer to support your individual health goals.
Lifestyle
When it comes to water ionizers, one size does not fit all! We tell you how to find the ionizer that fits your lifestyle, whether at home or on the go!
Quality
The right water ionizer is an investment and should last a lifetime. Our guide explains the frequently overlooked features that determine how long your new ionizer will last.


 
Free eBook!
Complete the form below to get the facts on water ionizers in our free buyer's guide.

























































Water Ionizers from Tyent Rettin


















































	Miracles, Scams, and Side Effects.



	Don't buy a water ionizer until you've read this game-changing guide



5 tips that could save you thousands 

500 clinical studies from across the globe 

Which water ionizer really is the best?




The secret life of a water ionizer: amazing facts and incredible truths 













	Get your free guide on water ionizers






Which best describes you? *(Please Select)I'm a health nut and want to keep it going.I'm not feeling great and I'd like to feel better.I'm interested in weight loss.I'd like to reverse the aging process and feel younger.I'm an athlete and want peak performance.I'd like to feel alive and energized everyday.




GET MY FREE GUIDE



















	Thinking of Buying a Water Ionizer?



	Don’t hand over a cent until you’ve read how the very best water ionizer brands on the market compare.  Information is everything.  Empower yourself with the facts and select the best water ionizer for you. It’s all at your fingertips with our amazing Water Ionizer Report.






Great guide! I felt like I was getting advice from a friend.




Russel S. Green Oaks, IL




	Expert Views. Clinical Studies. Everything You Need to Know.

GET MY FREE GUIDE


Privacy Policy | © Tyent USA 2016. All Rights Reserved




























Fix the following errors:Hide






















Health Benefits, Uses & Studies Upon Alkaline Water



































































 










JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                








Become a Dealer

Contact Us: 855-893-6887
Sign In  View Cart 










 
WE ARE HERE FOR YOU

We have answers right now!
Talk to Us…Your Way!






Live Help
Chat Online Live







Want to Call?
855-TYENT-US(893-6887)







Not a phone fanatic?
Send Us An Email







Need Answers?
Check Out Our FAQs Page







Too Busy Now?
Schedule a Call







Need More Info?
Tyent Contact Info




 







Home



                            Alkaline Water Benefits Uses Studies                                    







Alkaline Water—Everything You Need to Know Right Here! Instant Access to Free Info & Downloads! 
 


Alkaline Water Overview—What Is It?



Alkaline Water has many ideal properties which offer amazing health benefits. We would like to share those benefits with you and your family.
Alkaline Water is a Powerful Antioxidant.


Research shows that antioxidants have the following health benefits:

Anti-aging properties
Detoxifying effects
Immune support
Free radical protection



Read More About The Purest and Freshest Alkaline Water


The Purest and Freshest Alkaline Water
Imagine having the ability to take normal tap water and give it a special charge that can neutralize free radicals and give you the benefits mentioned above. Alkaline ionized water, or Tyent Water™ has a negative charge called oxidation reduction potential (-ORP). The ORP properties of alkaline water are known by many as simply “antioxidants”.
To explain further, normal body functions cause high or rising oxidation in the body, which is not good. To fight against the oxidation, alkaline water’s negative ORP charge literally hinders the oxidation process by counteracting any rising oxidation effect. Ionized water essentially rejuvenates us. A glass of alkaline water brings us as close as we can ever hope to get to a Fountain of Youth, as incredible as that may sound.
Is having gallons of alkaline water flowing freely just a dream?
Not any more!
The purest, freshest and healthiest alkaline water is also ionized, and it is created by a Tyent Water Ionizer that hooks to your tap.
[ Hide...]









“The Tyent machine performs far above anything else that is out there.”
- Dr. Joe Fawcett, DC 




Alkaline Water vs. Regular Water—A True Story! By Michele Steffney, Alkaline Water Expert




Who wants the best water on earth? I do! I do!

Does it exist?

Yes! Absolutely! It is Tyent ionized alkaline water. But, before you just take my word for it, let’s break it down by one type of water at a time.

First, let me just explain a bit about my experience with water. When I was about 9 years old…
+ Read More of My Alkaline Water Story





I used to see Culligan commercials. These commercials used scare tactics that showed all of the dangerous contaminants in your tap water
Whoa, they were scary! I remember going to my dad about it, and he just shrugged his shoulders and pretty much ignored me. I suppose it did not scare him, but it definitely sparked an interest in me and a mission to find the healthiest water on earth..
Luckily for all of us, water has come a long way since those commercials
Today, there are loads of ways to get your water and new ways popping up daily. Let’s take a quick trip down memory lane, shall we?

1
The obvious classics since the prehistoric days include water from natural lakes, rivers or springs.

2
Well water

3
City water

4
Bottled distilled water for use in chemistry and other applications (not for drinking)

5
Bottled spring water

6
Bottled purified water

7
Flavored waters with fizz and without

8
Gravity pitchers

9
Basic household filters including whole house systems, faucet filters and water softeners

10
Reverse osmosis systems

11
Non-electric alkalizers/ionizers

12
Electric water ionizer machines


Choices, choices and more choices! But don’t fret because since many of the choices listed do not meet our standards, let’s not waste time. Since our goal is to find the healthiest water, the natural choices such as rivers and streams can be eliminated right away because of pollution. Moving on, we will eliminate non-treated well water since it needs to be further filtered, and of course, any basic filter just won’t meet our high expectations.
Now that those subpar water choices are out of the way, let’s concentrate on what’s left and what’s still questionably healthy.


Alkaline Water vs. Bottled Water:
As funny as it may seem, I still see people loading large, plastic wrapped crates of bottled water into their shopping carts. I feel sorry that so many people still do not know that they would probably be better off just drinking unfiltered tap water. Sad but true in most cases.
Although there are a few very expensive, semi-healthy bottled water brands on the market, most of the bottled water companies take plastic bottles and fill them with plain-old filtered tap water. Some of it is packed in such cheap plastic containers that you can smell or even taste plastic when you drink it.
Does this plastic-smelling water sound healthy to you?
I didn’t think so! Besides, it’s not good for the environment or your pocketbook either.
To top it off, most bottled water is surprisingly acidic, and some can even be contaminated with microorganisms that grow from inventory that sits for so long in hot trucks. Pretty gross and very inconvenient, if you ask me! Furthermore, who has the space for all of those clunky bottles anyway?

Score for bottled water:



Alkaline Water vs. Tap Water:
To me, this topic is a no brainer, but who am I to judge?
To start, tap water is mandated to have neutral pH* which from a pH standpoint is okay—meaning it’s not going to harm you, but it won’t help you either. For me, I want to drink a healthy pH of 9.5 to 10 to help keep my body better balanced. However, I want more than just a healthy pH, and you should too.
Here’s what you are missing when you drink tap water over alkaline water:

1A healthy pH
2Better hydration
- since it does not go through an electrolysis process

3Purity
- most tap water has contaminants. See what’s in your water here in Tyent’s Free Water Report 

4Antioxidants
- there is nothing in tap water to help keep your body from dangerously oxidizing



Score for tap water:



Alkaline Water from a Water Ionizer vs. Bottled Alkaline Water:
If you are traveling or in a pinch then bottled alkaline water is just fine. The pH is usually sufficient. However, it costs up to $3 a bottle or more, which in my book is way too much to pay, especially since it’s not as high-quality as the ionized water that comes fresh from a Tyent unit.
When bottled alkaline water is manufactured, there is a packaging process that is required by law that kills the healthy antioxidant properties of the water. So since the antioxidant properties are one of the top reasons to drink ionized alkaline water, it fails in my book.

*There are some regions of exception due to municipal source water.


Score for bottled alkaline water:



Overall Analysis:
Water from an electric water ionizer is still the best choice. It has all of the healthy properties your body needs, so in my book, it’s really the only choice.

Score for alkaline water from a water ionizer:



[ Hide...]



Which Alkaline Water System is Best?We can help you find the top-rated water ionizer!
Water Ionizer Buyer’s Guide
Fill out form



















 

Are There Benefits of Owning a Water Ionizer System Over Buying Bottled Alkaline Water?
Throughout our website you will find hundreds of benefits of owning a water ionizer. See a quick summary of the benefits of our alkaline, ionized water now. Then, check out how the benefits of owning a unit far outweigh buying bottled alkaline water. Here is a quick list of the key topics that will be covered here:






The hassle of buying bottled alkaline water
The hassle of buying alkaline water is based on the lack of convenience. In many regions, bottled alkaline water is only sold through health food stores or can only be found online. Therefore, you will need to take an extra trip or step to purchase it.
Aside from making a special trip, you will also need to load it into your cart, lug it back to your car, drag it into your home and then store it until you need it.



Avoid the inconvenience of the load, lug, and store syndrome and just push a button on your ionizer when you want a fresh glass of alkaline water.








The cost of buying bottled alkaline water
The cost of buying bottled alkaline water is about 50 times more than the cost of owning a water ionizer. A glass of water from a Tyent water ionizer costs about 6 cents a glass. Plus, you will not have to pay for the gas to make that special trip to the health food store just to buy it. Or, pay the high cost of shipping.
The environmental cost of buying bottled alkaline water has a high price tag as well. There are a lot of hidden costs and environmental factors that you may have not considered like these:

The cost of fuel used to make and transport the plastic bottles
The energy used for manufacturing
The cost of fuel in transporting heavy liquids in bottles across the country to distributors
The cost of your fuel to transport the bottles to your home
The cost of recycling or the environmental cost from taking up more landfill space




Slash the huge price tag into bits by purchasing a Tyent water ionizer that will save you a lot of money. Plus, owning a Tyent machine is very eco-friendly.








The shortcomings of buying bottled alkaline water
The shortcomings of buying bottled alkaline water over owning a water ionizer are vast. Aside from the whopping costs and tremendous hassles of buying bottled alkaline water, you will not get the same health benefits either. Sure, bottled alkaline water is healthier than ordinary bottled water, but it does not have as many antioxidants as alkaline water that is fresh from your water ionizer.
Plus, you are limited to the pH level that comes in the bottle. Whereas, with a Tyent unit you can choose the pH level that you want. Remember, there are so many money saving uses for the various pH levels available in your Tyent unit.
As a gift to you, here is a free E-book on the many uses of the water available from a Tyent water ionizer.



Get the most from drinking alkaline water when it is fresh. Ionized water has the most abundant level of antioxidants when it has just been ionized. So push the button, fill up your glass and enjoy. What could be simpler than that!



Interested in reading more? Check out Fresh Alkaline Water vs. Bottled Alkaline Water



[ find more solutions...]

Bottled alkaline water vs. alkaline water from a water ionizer



Tyent Alkaline Water Is the Healthiest Water You Can Drink!

It’s Energizing! Just look at how it stimulates your blood cells.
It’s Unbelievably Thirst-Quenching due to the molecular hydrogen in Tyent Water.
It’s Immune-Boosting! There are more antioxidants in Tyent Water than a glass of orange juice.
There are so many benefits of alkaline water that we can’t list them all here.

[ read more...]

Tyent Water Ionizers Are Easy and Convenient! The best way to drink alkaline water is fresh from the tap. Tyent units are so easy to use and will save you from lugging back bottled water (that’s not even as healthy) from the store.
Tyent Alkaline Water Is Doctor Recommended! Just look at the doctors and scientists who support the benefits of alkaline water.
100% Satisfaction Guaranteed! Tyent Is the only water ionizer company that offers a 75-day trial and a zero stipulations Platinum Lifetime Warranty. We know you will love Tyent Water as much as we do!
Insist on Chemical-Free Alkaline Water! All Tyent Water Ionizers are certified chemical free. Don’t risk drinking dangerous chemicals in your water.


   

Discover more on how Tyent is the TOP WATER IONIZER!


Molecular Hydrogen in Ionized Water
The presence of hydrogen gas gives ionized alkaline water many of its benefits.  Ionized water is produced by electrolysis, enabling the ‘free’ and available hydrogen gas to dissolve into the water. It is the presence of hydrogen gas which gives alkaline water many of it’s benefits. 
Research has shown that removing the hydrogen gas in ionized water diminishes the benefits, and perhaps unsurprisingly, adding extra hydrogen gas to the water increased the therapeutic benefits.  Drinking hydrogen-rich alkaline water is the perfect way to mount a defense against free radicals, which are responsible for oxidization – or decay – within our bodies.



Is Alkaline Water Good or Bad?


Since alkaline water has such a high antioxidant content and because so many doctors recommend antioxidants, it is very good for you. When you compare alkaline water to orange juice you will find that fresh squeezed orange juice has a negative ORP of 250, and we can only drink a few glasses of fresh orange juice per day.
We can drink as much Ionized Water as we wish to in a day. Plus, unlike orange juice, ionized alkaline water has no calories. Many people drink as much as two gallons of Ionized Water per day for their health. So how much alkaline water does your body need?
read more


Alkaline Water Ionizer Benefits
Ionized alkaline water will contain thousands of tiny bubbles when it pours out of a Tyent water ionizer. Those bubbles are molecular hydrogen, which is the antioxidant property of ionized alkaline water.  Molecular hydrogen is the most fragile aspect of ionized water, lasting only a maximum of 18-24 hours, which is why it is important to consume ionized water when it is fresh out of your Tyent water ionizer.
Bottom line: What you really need is an alkaline water ionizer machine!
Shop Water Ionizers Now More Alkaline Water Benefits

Alkaline Foods Vs. Acidic Foods


Alkaline Foods

Vs

Acidic Foods



The human body tends to be acidic because our diet is comprised of cooked foods, pasteurized or otherwise processed foods. Acidity in the body is the root cause of many ailments, some chronic. Soft drinks are the most acidic substance a person can put into his/her body.
This acidic condition is very unhealthy. Before alkaline water, the only way to combat acidity was to eat high alkaline foods like raw fruits and vegetables. Many find this type of diet to be difficult, if not impossible to achieve. Since our body is about 80% water, consuming alkaline water is a much simpler way to achieve an ideal pH balance in the body. Check out these Top 7 Alkaline Foods.


Please click here to find out more 

Alkaline Water Effects—It’s Six Times More Hydrating Than Conventional Water.


Water makes up over 80% of our bodies and is essential for all living creatures. Ionized Water is fundamentally different from conventional water. That is, ionized alkaline water is packed with molecular hydrogen, which allows the water to be absorbed quickly and easily. Lack of water can cause chronic cellular dehydration (or not providing the body with sufficient water), a condition which leaves the body's cells in a perpetual state of weakness and defense. Most people simply do not drink enough water (at least half our weight in ounces) to keep ourselves properly hydrated and therefore healthy.



Minerals That Are Ionized Are More Bio-available.

The body can absorb ionized minerals much more efficiently and can therefore make use of them where they are needed throughout the body. Minerals are some of the most important nutrients the body needs, yet mineral deficiency is common. Drinking Ionized Alkaline Water is an efficient and effective way for the body to get its minerals. You will find that Tyent USA is the most popular and respected water ionizer brand in the industry. Check out our media page to see who is on board with us. Please contact us with any questions or to place your order. We are happy to help get you on your way to optimal health.




Call it an alkaline water ionizer, dispenser, generator or machine—either way, it’s still the best way to get alkaline water
But before you jump online and buy the cheapest machine, you need to pay careful attention to the quality of the water ionizer to protect your safety. It’s important to shop around and do your research. Here is a quick list of what to pay attention to when shopping for an ionizer.

1) Water ionizers use the process of electrolysis to separate normal “stable” water into “unstable” positively charged acid water and negatively charged alkaline water. Only use an electric water ionizer, otherwise you will not get all of the benefits.
2) While pH gets all the attention, it is the Oxidation Reduction Potential “ORP” that is important to improving and maintaining your health (the antioxidants). ORP is a measure of the electrical charge in the water, and plays a key role in eliminating acid from the body, which, in turn, helps raise the pH of the body and allows the body to heal itself. Your body performs the miracles, not the water. The water simply gives your body a chance to work properly. A machine that offers the most plates with the largest surface size produces a stronger ORP overall.
3) The amount of time that the water is in contact with the ionizer plates makes a difference, so look for large plates, and at least 9 of them. The brand that you choose can play a major role in determining performance by having more plates, larger plates, and solid/mesh hybrid plates.
4) Pay attention to the amount of amps that run through the actual plates during the ionization process.
Here’s a simple checklist for purchasing a water ionizer:
-The amount of amps that is passed over the plates -The size of the plates -The number of plates (should be at least 9) -The quality of the materials of the plates (platinum coated titanium is safest and most durable) -Warranty: Some companies such as Tyent USA offer a lifetime warranty, which is worth the investment when you consider the cost of purchasing a new unit when a substandard machine breaks.
See our 2017 Water Ionizer Buyer’s Guide Now

[ Read More...]
Get Our Must-Have Water Ionizer Shopping List

Tyent USA Water Ionizers give you the best water available today.





51 Smart Reasons To Sell Alkaline Water!
Get A Free E-Book Now!
“Margins are excellent!” - Jay Cunningham Authorized Tyent Dealer Download Now



Drink Like the Stars!
Now you can drink the same alkaline water that celebrities and Olympic athletes are drinking!







Celebrity Doctors LoveAntioxidants!
FREE E-BOOK($29 Value)

Antioxidants in Alkaline Water Mean Quick Results for Good Health!

Instant Access





     








become a dealer
 
 










Tyent Core Value #3
You will be listened to and helped in every way possible by us.





 














 














BUYER'S GUIDE


1 MIN DEMO
BECOME A DEALER





















Alkaline Water Benefits, Know More On Alkaline Water | Tyent USA



































































 










JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                








Become a Dealer

Contact Us: 855-893-6887
Sign In  View Cart 










 
WE ARE HERE FOR YOU

We have answers right now!
Talk to Us…Your Way!






Live Help
Chat Online Live







Want to Call?
855-TYENT-US(893-6887)







Not a phone fanatic?
Send Us An Email







Need Answers?
Check Out Our FAQs Page







Too Busy Now?
Schedule a Call







Need More Info?
Tyent Contact Info




 







Home



                            Learn    Alkaline Water 






Learning Center Home
What is Alkaline Water?
Resources
Why Tyent USA?
Testimonials
Videos
FAQs









What is Alkaline Water?
Imagine having the ability to take normal tap water and give it a special charge that can neutralize free radicals and give you the benefits mentioned above. Alkaline ionized water, or Tyent Water has a negative charge called oxidation reduction potential (-ORP).Learn more »





Articles & Resources
Read our ever growing collection of articles, resources and clinical studies from around the world.
                        1. Drinking enough water should be a priority every day of the week, but there are a few instances where you should be extra-aware of chugging enough H20. Pick up a durable.Learn more »





Frequently Asked Questions
Our clients are our biggest supporters. Would you like to know what our clients think about us? Take a look for yourself in the testimonials...Find out more »





TyentUSA Blog
Read the latest news and happenings. Go to Blog »



Did you know? The average 150lbs. adult body contains almost 12 gallons of water. Almost 80% of our body is 'water weight' . 






Next Steps


See Success Stories
Contact Us 
See Sale Items 

See Tyent in Media
Hear a Doctor's View on Alkaline Water




I Want To


Discover Alkaline Water 

Learn More About Tyent 
Watch Videos
Get Free Stuff 




Alkaline Water Blog











Next Steps


Get a Free Water Report
Get a Free DVD
Hear a Doctor's View on Alkaline Water
Alkaline Water: Smart Solutions for Everyday Use Revealed

Shop Water Ionizers 


I Want To


Experience the Secret Benefits of Ionized Alkaline Water.
Discover 21 reasons toswitch your water to Tyent Water
Compare Tyent to Enagic (Kangen Water).
Get Freebies!
Discover 20 Reasons Why Tyent!


Shop Water Ionizers



Alkaline Water Blog
 



                                        JUL 25, 2017                


                        Is a Water Ionizer Much Better than a Reverse Osmosis Unit?                    

 
Reverse osmosis water units are important in survival 






                                        JUL 20, 2017                


                        Is a Water Ionizer Really Much Better Than My Well Water?                    

 
We all know that there are serious problems with Amer 



View the Blog






Why Tyent?

 




What Tyent customers are Saying About Us...







"By properly hydrating with Tyent Alkaline Water and improving her diet my wife is pain free and back to enjoying good health and we have both lost over 20 lbs."
Tom Schafer
Hendersonville, TN





“We at the Oasis of Hope Hospital have a Tyent USA water ionizer in our dining room for all of our patients so that they can have unlimited filtered, alkaline water."
Dr. Francisco Contreras, MD
Oncologist, Oasis of Hope Cancer Center





“I have played professional sports and coached professional sports and we have been singing the praises of Tyent alkaline water for about nine years..."
Tom House, "Throwing Doctor"
Founder, National Pitching Association





“The benefits seem endless... We are immensely grateful we learned of the Tyent ionizers, and realized that this is a priceless investment in our health."
Rick Sr and Jennifer Mendyka
Gillette, WY







Click to Hear More Incredible Testimonials!






Ashley Edney
“The Tyent machine was one of the greatest investments I have ever made.” 
My name is Ashley Edney, and I have owned a Tyent Water Ionizer for almost a year now.  The Tyent machine was one of the greatest investments I have ever made.  
“After about three days of drinking the #1 alkaline water my heartburn and morning sickness had subsided immensely.”
I was pregnant when I purchased the machine and my heartburn and morning sickness were awful.  After about three days of drinking the #1 Alkaline water my heartburn and morning sickness had subsided immensely.  I felt that I had more energy too.
“We definitely feel more hydrated, have more energy and sleep better!”
 My husband is a firm believer in the water ionizer as well.  We both drink it and we definitely feel more hydrated, have more energy and sleep better!
“Your customer service is A+ and that is hard to find these days.”
Friends and family come to us to *drink the good water*.  Your customer service is A+ and that is hard to find these days.  Thank you Tyent for your wonderful product!
Ashley Edney  Alpharetta, Georgia








 
Terry FatorFamous Ventriloquist and Winner of America’s Got Talent, Headliner at The Mirage Hotel and Casino, Las Vegas, NV

“I am a ventriloquist who does impressions of singers without moving my lips, so the pressure on my voice to perform not only for myself but also all of my characters is very heavy. When I signed a long-term deal to perform at the Mirage Hotel and Casino in Vegas several years ago my number one concern was getting what is called “Vegas Throat”, a condition that is caused by the lack of humidity in the Vegas area. My doctor recommended humidifiers in my home and to drink lots of water. I installed the humidifiers and drank plenty of water, but I still noticed that my throat was to dry.
Since I got the Tyent UCE-11 ionizer I have noticed a marked difference. My throat feels much more lubricated and I have my full vocal range back!
I recommend it to anyone who need to keep their voice and body hydrated.
 Another plus is that I am saving hundreds of dollars not having to purchase cases of bottled water and my Tyent ionizer paid for itself in just a few short months. Thanks, Tyent, for making my life and voice healthier!”









Leo the dog
“Keeps his coat shiny and fresh smelling.”
During the ten years we have had our Tyent™ Ionizer, it has improved our life in so many ways!  At the age of 6, our beautiful German Shepard, Leo, was to the point he could not get up on his own because of inflammation and arthritis.  Within a couple months of drinking the alkalized ionized water, Leo was running around like his old self again and lived to be 10 and a half, with a great quality of life!  We are so thankful a friend told us about the Tyent Water Ionizers!!  I know we can credit our great health to our healthy lifestyle and our Tyent water machine!!









 

Yannick BissonCanadian Film Actor, Murdoch Mysteries
"My TV series Murdoch Mysteries is set in 1900 Toronto. Most of our scenes are shot outdoors and I'm dressed in a three piece wool suit, topped off with a Homburg Hat all summer long, and summers in Toronto are HUMID.
I couldn't get through these days if I didn't have the amazingly hydrating Tyent Water in my stainless steel water bottles to keep me going.
In fact on the days I've forgotten it and had to drink regular bottled water I end up with headaches and low energy by the end of my fourteen hour days.
In my business it's all about how you look and HD film isn't always kind. 
 Since having the Tyent Water Ionizer installed in our brand new home six months ago everybody keeps asking me "what I'm doing differently, you're like an alien who never ages" and I tell them it's all in my water!”
Take a peek inside Yannick Bisson’s home. Be sure to keep an eye out for the Tyent UCE-9000 in his beautiful kitchen! 









Robert Moran
"One month short of five years ago, when I was 64, I was happily jogging in the park. I was running five miles every other day in about 46 minutes. This particular day I became extremely fatigued after only two and a half miles – which was two and a half miles from my car. I walked back, which was a struggle. I came home, and went to bed. After a week of being too fatigued to go to work, I went to see the local doctor. I was told that there appeared to be nothing wrong – and was prescribed an asthma inhaler to help me breath. I didn’t and don’t have asthma, and I didn’t have a problem breathing. I presume because I told the doctor that I was running at the onset of my fatigue, he assumed that I had a breathing problem. I was forced to use it once in the doctor’s office – after I came home, I threw it away.
The next morning, I woke up nine-tenths dead – I felt really, really bad.strong> My wife had left early in the morning on business, and came home about four in the afternoon. I thought I would be dead soon, and I gave her all the passwords to our bank accounts. Later that day, she and one of her friends took me to the nearest ER which was about 30 miles away. I guess I didn’t have enough money in the bank for her to let me die. By this time, I could not stand or walk without help.
I was kept overnight in the hospital, and was scanned, poked, and prodded all night long. I was seen by several doctors – one said he found nothing wrong, another said my kidneys were failing, and a third prescribed an asthma inhaler – the same brand and type as the first doctor I saw. Again, I threw it away
I was terrified – I assumed that my kidneys were failing and I didn’t think I’d last a week. I tried to see the doctor I had seen earlier the morning I got out of the hospital just to get some answers, but he didn’t see patients that day. His receptionist was rather rude about it – see him later in the week or go back to the ER.
After some searching, my wife found a doctor that would see me. He looked at the ER and hospital records and declared that my kidneys were not failing, that I did not have asthma or need an inhaler, and there was nothing wrong with me except some mild arthritis. I pointed out that I could not stand or walk without help and slept 23 out of the 24 hours in a day, so there obviously was something wrong. I was sent to a clinic where they took several tubes of blood, and then my wife took me home, and I slept.
After several days, the doctor told my wife that all the blood tests turned up negative, but he scheduled some more blood tests, and a thyroid biopsy, and some sort of nerve test where they stick needles into you and run electric current – he warned me it would be somewhat painful.
My wife took me to get the second round of blood tests. The technician had trouble finding a vein, and I went out like a light. When I woke up, a nurse in the ER was cutting my clothes off. When I woke up, she told me “you are the most excitement we have had all day”. Apparently, I had been out for quite a while, and had turned a rather dark shade of green, according to my wife. She thought that I had died. The ER doctor asked me what my problem was, since the blood tests requested were rather unusual. I told him that I didn’t know. He told me that I was unusually weak and dehydrated, and most emphatically told me not to have any invasive procedures done until I had regained some strength because they could easily kill me. They kept me at the ER for about four hours.
My wife took me home, and immediately cancelled all of the scheduled biopsies and tests. The next day, against my protestations, she hauled me to an alternative medicine clinic run by a licensed MD that had gotten fed up with the conventional medical practices. At this time, I strongly did not believe in “alternative medicine”.
The first thing that became apparent is that the doctor and his staff actually listened to me, and asked detailed questions covering every detail of what I was going through, and asked my opinion of what was going on.
The following took place over a period of six months or more – I cannot remember exactly, but it was a long time. The first month or so I spent sleeping 23 out of 24 hours a day.
I won’t go into all of the treatments in detail (with a few exceptions, vitamins, minerals, and natural remedies). One procedure that was done is called “live blood analysis”. Conventional practitioners now call this quackery – but it used to be a common practice 40 years ago, and is stilled used by researchers. I observed the entire procedure, which basically consists of drawing a drop of blood and looking at it under a video microscope. The result was somewhat disturbing – in addition to various “stuff” floating around in my blood – fat and uric acid crystals, among other things - a significant number of my red blood cells looked like deflated balloons and starfish. The technician told me that he did not know the cause, or the cure, but it was obvious something was stressing my blood cells and that I had a “leaky colon”.
Now this is where the Tyent comes in. The alternative medicine doctor told me to drink at least 64 ounces of water a day. Plain water was good enough, but ionized water would be better.
My wife had a friend who was selling Kangen water ionizers. She volunteered to provide me with ionized water to prove that it would do some good.
For months, my wife would fetch ionized water for me. At this time, I was slowly getting better, staying awake longer and going into work a few hours a week. Being somewhat skeptical about the ionized water, I stopped drinking it for a week, twice, and drank tap water. Both times, I could tell the difference – I started feeling worse, very quickly, when I stopped drinking it, and got better when I started drinking the ionized water. Before I fell ill, I was having trouble urinating – just getting old, I supposed. A few months after starting with the ionized water, the difficulty urinating became less and less. Now, it is not a problem anymore. Also, I used to eat antacids like candy – I have always had an acid reflux problem. Over a relatively short period of time, my acid reflux went away. I seldom need antacid anymore.
I also found that the taste of the ionized water was very good. Filtered water and bottled water is just “bland” – the only way to describe it. The ionized water is just more drinkable to me.
OK, now it was clear to me that I needed my own water ionizer. The price of the Kangen ionizer was outrageous, plus the technology was quite old – it works, but very heavy and requires periodic cleaning. 
I looked at a lot of brands, and settled on the Tyent because the price was affordable, the technology more recent, the self-cleaning feature, and the lifetime warranty. 
My wife bought the lady that was providing the Kangen ionized water for me a very nice thank you gift.
I also looked into the technology of water ionizers on the internet. A lot of educated people who should know better say it is quackery and you cannot “ionize water” because pure water is a non-conductor, and in any case, if you did succeed in putting ions in it, they would just recombine and neutralize each other.
I remember a demonstration in physics class at Ga. Tech. The professor had a large, glass plate capacitor which could be disassembled. Glass is a non-conductor. He charged the capacitor up, and carefully disassembled it. He then shorted the conductive plates together to show that there was no charge on the plates. He then passed the glass plate around the class. He then reassembled the capacitor, and drew a three inch arc from the conductive plates. The purpose of the demonstration was to show that the charge in a capacitor is stored in the non-conductive dielectric. OK, I reasoned, now replace the glass with water – a water capacitor. Charge up the conductive plates. The water next to one plate will have an excess of electrons, the water next to the other plate will have a dearth of electrons. Now quickly remove the water next to each plate – the water next to one plate will be stuck with an excess of electrons, the water next to the other plate will suffer from a lack of electrons. The purer the water, the better this works. In any case, I was clear to me those on the internet – some who are PhDs – that argue that there is no such thing as ionized water should call their University and ask for their money back for giving them such a poor education in physics.
In any case, I not only satisfied myself that not only do water ionizers actually put a charge into the water, but that alkaline water is actually very good for you.
After six or seven months of alternative medical treatment, including copious amounts of ionized water, I begin to become my old, irascible self again. At the insistences of my wife, I had another live blood analysis. This time, all of my red blood cells were nice round like they are supposed to be, no fat in the blood, no uric acid crystals or anything else that was not supposed to be there. Objective proof that the treatments prescribed by the alternative medicine physician actually had an effect.
In about a year after I first became ill, I was able to begin seriously exercising again. I had gained 40 pounds over this period – doing nothing but sleeping and eating is not particularly good for you. I was too heavy to start jogging again, plus my leg muscles had atrophied. I started riding a recumbent tadpole tricycle (not what you think – it is a lean, mean, speed machine if you are man enough to pedal it). I started out barely being able to go 13 mph – now I can hold 22mph on the flats.
In summary, I’m now 69 years old. I can pee again. I lost the 40 extra pounds. I regularly ride Centurys on my recumbent trike faster than a lot younger folks on expensive diamond frame bikes – today I knocked off a 40 mile, very hilly ride with the local bike club. I will be riding the Cap2Cap Century (Richmond to Williamsburg) in May.
I still have my Tyent I bought years ago, it still works great, and my wife and I still religiously drink the ionized water from it.
What caused me to fall so seriously ill? I never found out – perhaps it was a pollen allergy - the day I was jogging was a severe pollen day – I probably will never know. 
As to the extent that ionized water played in my recovery, I can only say that it very noticeably made a difference. As to what role it plays today in my overall health, I cannot say, but I feel great, and I can pee again and I do not have an acid reflux problem. I still drink copious amounts of alkaline water, and you could not pull my Tyent away from me with elephants.
I also have become a firm believer in alternative medicine. I am convinced conventional medicine would have literally biopsied me and drugged me to death, and, after the autopsy, they would have told my wife what killed me.
It can be argued that I eventually would have recovered on my own, if left alone. But three things are clear to me – conventional medical practices would have either killed me or left me disabled and on expensive prescription drugs, the alternative medicine, at worst, did no harm (and I’m convinced that it worked), and the ionized water makes me feel better and seems to have largely eliminated my life-long acid reflux problem.


 






Dr. Nancy McClellanDC Dipl. Ac.
“Tyent Water™, along with all of its other benefits, neutralizes free radicals in a very effective manner.”
One of the important features of drinking Tyent Water™ is the ORP quotient, that is the oxidation reduction potential and the power the water has to go into your body and neutralize free radicals. If people realize that free radicals attack:
Number 1. Nerve tissue  Number 2. Brain tissue  Number 3. Cell walls
They might take ORP a little more seriously.
Tyent Water, along with all of its other benefits, neutralizes free radicals in a very effective manner.
The most important things we can do is to drink Tyent alkaline water because it flushes out the part of your body called the ground substance, or the matrix, where all of your cells sit in. It’s where everything happens in your body. The only thing that I have found that cleanses the ground substance is alkaline water, so I consider alkaline ionized water from a Tyent machine one of the most important things a person can do for themselves and their family’s health.









Franci Crownoble
“It keeps my blood pressure down & I no longer have arthritis in my knees!”
Tyent ionized alkaline water has been very beneficial to my health!  It keeps my blood pressure down & I no longer have arthritis in my knees!
The unit is easy to use & tastes great!  I also appreciate all of the other levels of acid or alkaline water it allows me to use!
-Franci Crownoble  Cottonwood, Arizona









Connie Cochran
“I went with TYENT USA, and I‘m so glad I did!”
My first experience with ionized water was when a representative demonstrated it at a home show.  I thought I knew all there was to know about it’s purposes in life, after all,  I’d be on this planet for nearly 70 years.  Little did I know there was a big surprise awaiting me.  All water is definitely not created equal!
“All water is definitely not created equal!”
I always prided myself in not drinking excessive amounts of sweet soft drinks.  I even made a switch from an occasional soda to a large amount of carbonated tap water that I made myself at home.  What could be better than lots of homemade carbonated water? I began getting acid reflux that was beyond being resolved with over-the-counter products.  My doctor gave be a prescription to help.
The demonstrator at the home show made a huge impression on me.  He had some family members and other people, (who had ionized systems in their own homes), come to the show that weekend.  They all looked very healthy, especially their skin.
I went home and did some extensive research on the computer. I was definitely on a mission.   I already knew I  was going to have this water in my home, easily accessible to drink every single day. To me, it was necessary to compare equipment capabilities along with prices and reviews written by people who use the machine. In my research, I came across a remarkable video showing colon comparisons of those that did and did not drink alkaline water.  There were before and after photos of those that made the switch. Generally I’m not one to share “colon pictures” with my friends, but this was a must!
“I’m so glad I went with Tyent.”
I made the decision to go with TYENT USA because of a comparison video, the price and their warranty , and I‘m so glad I did. It was truly the beginning of a life changing experience. This is a wonderful piece of equipment and really should be a “must have” for everyone. I’m amazed I hadn’t heard about it before.  The choice I made was the TYENT 9090 Turbo. It has the capability to do both extremes: very alkaline and very acidic. I’ve found many purposes for both.  My friends love it when I take them turbo acidic water.  All of our bathrooms are sterilized and the glass is spotless, not to mention the floors!!
“The acid reflux completely resolved itself.” 
During  the first few weeks of my switch to water from my Tyent 9090 Turbo, the acid reflux completely resolved itself.  The weight seemed to be going down.  No longer did I need pain or anti-inflammatory medication several times a day.  My skin and hair improved.  Even the dental hygienist noticed a difference in the build-up on my teeth at my semi-annual cleaning appointment. 
After about 3 months I just happened on to a book called “The Beauty Detox Solution” by Kimberly Snyder, Certified Nutritionist.  As I read the book I began the second phase of my wonderful alkaline future. Learning that “obesity is an acid problem”. I began following her suggestions to eat alkaline food along with my already newly found friend, ionized alkaline water.  Only then did I realize that most of my life I’ve been over-fed and under-nourished causing me to carry around a terrible amount of excess weight. 
“The weight loss is remarkable!”
What a wonderful combination:  ALKALINE WATER and ALKALINE FOOD.  I cannot wait to go back to my physician in early June. The weight loss is remarkable! And, when my doctor reviews the blood work , he won’t have to write prescriptions for inflammation or for acid reflux any longer.
I drink 3 to 4 quarts of this wonderful Tyent Water™ every day.  I only wish I’d learned about it when I was younger . . . But then there are some people who never learn about it. I am grateful this important information came my way and . . . THANK YOU TYENT USA!
Celebrate Life…with Water!
Connie Cochran  Florida









Dr. Joe FawcettDC
“The Tyent machine performs far above anything else that is out there.”
One of the elements that is so key and vital in anybody’s health is their pH, and we want to achieve a slightly alkaline pH in the body. I have looked at a lot of different water ionizer machines and I found the one that truly is the best! The Tyent machine performs far above anything else that is out there.









R. Brouser
"I have suffered from severe arthritis and fibromyalgia for decades.  But thank God I "discovered" alkaline water from Tyent.  It has changed my life completely.  I live in the Sub-Arctic of Alaska's Interior where it is severely cold (down to -60 degrees in the winter) and very dark (less than 3 hours of daylight in the winter, too).  I have seen many doctors to get relief from my disorders and they all have told me to move somewhere warm and sunny, take lots of pills for pain and muscle relaxation, and don't exercise (it will flare up the fibromyalgia.) 
I first heard about the concept of making your body alkaline from my best friend.  Her Integrative Medicine doctor told her to eat certain foods to make her body more alkaline.  She told me many sicknesses cannot live in an alkaline environment. When I searched methods to become more alkaline they all involved specialized and fairly expensive food plans.  It was a lot to grasp since I am already severely reactive to over 400 food allergens and have to carefully avoid otherwise healthy foods.
And then I found out about alkaline water!  All I had to do was drink it; how simple could it be?!  I bought a Tyent 7070 Turbo and began drinking a gallon a day.  (I picked Tyent due to their strong medical recognition in Korea for over 30 years and lifetime product warranty.) 
About 2 weeks after starting the Tyent alkaline water, my worst arthritis symptoms abated.  It will be 2 years next month and the pain has not returned!  
When I told my doctor that my arthritis abated since drinking alkaline water he looked at me and said disdainfully, "You are kidding me; you of all people are a medical social worker and should know the power of a fake placebo!"  I got a different doctor!  The next doctor I found believed in holistic medicine and ran some blood tests and x-rays to see how bad the arthritis was in my hands. 
The tests in 2013 showed there was NO INFLAMMATION in my blood at all (and the pain has been long gone).  There was no other intervention but Tyent alkaline water to give the credit to!
 I have told many friends about the alkaline water.  One friend had fibromyalgia like I do.  I brought her a gallon of water every day.  Within a month she told me her fibro pain had disappeared.  I was shocked; I still had a lot of pain.  Then it dawned on me that I was told to not exercise and I hadn't in years.  If I didn't exercise how would I know if the water could take away muscle pain? I started physical therapy.  Over the last year and a half I have gotten to 3 miles on my treadmill and many exercises each day.  I haven't hurt at all after working out. I have some continued general fatigue and mild pain, but not related to my physical therapy.  Amazing!!  Of course, I guzzle close to a gallon every day.  
The water seems to wick away whatever waste materials that normally cause my fibromyalgia pain from exercise.  Since then I have lost 25 pounds and 2 dress sizes, too.  Thank God for Tyent alkaline water.”










 

Michael McKenry Catcher, Tampa Bay Rays
“You gotta look into this alkaline water. It’ll do dividends for your life. When it comes to alkaline water, Tyent USA is THE brand.”
It’s just been wonderful to be able to be ahead of the game, just a little bit, comparative to other guys that are just drinking regular bottled water.”
After doing a lot of research, when it comes to alkaline water, Tyent USA is THE brand.
Tyent Water, along with all of its other benefits, neutralizes free radicals in a very effective manner.









Kristen Taylor
“I have received excellent customer service with Tyent USA.”
I am Kristen Taylor and I want to first discuss the excellent customer service I have received with Tyent USA. Jim Roberts has gone above and beyond...over the top to serve and satisfy and I am most grateful to have met him and I am more than thrilled to have gone this route opposed to choosing the other ionized/ alkaline companies that I was debating.  It has been such a pleasure dealing with Jim and he has been so prompt, so on top of things, so kind and has made this experience perfect for me!
“I love the energy that the Tyent Water™ gives me, and I love how it keeps my system regulated and cleansed.” 
I am so glad I chose Tyent USA.
“My skin has been so clear from drinking the ionized water and from using the Tyent beauty water as well!*”
I am a major fan of Tyent USA and I want to tell the world!
-Kristen Taylor  Inman, South Carolina
*Note from Tyent USA: The Tyent beauty water that Kristen is referring to is simply level 1 acidic pH water from the Tyent water ionizer produces in addition to the alkaline pH ionized water.










 

Shareece WrightBaltimore Ravens



“Lactic acid is a big, big part of the reason why you get sore.
After drinking Tyent Water, the soreness after practice is not there anymore like it used to be before I was drinking Tyent Water.
Getting out of bed, I feel a lot better and it’s definitely helping with my energy once I go out on the field and perform. As a professional football player and athlete and being out there on the field everyday and being in different types of weather, we can’t afford to be sick. As far as the immune system, we have to keep our immune system strong.
This water, I feel, is definitely making my immune system stronger.
It’s a clear taste. It’s smooth going down your throat. It’s easy to drink and you don’t feel as bloated when you drink Tyent Water than when you drink faucet water.”









Icilda Sanford & Family
“I am very pleased with my decision based on numerous factors such as: Tyent’s warranty, price, guarantees, health benefits, and great taste!”
My family has been drinking Tyent Water™ for approximately 6 months. Prior to ordering my Tyent machine I was approached by a Kangen water distributor. I began to research the benefits and the companies that offered Alkaline water. After much comparison, I decided to purchase my Tyent machine. I am very pleased with my decision based on numerous factors such as: Tyent’s warranty, price, guarantees, health benefits, and great taste!
“Now my children love drinking Tyent Water™.”
In addition, my daughter suffered from a bad ache and my children, in general, did not like to drink water. However, ever since the machine was installed, her acne cleared up and now my children love drinking Tyent Water™.
“I use the water to sanitize my house and it works great!”
Lastly, other than the health benefits, the machine has greatly reduced my cleaning budget. Instead of buying an array of cleaners, I use the water to sanitize my house and it works great!
“I am very pleased with the product and the great customer service. The Tyent was definitely one of my best purchases in life.” 
Thanks TYENT!!!
From a very pleased customer, 
-Icilda Sanford & Family  Los Angeles, California










 

Nate Schierholtz Starting Right Fielder, Chicago Cubs


“A lot of athletes are beginning to use Tyent Water. It’s a great product and it’s huge in sports.

							Playing 162 games a year is physically taxing on the body, and so my Tyent Water definitely gives me the boost I need.
						

							I work out almost everyday and I need better sleep, more
			hydration and to feel 100% focused on the field, and I feel that
			Tyent Water does that for me.
						

							You won’t see me drinking anything but Tyent Water”
						



 
 
Where You May Have Seen Us...





































FEATURED SWIPE FILE





                    The Ultimate
                    Water Ionizer Swipe File
                
57 proven water ionizer tips, ideas and uses that you have never heard...















 
 










Tyent Core Value #3
You will be listened to and helped in every way possible by us.





 














 














become a dealer





















Buy Countertop & Undercounter Water Ionizer, Alkaline Ionized Water Filter



































































 










JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                








Become a Dealer

Contact Us: 855-893-6887
Sign In  View Cart 










 
WE ARE HERE FOR YOU

We have answers right now!
Talk to Us…Your Way!






Live Help
Chat Online Live







Want to Call?
855-TYENT-US(893-6887)







Not a phone fanatic?
Send Us An Email







Need Answers?
Check Out Our FAQs Page







Too Busy Now?
Schedule a Call







Need More Info?
Tyent Contact Info




 







Home



Products 












                        More Great Products
                        Below
                    








9 Plate Water Ionizers
11 Plate Water Ionizers






MMP-9090 TURBO






UCE-9000 TURBO






ACE-11






UCE-11








All Filters




Ionizer Filters







Pre-Filters







TYgo





pHandOrp





Shower Lux Filters









Travel Products




GoodLife Bottles







TYgo Alkalizer





pHandOrp 







Accessories









Cleaning Filters







Faucet Diverters







Waterceuticals








pH Drops







 21 Most Important Alkaline Water Benefits: Tyent Delivers 

	Have you heard the latest in health and wellness? It’s alkaline water and it is taking the world by storm. Not only it is better for hydration than gulping down 64 ounces of regular tap or bottled water, it has a multitude of benefits to help improve and even optimize your health.
	Read more.



	Did you also know that Tyent water ionizers provide the best quality alkaline water available? Tyent USA delivers in all alkaline water categories! 


What are the 21 Top Benefits of Alkaline Water?
  
	Alkaline water, specifically from Tyent USA water ionizers, offers the following benefits over other water sources:


 	
		1.  Ultra-pure – Tyent water ionizers use Ultra filters which are the industry’s best water filtration technology. With .01 microns filtration, the same used in hospital kidney dialysis machines, the Tyent unit removes harmful pathogens, bacteria, viruses, heavy metals, sediment, pesticides and other toxic substances from the water. Tyent water ionizers are also certified as chemical free. 
	

		2.  Alkaline pH – The Tyent water ionizer produces healthy alkaline water to counteract the acidic pH environment wreaking havoc in our bodies from our diet and environmental contaminants. It is an overly acidic pH body that is subject to disease. By drinking alkaline water we can rebalance our body’s pH which has a multitude of benefits that work together to give us better health.
	

		3.  Anti-aging properties – With our lives today we unfortunately ingest and breathe in many toxins that our cells cannot fend off. As a result our bodies under metabolic acidosis which leads to cellular degeneration which, in turn, causes premature aging. Alkaline water improves our body’s pH to more alkaline level while its antioxidant properties neutralize the free radicals causing us to age faster. With the improved hydration of Tyent alkaline water we not only feel great but will look great too. 
		 
			According to the author of “The Water Puzzle and Hexagonal Key”, Dr. Mu Shik Jhon, “Several studies support the premise that consuming alkaline water results in a general slowing of the aging process.”
		

 
		4.  Less Cost – Well, you are probably already flushing money down the proverbial drain with bottled water because someone said that bottled water is better for you. Actually, it’s not that much better for you than regular tap water. Some bottled water companies have recently been outed for outright lying to their consumers and admitted they simply filled the bottles with tap water instead of purified or filtered water. The cost of one bottle of “purified” water ranges from $1.50 to over $2.50 for a 16-20 ounce bottle. However, alkaline water from Tyent water ionizers cost approximately 6 cents per glass. Now that’s change we can believe in!
	

		5.  Energizing – The negative oxidation reduction potential (ORP) found in Tyent alkaline water adds oxygen ions to our cells which results in improved hydration and cellular movement. What does this mean for your energy levels? The additional oxygen energizes our cells which energizes our bodies. Try a tall glass of Tyent alkaline water in the morning instead of cup of “Joe” or a so-called energy drink. You’ll be amazed at how much better you feel. The effects won’t wear off a couple hours later either like caffeinated beverages.
	

		6.  No plastic taste or leached chemicals from plastic –The formation of plastic bottles involves the use of chemicals. There is nothing in the bottles that inhibits the chemicals from leaching from the bottle into your “purified” bottled water. Now you are simply ingesting chemical-laden water which counters the logic behind drinking purified water in the first place. With Tyent alkaline water you know your water is not contaminated with plastic chemicals. 
		
			Need to be able to transport your alkaline water everywhere you go without pouring it into a plastic bottle? Easy! Tyent USA offers the GoodLife water bottles that are 100% BPA-free, non-leaching and toxin-free. Additionally, you can purchase your own portable water alkalizer, called the TyGO, and refill your GoodLife water bottle or regular glass with refreshing alkaline water.
		


		7.  Healthy – Alkaline water is also known as healthy water. Why? Because it removes all the bad stuff permeating your regular water and adds good stuff like antioxidants that rebalance your body’s pH level to counteract and prevent metabolic acidosis which leads to all sorts of issues – premature aging, weight gain, and disease. Tyent alkaline water also increases the oxygen in your body for better hydration. Better hydration equals better health.
		 
			Dr. Alvin Stein, MD and FACS, touts “The beauty of Tyent Water is that it penetrates into the cells and hydrates the cells at the cellular level.”
		

			Designer fitness and nutrition coach, Lorraine Westenberger, acclaims that “Tyent Water is as unique and healthy as my workouts.”
		


		8.  Mineral rich – Two time Nobel Prize winner, Dr. Linus Pauling states that “You can trace every sickness, every disease, and every ailment to a mineral deficiency.” Consuming ionized minerals found in alkaline water is a highly effective way to deliver these minerals to the body for faster absorption. Most filtered or purified water actually remove the minerals that our bodies need, such as magnesium and calcium. Ionized alkaline water filters out the bad stuff while leaving in the good stuff for optimized health.
	

		9.  Healthy immune system support – Tyent ionized alkaline water is full of the antioxidant support your body needs to bolster its immune system. The alkaline water works at the cellular level to repair and rejuvenate the body’s hardest working soldiers – the blood cells. 
		
			For more information on how ionized alkaline water benefits us at the cellular level, check out Dr. Gus Spatharakis’s experiment at  http://vimeo.com/58891080 .
		


		10. Faster exercise recovery times – Exercise drains the body of energy and necessary hydration. Athletes know that their bodies need to recover faster and be stronger each and every time. How do they do that? Mineral-rich Tyent alkaline water rushes hydration to the body for faster recovery times. Just ask professional football player TJ Ward from the Cleveland Browns. He says that “With Tyent Water, my recovery time is much faster and my energy levels have noticeably increased.”
	

		11. Better memory and concentration levels – Ever experience “brain fog”? Most of us have and it only gets worse as we age. The effect of degenerating cells in our bodies doesn’t just mean we appear to age faster and we are more prone to disease. It also impacts our thinking caps – our brains. The antioxidant, alkaline water from Tyent works to repair and protect our bodies at the cellular level, including our brain cells for improved mental acuity and memory. 
		    
			Olu Omoloju boasts that due to Tyent water, “I feel very focused and energetic throughout the entire day…”
		

			Bradford Hall exclaims that with Tyent alkaline water “I have received great benefits in terms of my overall health, mental acuity, and skin appearance.”
		


		12. Hangover relief – Consumption of alkaline water provides fast relief from the damaging effects of alcoholic beverages. How? The better hydration from the extra oxygen ions treats the cause of hangovers – dehydration. As a bonus, regular consumption of alkaline water can prevent hangovers because your body is already super-hydrated and able to fight off the alcohol effects. Now don’t we all wish we had known this in college?
	

		13. No tummy or body bloating – So you drink your 64 ounces of regular water a day. What does that accomplish but a lot of trips to the restroom and that bloated “there’s a water jug in my tummy” feeling? Try doing jumping jacks after consuming a bunch of water. Fun, huh? 
		
			The beauty of Tyent alkaline water is that its busy rushing hydration to your cells, not taking a pit stop in your stomach waiting patiently to be digested and released to your cells. 
		


		14. Rich in antioxidants – Tyent alkaline water is super-rich in antioxidants from its ionization process. The extra oxygen molecules speed hydration and nutrients to your cells, while neutralizing those pesky free radicals. There are more antioxidants in a glass of Tyent water than a glass of orange juice. The negative charged ORP from the Tyent water ionizer gives your alkaline water an antioxidant punch!
	

		15. Weight loss support – Everyone now knows that drinking water is one of the simplest methods to help you lose weight. Did you also know that drinking ionized alkaline water actually speeds up the process? Since the alkaline water is speeding hydration to your cells and helping energize your body, you won’t feel zapped while trying to lose weight so you can do more weight-loss inducing activities like exercising. Additionally, the alkaline water is removing all the toxins in your body that are slowing your metabolism down and making weight loss seem impossible. Tyent alkaline water stimulates your metabolism for easier and faster weight loss.
	

		16. Super charged hydrogen ions – The ionization process with the Tyent system adds hydroxyl ions to your water, which carry more oxygen molecules with an extra electron attached. These ions play a game of Battleship. They seek out free radicals and attack them with the extra electron. The winner in this game is your body as it enjoys the extra oxygen and basks in the defeat of the free radicals.
	

		17. Convenient to carry – Instead of lugging around heavy bottles of water in your constant on-the-go life, you can easily transport your healthy alkaline water in the Tyent GoodLife bottles. Tyent even has a portable water alkalizer called the TyGO that is perfect to carry anywhere for readily available fresh alkaline water.
	
   
		18. Fabulous taste – Seriously, what tastes better than super-pure alkaline water from Tyent? Nothing. It’s crisp and clean. Even actor Evan Ross exclaims “Oh! Tyent Water’s so good.” Want to add a little flavor to your water, try Tyent’s Waterceuticals, AlkaShield and AlkaWake (http://tyentusa.com/waterceuticals#alkashield).
	

		19. Environmentally friendly – Stop filling up landfills with mountains of plastic water bottles! They can really only be recycled so much and eventually end up in landfills and waterways. Instead drink better water, alkaline water from a Tyent water ionizer, in eco-friendly Tyent GoodLife bottles (http://tyentusa.com/products/travels).
	

		20. Better sleep – Seriously we all could use more and better quality sleep. Studies show that a slightly alkaline body sleeps better. While our daily lives lead to a more acidic body, it is logical to deduce that more acidity results in lower energy levels and less quality sleep. Therefore, consumption of alkaline water improves energy levels and lends to better sleep. We all know the difference in our bodies when we don’t have a good night’s sleep. Drinking ionized alkaline water from Tyent can improve our sleep and thus improve our lives while awake. Enjoy the “zzzzzzzz’s”!
	

		21. Enhanced nutrient absorption – The extra oxygen provided by the ionized water from Tyent USA increases our bodies’ ability to properly absorb other nutrients. With the better hydration from alkaline water, our bodies’ ability to speed nutrients to our cells is increased. 
	

   
	Better hydration = better nutrient absorption = better body.


	So What are You Waiting For? Receive the Benefits of Alkaline Water Yourself with a Tyent Water Ionizer


	Really, what’s the hold up? All the above health benefits are awaiting you from a simple change to drinking Tyent alkaline water. Check out all the terrific water ionizer products from Tyent USA and jump start your new improved healthy life with alkaline water! 


	You can also find out more about the benefits of alkaline water and all great Tyent products by joining the Tyent Facebook page or join the Twitter feed athttps://twitter.com/TyentUSA for more information.


	Toast to your new improved and optimized health with a tall glass of fresh, crisp, great-tasting Tyent alkaline water!


	Call our water ionizer experts now and start drinking the best alkaline water right away!
	855-893-6887.

Hide.



 










Tyent Core Value #3
You will be listened to and helped in every way possible by us.





 














 














become a dealer



















Home - Alkaline Water Company
















































Menu







        Alkaline Water Company      





WTER OTCQB
            
            $1.28          











Healthful Hydration
Every bottle delivers finest himalayan salts + minerals in premium 8.8pH alkaline water.  Stay active, balanced and hydrated.  At home or away, drink Alkaline88 on every trek.




 









Essential Products
Healthful hydration for smart consumers
 »







Textbook Difference
Not all waters are made the same
 »







Nationwide Impact
Available in a store near you
 »


 





The Alkaline Water Company
Enjoy the perfect balance of pH Hydration with Alkaline88®. Our state-of-the-art, proprietary electrolysis process is enhanced with trace minerals and electrolytes. Cost-effectively packaged, Alkaline88® delivers 8.8 pH balance as a premier bottled water beverage for every age and lifestyle. Get pH hydrated with Alkaline88.®
Learn more about us




 




  Click a category to view


All
Company News
Industry News
Media News







        Alkaline Water Co. Reports Record Fiscal 2017 Financial Results and Forecasts First Quarter Sales      

        Jul 18, 2017      







        Alkaline Water Co. initiates distribution with Valu Merchandisers Company (VMC)      

        Jun 13, 2017      







        Alkaline Water Co. Achieves Another Record Month with $1.84 Million in Sales      

        Jun 8, 2017      







        Alkaline Water Co. Focuses on Adding National Retailers      

        May 23, 2017      




More

 







      ALL Water is NOT Created Equal    

      Its your body. You pick the fuel. Your water should be more than just filtered and distilled. IT SHOULD BE HEALTHFUL HYDRATION CRAFTED WITH KEY MINERALS AND pH BALANCE!    

Busy lifestyles, keeping fit, staying busy, climbing the next mountain… it all takes effort and sweat. If you’ve been listening to the media, your mom, your coach or darn near anybody else, you already know the value of daily hydration.
But don’t just reach for the next bottle or glass of filtered water. If you want the best for yourself, you should be drinking a premier water designed for today’s lifestyles. Our bodies require balance, and Alkaline88® is exactly that…  a premium drinking water blended with Himalayan minerals and consistently perfect pH alkalinity.
Stay balanced and enjoy. Designed for people who live life. Drink the best.


 
















 








Press Releases :: The Alkaline Water Company, Inc. (WTER)
































 




Menu






The Alkaline Water Company, Inc.





WTER OTCQB 











Press Releases
Investor Relations





 







    	    	    	    News / Events    	                    
    	




Overview


News / Events


Press Releases


IR Calendar


Email Alerts




Company Info


Profile


Presentations


Management Team


Contacts


FAQ




Financial Info


Balance Sheet


Income Statement


Cash Flow


Financial Results




Stock Data


Quote


Charts


Historical Data




SEC Filings


All SEC Filings


Annual Reports


Quarterly Reports


Section 16 Filings




 Governance


Board of Directors




Investor Tools 

Email Alerts
Tear Sheet
Contacts
RSS News Feed





 






News / Events

Press Releases


IR Calendar


Email Alerts


 







All News
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013









                Alkaline Water Co. Reports Record Fiscal 2017 Financial Results and Forecasts First Quarter Sales            

July 18, 2017






                Alkaline Water Co. initiates distribution with Valu Merchandisers Company (VMC)            

June 13, 2017






                Alkaline Water Co. Achieves Another Record Month with $1.84 Million in Sales            

June 8, 2017






                Alkaline Water Co. Focuses on Adding National Retailers            

May 23, 2017






                The Alkaline Water Co.'s Increased Production Capacity Accelerates Coast-to-Coast Expansion            

May 11, 2017






                Alkaline Water Co. Posts Second Consecutive Month of Record Sales            

May 4, 2017






                Alkaline Water Co.'s Alkaline88(R) Expands into Harris Teeter across the Eastern United States            

May 2, 2017






                Alkaline Water Co. Appoints Retail Veterans Al Marasca and Frank Lazaran to Advisory Board            

April 11, 2017






                Alkaline Water Co. Initiates National Roll-Out of Single-Serving Sizes            

March 28, 2017






                Alkaline Water Co.'s Alkaline88(R) is now available at all 25 Festival Foods locations            

March 16, 2017

 






1
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 ...17 

  






















 





History - Alkaline Water Company















































Menu







        Alkaline Water Company      





WTER OTCQB
            
            $1.28          










History
The Alkaline Water Company history




 









                About Us              






History


Mission


Management


Locations













Headquartered in Scottsdale Arizona, the Alkaline88® team consists of a group of dedicated beverage professionals, scientists and water engineers who have been studying the benefits of Alkaline Water for the past 14 years.
ALKALINE88® is our flagship product and it truly was designed to encourage daily consumption of Alkaline Water because we believe it is best for everyone. Over the past few years we have worked hard to spread the word, and today we are delighted to have turned our efforts into an effective and diverse consumer oriented nationwide distribution supply chain.
In order to understand the benefits of Alkaline Water, users are encouraged to learn about and enjoy the many benefits of Alkaline Water and to ensure its use as your primary beverage consumed on a daily basis.


 




















 








The Alkaline Water Company, Inc. (WTER)
































 




Menu






The Alkaline Water Company, Inc.





WTER OTCQB 











Investor Relations
The Alkaline Water Company, Inc.





 







    	    	    	    Investor Relations
    	                    
    	




Overview


News / Events


Press Releases


IR Calendar


Email Alerts




Company Info


Profile


Presentations


Management Team


Contacts


FAQ




Financial Info


Balance Sheet


Income Statement


Cash Flow


Financial Results




Stock Data


Quote


Charts


Historical Data




SEC Filings


All SEC Filings


Annual Reports


Quarterly Reports


Section 16 Filings




 Governance


Board of Directors




Investor Tools 

Email Alerts
Tear Sheet
Contacts
RSS News Feed





 


















Latest News





Jul 18, 2017
Alkaline Water Co. Reports Record Fiscal 2017 Financial Results and Forecasts First Quarter Sales

Read Press Release



 





Latest Financial Results





FY 2017
Fiscal Year Ended Mar 31, 2017





 PDF
        

 HTML
            

Release



 PDF
 HTML

10-K Filing



 ZIP
 XLS
 HTML

XBRL
 

 








Stock Information







Symbol
OTCQB: WTER




Price





Change
  






Volume





52 week Low/High

 
 


Day Low/High

 
 









Company Overview


The Alkaline Water Company is a premier bottler of alkaline drinking water, with an 8.8-pH balance. The Company has developed an innovative state of the art proprietary electrolysis beverage process that enhances its product with trace minerals and electrolytes and produces water high in alkalinity. The company is focused on the business of distributing and marketing the retail sale of its cost-effective packaged Alkaline88 water beverage products. The Alkaline Water Company Inc. is currently in the midst of a national mass-market expansion program and is available for consumer sales at over 25,000 major retail locations across the United States. 





Download







Contact Information





Investor Relations                                                                                                                                                                T: 866-242-0240 investors@alkalinewatercorp.com 



Transfer Agent                    Island Stock Transfer                                                            15500 Roosevelt Boulevard                    Suite 301                    Clearwater, FL 33760                                        T: 727-289-0010                                        F: 727-289-0069 www.islandstocktransfer.com 



 




















 





Disclaimer - Alkaline Water Company















































Menu







        Alkaline Water Company      





WTER OTCQB
            
            $1.28          










Disclaimer




 




This website is provided as a convenience to The Alkaline Water Company, Inc. (“Alkaline Water Co.”) shareholders and the public. The statements and communications contained in the Alkaline Water Co. website are intended for information only. None of them constitutes a solicitation, an offer or a recommendation to buy or sell securities, or to conduct other transactions. No warranty, either express, or implied, is given for the information and opinions published on the website. Actions based on statements made therein are the responsibility of those who take them. Alkaline Water Co. therefore disclaims all liability for damage which may result directly and indirectly from the use, performance or consultation of the Alkaline Water Co. web site, in connection with access to the website itself or other websites linked to it.
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This website contains certain “forward-looking statements.” Such forward-looking statements are sometimes identified by words such as “intends,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “expects” and “hopes” and include, without limitation, statements regarding Alkaline Water Co.’s plan of business operations, potential contractual arrangements, receipt of working capital, anticipated revenues and related expenditures and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results. Such factors include, among others, the willingness and ability of third parties to honor their contractual obligations, the decisions of third parties over which Alkaline Water Co. has no control, commodity prices, environmental and government regulations, availability of financing, judicial proceedings, force majeure events, and other such risk factors. Many of these factors are beyond Alkaline Water Co.’s ability to control or predict. Investors are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Except as otherwise required by applicable securities statutes or regulations, Alkaline Water Co. disclaims any intent or obligation to update publicly these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Nothing on this website is either an offer to purchase, or a solicitation of an offer to sell, shares of The Alkaline Water Company, Inc. or any other entity. Nothing on this website is a solicitation of a proxy from a security holder of Alkaline Water Co. or any other company.
EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY
Alkaline Water Co. shall not be liable for any claims, expenses, damages (including direct, indirect, special or consequential damages), and loss of profits, opportunities or information arising from:  the use of or reliance on information contained in this website; any inaccuracy or omission in such information or failure to keep the information current; use of any third party websites linked to this website; any Internet software used in connection with this website or computer viruses or other destructive programs encountered as a result of using this website; and any other matter connected with this website; even if Alkaline Water Co.is made aware of the possibility of such claims, expenses, damages or losses.
NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR INTERNET SOFTWARE OR COMPUTER VIRUSES
Due to technical difficulties inherent in the Internet, Internet software or transmission problems could produce inaccurate or incomplete copies of information contained on this website. Computer viruses or other destructive programs may also be inadvertently downloaded from the website. The Alkaline Water Co. shall not be liable for Internet software, computer viruses or destructive programs and recommends that you install appropriate anti-virus or other protective software.
NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR LINKED WEBSITES
The Alkaline Water Co. provides links to third party websites for your convenience only and the inclusion of these links does not imply that Alkaline Water Co. monitors or endorses these websites. Accordingly, Alkaline Water Co. accepts no responsibility for such websites. The Company provides links to websites operated by third parties. These links may be of interest or of use to you, and are provided for convenience only. You should be aware that in using these links, you are leaving the Company’s website. The Company does not approve or endorse the content, information or materials available on such third-party websites. In addition, the Company makes no representation regarding, and is not responsible for, the content, information or material available on such websites. If you decide to access such websites, you do this at your own risk, and the Company will not be liable for any loss or damage associated with your use of, or reliance on, the content, information or material available on such websites.
WEBSITE IS PROVIDED AS A SERVICE ONLY
This website is not intended as a solicitation or offering of securities in any jurisdiction and the information contained herein in no way should be construed or interpreted as such. No securities commission or other regulatory authority in the United States, Canada or any other country or jurisdiction has in any way passed upon this information and no representation or warranty is made by Alkaline Water Co.to that effect. The information on this website should not be used for the purpose of making investment decisions concerning Alkaline Water Co. securities. Printed copies of public disclosure documents may be obtained directly from Alkaline Water Co. Investor Relations.
STOCK QUOTES
All quotes are delayed at least [20] minutes unless otherwise stated. All stock quotes and historical stock price data are provided by third party service providers and are provided for informational purposes only, and are not intended for trading purposes. If you are contemplating trading in the securities of The Alkaline Water Co. we strongly advise you to seek independent professional advice before making any investment decision. The Alkaline Water Co. makes no representation or warranty regarding the accuracy or completeness of any such stock price quotes or historical stock price data and has not taken any steps to verify the adequacy, accuracy or completeness of the information provided herein.
EXTERNAL DATA LIMITATIONS
The Alkaline Water Co., its affiliates and third party providers are not responsible for any errors or omissions in the information contained on or accessed through this Site. All such information in this Site is provided “as is”. Alkaline Water Co., its affiliates and third party providers make no warranties or representations and disclaim all express, implied and statutory warranties of any kind to the user and any third party, including, but not limited to, any warranties of accuracy, timeliness, completeness, merchantability, non-infringement and fitness for any particular purpose.
Except for claims that cannot be excluded by the applicable local law, The Alkaline Water Co. Inc., its affiliates and third party providers shall not have any liability, including but not limited to, tort, contract or any other liability to user or any third party arising as a result of use of or access to this Site.
Alkaline Water Co., its affiliates or third party providers shall not be liable to user or any third party for lost profits or lost opportunity, direct, indirect, special, consequential, incidental or punitive damages whatsoever, even if Alkaline Water Co., its affiliates or third party providers have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Some jurisdictions do not allow for the exclusion or limitation of implied warranties or liability for incidental or consequential damages. Therefore, the above limitations may not apply to you, or there may be applicable laws which supersede the above. Any clause of this disclaimer declared invalid by the appropriate authority in each jurisdiction shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this disclaimer. The Alkaline Water Co. reserves the right to amend the document at its discretion at any time without notice.

 
















 








Quote :: The Alkaline Water Company, Inc. (WTER)
































 




Menu






The Alkaline Water Company, Inc.





WTER OTCQB 











Quote
Investor Relations





 







    	    	    	    Stock Data    	                    
    	




Overview


News / Events


Press Releases


IR Calendar


Email Alerts




Company Info


Profile


Presentations


Management Team


Contacts


FAQ




Financial Info


Balance Sheet


Income Statement


Cash Flow


Financial Results




Stock Data


Quote


Charts


Historical Data




SEC Filings


All SEC Filings


Annual Reports


Quarterly Reports


Section 16 Filings




 Governance


Board of Directors




Investor Tools 

Email Alerts
Tear Sheet
Contacts
RSS News Feed





 






Stock Data

Quote


Charts


Historical Data


 





 Loading Data... 

 




















 





Alkaline88 - Alkaline Water Company















































Menu







        Alkaline Water Company      





WTER OTCQB
            
            $1.28          










Alkaline88
Alkaline88 can be a key ingredient for an active lifestyle




 









                Products              






Alkaline88


Handy Single Servings


Economical Bulk Sizes


Our Difference














Alkaline88® can be a key ingredient for a healthful lifestyle. Our premier water products deliver the perfect balance of pH hydration which aids and enhances our busy modern lifestyles. To get and stay fit, we all need an adequate supply of water every day – and that means more than just a bottle here and there. Expensive bottles of water with little or no mineral content, or attention to pH balance have been over-consumed for years…
We now know that a busy lifestyle requires balance. Balance means making smart choices. Anyone can easily refill handy personal containers, so why not acquire Alkaline water in bulk? It’s economical and simply the best way to enjoy the benefits from ALKALINE88® – a well-made and well packaged product for today’s conscientious consumer. It’s a product that’s been designed from the ground-up to appeal to active individuals and especially families, by encouraging daily consumption of Alkaline Water without relying on expensive small plastic bottles.
But, when a busy lifestyle means you are on the go and need a handy self serving size, the choice is easy. Alkaline88® comes in a variety of sizes both in single servings or economical bulk sizes and both are increasingly available across the nation.
To truly enjoy the benefits of Alkaline Water, we encourage everyone to make it their primary beverage consumed on a daily basis. The choice is yours. Get the best best balanced water in a serving size that suits your lifestyle.
The Alkaline Water Company employs a state-of-the-art Electrochemically Activated Water (ECA) system to create 8.8 pH drinking water without the use of any extraneous chemicals. The ECA process uses specialized electronic cells coated with a variety of rare earth minerals to produce scientifically engineered water. The Company further incorporate trace Himalayan minerals considered to be the finest in the world suited to a premier beverage.








 







      Be Healthfully Hydrated - Enjoy a Premium Beverage Experience - Drink ALKALINE88 Today!    

ALKALINE88® is produced at an 8.8 pH, DESIGNED TO OBTAIN OPTIMUM BODY BALANCE.
ALKALINE88® contains 84 trace Himalayan minerals beneficial to the active consumer.
You’ll notice the smooth soothing taste of ALKALINE88® the first time you drink it.
As a result of years of scientific study and the development of our key processes, ALKALINE88® tastes great either chilled or straight out of the bottle at ambient temperatures.
Find out more about what makes Alkaline88 different.

 

















  WTER:OTC US Stock Quote - Alkaline Water Co Inc/The - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Alkaline Water Co Inc/The   WTER:US   OTC US        1.28USD   0.03   2.40%     As of 11:15 AM EDT 7/25/2017     Open   1.23    Day Range   1.23 - 1.28    Volume   4,797    Previous Close   1.25    52Wk Range   0.85 - 2.04    1 Yr Return   -22.89%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   1.23    Day Range   1.23 - 1.28    Volume   4,797    Previous Close   1.25    52Wk Range   0.85 - 2.04    1 Yr Return   -22.89%    YTD Return   28.00%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -0.22    Market Cap (m USD)   23.378    Shares Outstanding  (m)   18.264    Price/Sales (TTM)   1.56    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Consumer Staples   % Price Change +0.67%     Industry Food Beverage & Tobacco   % Price Change +0.29%                    Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/18/2017   Alkaline Water Co. Reports Record Fiscal 2017 Financial Results and Forecasts First Quarter Sales     6/13/2017   Alkaline Water Co. initiates distribution with Valu Merchandisers Company (VMC)     6/8/2017   Alkaline Water Co. Achieves Another Record Month with $1.84 Million in Sales     5/23/2017   Alkaline Water Co. Focuses on Adding National Retailers     5/11/2017   The Alkaline Water Co.'s Increased Production Capacity Accelerates Coast-to-Coast Expansion     5/4/2017   Alkaline Water Co. Posts Second Consecutive Month of Record Sales     5/2/2017   Alkaline Water Co.'s Alkaline88(R) Expands into Harris Teeter across the Eastern United States     4/11/2017   Alkaline Water Co. Appoints Retail Veterans Al Marasca and Frank Lazaran to Advisory Board     3/28/2017   Alkaline Water Co. Initiates National Roll-Out of Single-Serving Sizes     3/16/2017   Alkaline Water Co.'s Alkaline88(R) is now available at all 25 Festival Foods locations    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   The Alkaline Water Company, Inc. produces beverages. The Company offers bottled alkaline water products to retail consumers.    Address  7730 East Greenway RoadSuite 206Scottsdale, AZ 85260United States   Phone  1-480-272-7290   Website   www.thealkalinewaterco.com     Executives Board Members    Steven P Nickolas  Chairman/President/CEO    Richard A Wright  President/COO    David Guarino  CFO/Treasurer/Secretary    Frank Chessman  Manager:National Sales     Show More          








The Alkaline Water Company, Inc. (WTER)
































 




Menu






The Alkaline Water Company, Inc.





WTER OTCQB 











Investor Relations
The Alkaline Water Company, Inc.





 







    	    	    	    Investor Relations
    	                    
    	




Overview


News / Events


Press Releases


IR Calendar


Email Alerts




Company Info


Profile


Presentations


Management Team


Contacts


FAQ




Financial Info


Balance Sheet


Income Statement


Cash Flow


Financial Results




Stock Data


Quote


Charts


Historical Data




SEC Filings


All SEC Filings


Annual Reports


Quarterly Reports


Section 16 Filings




 Governance


Board of Directors




Investor Tools 

Email Alerts
Tear Sheet
Contacts
RSS News Feed





 


















Latest News





Jul 18, 2017
Alkaline Water Co. Reports Record Fiscal 2017 Financial Results and Forecasts First Quarter Sales

Read Press Release



 





Latest Financial Results





FY 2017
Fiscal Year Ended Mar 31, 2017





 PDF
        

 HTML
            

Release



 PDF
 HTML

10-K Filing



 ZIP
 XLS
 HTML

XBRL
 

 








Stock Information







Symbol
OTCQB: WTER




Price





Change
  






Volume





52 week Low/High

 
 


Day Low/High

 
 









Company Overview


The Alkaline Water Company is a premier bottler of alkaline drinking water, with an 8.8-pH balance. The Company has developed an innovative state of the art proprietary electrolysis beverage process that enhances its product with trace minerals and electrolytes and produces water high in alkalinity. The company is focused on the business of distributing and marketing the retail sale of its cost-effective packaged Alkaline88 water beverage products. The Alkaline Water Company Inc. is currently in the midst of a national mass-market expansion program and is available for consumer sales at over 25,000 major retail locations across the United States. 





Download







Contact Information





Investor Relations                                                                                                                                                                T: 866-242-0240 investors@alkalinewatercorp.com 



Transfer Agent                    Island Stock Transfer                                                            15500 Roosevelt Boulevard                    Suite 301                    Clearwater, FL 33760                                        T: 727-289-0010                                        F: 727-289-0069 www.islandstocktransfer.com 



 




















 
3 Reasons Alkaline Water Co. Will Soon Crash - Alkaline Water Company Inc. (The) (OTCMKTS:WTER) | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»3 Reasons Alkaline Water Co. Will Soon CrashAug.26.13 | About: Alkaline Water (WTER) Microcap Fraud Alert (Editors' Note: This article covers a micro-cap stock. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks.)
In the past month the stock of a previously unknown issuer The Alkaline Water Company (OTCQB:WTER) has taken investors for a ride.
WTER.OB has risen from $0.35 to $0.60 amidst a flurry of hyperbolic press releases issued by the company (Exhibit A below), but I believe this hotly touted stock could be due for a crash in the not too distant future.
Reason 1. The product sucks
Essentially the product is water, water in an ugly bulk plastic container. The company claims to employ a "state-of-the-art Electrochemically Activated Water system to create 8.4 pH drinking water without the use of any chemicals".
But away from the glitz and glamour of the corporate marketing materials their 8-k filing concedes "Health benefits of alkaline water are not guaranteed and have not been proven. There is a perception that consuming alkaline water has beneficial health effects."
How or why anyone requires exactly 8.4 pH level water (neatly named Alkaline84) is beyond me, but I won't waste time debating the advantages or disadvantages of certain minerals or pH levels because Alkaline84 fails on other levels.
Alkaline84 fails in product strategy; the tout sheet claims selling water in one gallon (or 3-liter) jugs is an advantage because there is no competition. But did it occur to management that there is no competition in this sub-niche because there is no gap in the market for bulk buying plain water?
The effort it would take to carry to 3-liter jug home from a shopping trip simply far outweighs the supposed benefits. Items like Vitamin Water are impulse purchases when on the go, it's a 3-second decision, you walk past a convenience store and grab it on your way to the office or after the gym.
But Alkaline84 has another Achilles' heel, the product proposition is weak: it's water, it looks and tastes exactly like what comes out of my refrigerator for free. The demand for bulk purchases of PH modified water simply does not exist and as we'll see below WTER does not have the marketing budget to create the demand.

Reason 2. The company is vastly overvalued
Using the word valuation is perhaps a disservice to the art of security analysis, but I'll persevere. As of writing WTER has 79,387,175 common shares outstanding which at $0.60 gives us a $47.6 million dollar market capitalization of the common.
In my experience to support such a market cap a company would require roughly $3.8m in net income or $0.048 EPS. What does WTER bring to the table? ahem, here's where things get tricky. WTER has such small income statement numbers that dividing them by the massive 80 million share-count takes the per share numbers into fractions of pennies.
Example: WTER has negative net income so we will obligingly jump up the income statement and take their gross profit in the last quarter. It was a rather pitiful $14,465. yeah that's fourteen thousand dollars. umm, yeah. This isn't EBITDA folks; this is earnings before interest taxes depreciation amortization and pretty much every other expense save for the "electro charged water".
On a per share basis that's $0.000175 in gross profit last quarter. Total revenues? $32,522 (thirty two thousand dollars). I know Amway distributors who gross more than this.
Reason 3. The management are part timers
In an 8-k filed on June 5th the company discloses a bizarre risk factor: the management are part timers.
"Because our officers and directors will not be devoting a majority of their time to our operations and will only be devoting limited amounts of time to our development and operations, completion of our business development may be sporadic and occur at times which are convenient to our officer and director."
Bull Case?
Bulls say this company is entering an exciting niche (consumer beverages) that has in recent past been a source of superior stock market returns. The press releases shown in Exhibit A do hint Alkaline84 may be gaining traction which will show in the next quarter. Furthermore if Akaline84 can gain traction the market may reward WTER.OB with a nice multiple.

With that said, I believe the main driver of the recent performance in WTER.OB stock price is the rampant online touting and press releases rather than any fundamental interest in the underlying.
Conclusion
WTER shares have risen from $0.35 to $0.60 based on an explosion of corporate press releases and online tout sheets. Run-rate annual revenues based on the last quarter stand at just $130,000 (one hundred and thirty thousand dollars), which pales in comparison to the $47.6 million dollar valuation the market is currently giving WTER.
Even if WTER was worth 10x revenues or $1,300,000 it is still trading at 37x this overly generous valuation. My advice? Caveat emptor, buyers of WTER are playing musical chairs and you don't want to be around when the music stops.
Exhibit A
In just the past 30 days the company has announced:
Jul 18, The Alkaline Water Company Inc. Introduces Executive Leadership
Jul 23, Alkaline Water Co. Announces Launch of Flagship Product, Alkaline84, Into So. California Marketplace - Marketwired
Jul 25, Alkaline Water Co. Ramps Up Marketing Efforts With Two of S. California's Premier Specialty Food Brokers - Marketwired
Jul 30, Alkaline Water Co. Secures Distribution for Alkaline84 in Las Vegas - Marketwired
Aug 01, Alkaline Water Co. Builds Momentum With Arizona Specialty Food Broker and Launch of Regional Sales Force - Marketwired
Aug 06, Alkaline Water Co. Enjoys Valued Participation at National Retail Marketing Trade Show - Marketwired
Aug 08, Alkaline Water Co. Introduces Alkaline84 at Three Top Southern California Retail Chains - Marketwired
Aug 12, Alkaline Water Co. Announces Debut of Alkaline84 at Albertsons Supermarkets - Marketwired
Aug 16, Alkaline Water Co. Introduces Alkaline84 at Bashas' Supermarkets - Marketwired
Aug 21, Alkaline Water Co. to Increase Production Capacity to Meet Projected Demands - Marketwired
Disclosure: I have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.
About this article:ExpandAuthor payment: $35 + $0.01/page view. Authors of PRO articles receive a minimum guaranteed payment of $150-500.Tagged: Investing Ideas, Short Ideas, Consumer Goods, Beverages - Soft DrinksWant to share your opinion on this article? Add a comment.Disagree with this article? Submit your own.To report a factual error in this article, click hereFollow Microcap Fraud Alert and get email alerts





Short Ideas | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Short IdeasBlue Apron: Quiet Period Ends. Prepare To Sell The Bounce.APRN• Today, 8:14 AM • Bull & Bear Trading•10 CommentsIs It Time To Unfriend Facebook?FB• Today, 8:00 AM • NYC Trader•38 CommentsUnion Pacific: Driving Toward Our Worst-Case ValuationUNP• Today, 7:39 AM • Erik Kobayashi-Solomon•16 CommentsBuyer's Remorse Part II: The Pakistani Coup D'EtatPCMI• Today, 6:32 AM • Rota FortunaeThis Is Ground Control To Exchange Income, Your Equity Is CrashingEIFZF• Today, 5:19 AM • Bank On Insight•3 CommentsTesla: The 'Ludicrous' Demand Growth Of Model STSLA• Today, 2:39 AM • BEV Consulting•39 CommentsWhy You Should Sell Your Apple Shares Before The Next iPhone ReleaseAAPL• Yesterday, 7:42 PM • Michael A. Ball•113 CommentsTesla's Attempts To Raid California Coffers Unlikely To Be FruitfulTSLA• Yesterday, 7:36 PM • EnerTuition•125 CommentsApple iPhone 8 Expectations Trending Lower Ahead Of EarningsAAPL• Yesterday, 5:45 PM • Alex Cho•45 CommentsNew Theme Park Puts Six Flags At RiskEditors' Pick • SIX• Yesterday, 3:52 PM • ManBearChicken•1 CommentThe Dawn Of The Tesla SmugglerTSLA• Yesterday, 1:28 PM • Anton Wahlman•185 CommentsTesla Is Already Winning - Just Not In The Way A Lot Of Investors Want Or ExpectTSLA• Yesterday, 1:26 PM • FundamentalSpeculation.IO•51 CommentsLululemon Needs To Step Up Its YOGA Pants GameLULU• Yesterday, 6:41 AM • Goddess Diogenes•16 CommentsAvoid Sears Stock Like The PlagueSHLD• Sun, Jul. 23, 6:36 AM • Christopher Yuen•57 CommentsHow To Value BitcoinBITCF, BTSC, COIN• Sat, Jul. 22, 4:04 AM • Silky Oak Capital•96 CommentsThe Short Case For WelbiltEditors' Pick • WBT• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Rational Short Investor•4 CommentsThe Short Case For Singapore Press HoldingsEditors' Pick • SGPRY, SGPRF• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:00 PM • Warren Chan•2 CommentsHotel California: Why Tesla Can Check Out Any Time It Likes, But It Can Never LeaveTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:13 PM • Trapping Value•165 CommentsDump Cincinnati Bell On 2 Terrible AcquisitionsEditors' Pick • CBB, HCOM• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:39 AM • John Zhang•6 CommentsUnited Therapeutics Losing The Crown Jewels; 20% EPS Downgrades AheadUTHR• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:32 AM • World's Greatest•9 CommentsValue Trap: Adient Plc's Contradicting Growth OutlookADNT• Fri, Jul. 21, 8:19 AM • Centaur Investments•5 CommentsWhy Fifth Street Senior Floating Is OvervaluedFSFR• Thu, Jul. 20, 8:43 PM • Nicholas Marshi•41 CommentsThe Short Case For HubspotEditors' Pick • HUBS• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:00 PM • Short Biased•4 CommentsInstalled Building Products: Expectations Seem Too HighIBP• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:25 PM • Michael BoydRevenues Aren't The Only Thing Falling At IBMIBM• Thu, Jul. 20, 12:01 PM • Marshall Thomas•14 CommentsDryShips' All-Time High - $1.47 Billion A Share?DRYS• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:49 AM • Research & Investment•48 CommentsViewRay: Initiate Strong Sell On Questionable Backlog, Product Inferiority, And Bankruptcy ConcernsEditors' Pick • VRAY• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:45 AM • Mako Research•124 CommentsNow Is Not The Time To Buy TeslaTSLA• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:44 PM • Isaac Tang•68 CommentsCato Is An Easy Short, Even At 6x P/EEditors' Pick • CATO• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:32 PM • Vince Martin•7 CommentsApple's Long Bull Run May Be EndingAAPL• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:17 PM • Michael Blair•133 CommentsAkzo Nobel Gets New CEO But Little Will ChangeAKZOY, PPG• Wed, Jul. 19, 12:05 PM • Dr. Harold Goldmeier•2 CommentsDo New Tesla Board Additions Signal Big Changes Ahead?TSLA• Wed, Jul. 19, 11:38 AM • Donn Bailey•137 CommentsDryShips Shocks Market And Announces Reverse Stock SplitDRYS• Wed, Jul. 19, 9:39 AM • Morningsidepark•44 CommentsGet Short Hortonworks On Surprise Management ReshuffleHDP• Wed, Jul. 19, 7:34 AM • Henrik Alex•14 CommentsTesla Investors Swallow The Blue PillTSLA• Wed, Jul. 19, 6:31 AM • Montana Skeptic•599 CommentsDryShips: Reverse Split = Sell!DRYS• Tue, Jul. 18, 6:45 PM • Bill Maurer•159 CommentsLook Twice Before Buying MagnaChipMX• Tue, Jul. 18, 4:59 PM • Kai Heller-Spencer•11 CommentsHerbalife: A Viable ShortHLF• Tue, Jul. 18, 3:08 PM • Brian Sanders•152 CommentsNetflix: Is Subscriber Growth Enough To Justify Valuation?NFLX• Tue, Jul. 18, 1:53 PM • Focus Equity•65 CommentsYes, Vera Bradley Still Is A ShortEditors' Pick • VRA• Tue, Jul. 18, 7:44 AM • Vince Martin•10 CommentsRestoration Hardware Discloses The #1 Controversial Share Buyback Of The YearEditors' Pick • RH• Tue, Jul. 18, 7:30 AM • Ioannis Tsoutsias, CFA•19 CommentsTesla Can Still Go LowerTSLA• Mon, Jul. 17, 6:25 PM • Kwan-Chen Ma•230 CommentsGet Out Of Blue Apron, But Not Because Of AmazonAPRN• Mon, Jul. 17, 5:50 PM • Evan Buck•9 CommentsInvitation Homes Could Dip With Upcoming Lock-Up ExpirationINVH• Mon, Jul. 17, 3:55 PM • Don Dion•1 CommentTesla: More Musk Double TalkTSLA• Mon, Jul. 17, 3:03 PM • Bill Maurer•140 CommentsNational Beverage: Greater Fool Theory?FIZZ• Mon, Jul. 17, 2:31 PM • Courage & Conviction Investing•96 Comments3D Systems - Still A ShortDDD• Mon, Jul. 17, 11:06 AM • CVC Research•12 CommentsApple AR Products To Impact Snap's Market ShareSNAP• Mon, Jul. 17, 9:00 AM • Bull & Bear Trading•47 CommentsNetflix: This Earnings Report, A Metric To Look For Beyond Subscription NumbersNFLX• Mon, Jul. 17, 4:26 AM • FundamentalSpeculation.IO•28 CommentsLindsay Corporation: Shorts CapitulateEditors' Pick • LNN• Fri, Jul. 14, 11:53 AM • Michael Boyd•4 CommentsBusiness Under Pressure And Aggressive Accounting Suggests Gentex Has 40-80% Downside RiskEditors' Pick • GNTX• Fri, Jul. 14, 11:46 AM • Ben Axler•17 CommentsOcular's Poke In The Other EyeOCUL• Fri, Jul. 14, 11:26 AM • TripleGate•113 CommentsSupercharger Economics: Tesla Is In Dire Need Of A Major Course CorrectionTSLA• Fri, Jul. 14, 7:45 AM • EnerTuition•415 CommentsBetween A BlackRock And A Hard PlaceBLK• Fri, Jul. 14, 3:31 AM • Nathan Hayes•9 CommentsCyberArk Finally Falls Short Of ExpectationsCYBR• Fri, Jul. 14, 2:53 AM • Henrik Alex•10 CommentsSnap's Ghostface Chillah Meets Pets.Com's Sock PuppetSNAP• Thu, Jul. 13, 10:59 PM • Bull & Bear Trading•85 CommentsWhy My Subscribers Shorted Advance Auto Parts At $131AAP• Thu, Jul. 13, 1:46 PM • Courage & Conviction Investing•28 CommentsTesla: Why Model 3 And Why Now?TSLA• Thu, Jul. 13, 12:49 PM • Donn Bailey•637 CommentsTesla: Where Are The Superchargers?TSLA• Thu, Jul. 13, 12:23 PM • Bill Maurer•266 CommentsRed River Report - The Downfall Of A Great Australian MinerEditors' Pick • EGRAF, EGRAY• Thu, Jul. 13, 10:54 AM • Timor Pony•3 CommentsSnap In RetrospectSNAP• Wed, Jul. 12, 4:29 PM • Focus Equity•38 CommentsIntel's Ho-Hum Strategy And Why It's Not Generating Any ReturnsINTC• Wed, Jul. 12, 1:35 PM • Alex Cho•45 CommentsDelcath Systems Share Price Has Risen Over 1000% In The Past Month On No News And Is Engaged In Death Spiral FinancingDCTH• Wed, Jul. 12, 11:04 AM • White Diamond Research•77 CommentsOcular Therapeutix Receives CRL: Creates Bonus Short OpportunityOCUL• Wed, Jul. 12, 10:53 AM • Long Term Bio•55 CommentsCleanspark, Inc.: Seriously Overvalued, With Troubling Technology And Valuation QuestionsCLSK• Wed, Jul. 12, 8:52 AM • Robert W Walter, Esq.So Many Promises And Now We Are Seeing The Final ResultsMNKD• Tue, Jul. 11, 9:02 PM • Looking For Diogenes•71 CommentsSnap: 3 Reasons To Stay AwaySNAP• Tue, Jul. 11, 7:38 PM • D.M. Martins Research•27 CommentsCould Snap See Single Digits?SNAP• Tue, Jul. 11, 7:16 PM • Bill Maurer•52 CommentsNew York Times: A Short OpportunityNYT• Tue, Jul. 11, 11:55 AM • Celeritas Investments•7 CommentsTesla: Incentives Matter, And So Does TrustTSLA• Tue, Jul. 11, 11:48 AM • Montana Skeptic•468 CommentsTesla Q2 Update Bodes Ill For The Company - Reorganizations And Layoffs AheadTSLA• Mon, Jul. 10, 5:29 PM • EnerTuition•283 CommentsDryShips: Sell On Temporary Lawsuit DenialDRYS• Mon, Jul. 10, 5:04 PM • Bill Maurer•62 CommentsTesla's New Vehicle Inventory SkyrocketsTSLA• Mon, Jul. 10, 2:59 PM • Donn Bailey•345 Comments'Stranger Things' In Netflix's Accounting MethodsNFLX• Mon, Jul. 10, 1:28 PM • Pablo Borras•38 CommentsInotek Looks To Sell Itself After Eye Drug Failure; No Value LeftITEK• Mon, Jul. 10, 1:27 PM • Long Term Bio•21 Comments123456...245Next Page





Consumer Goods and Retail Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Consumer Goods and Retail StocksVF Corporation Still Belongs In My PortfolioVFC• Today, 12:03 PM • Walter Zelezniak JrGraphic Packaging Holding Company 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesGPK• Today, 11:57 AM • SA TranscriptsPVH - Thriving In A Difficult EnvironmentPVH• Today, 11:40 AM • Kenra InvestorsLamb Weston: What More Can You Ask For?LW• Today, 11:37 AM • Quad 7 Capital•1 CommentGM Cruises Through The Second QuarterGM• Today, 11:27 AM • Samuel Smith•2 CommentsGM: They Can't All Be WinnersGM• Today, 10:50 AM • Quad 7 Capital•1 CommentJAKKS Pacific, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesJAKK• Today, 10:47 AM • SA Transcripts•1 CommentFerrari Sells Veblen Goods, Not CarsRACE• Today, 9:58 AM • Ensemble CapitalCal-Maine Foods - Challenging Conditions PrevailCALM• Today, 9:48 AM • The Value Investor•6 CommentsGM: A 'Not Bad' QuarterGM• Today, 9:39 AM • Celeritas Investments•8 CommentsProcter & Gamble: Get Ready For An Earnings SurprisePG• Today, 9:30 AM • Stefan Redlich•4 CommentsNestlé And Associated British Foods Are Tasty Investment MorselsNSRGY, ASBFY• Today, 9:22 AM • Dr. Harold Goldmeier•3 CommentsWessanen N.V. Koninklijke 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesKJWNF• Today, 8:30 AM • SA TranscriptsWill Tesla's Balance Sheet End Its Dreams?TSLA• Today, 8:16 AM • ValueAnalyst•121 CommentsSensata Technologies Holding N.V. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesST• Today, 8:06 AM • SA TranscriptsProcter & Gamble: Pretty GoodPG• Today, 6:45 AM • Marc GersteinI Sit On This Dividend Champion And Enjoy My DividendsPM• Today, 6:42 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•8 CommentsCoty, Inc.: Getting Serious About China Through E-CommerceCOTY• Today, 6:00 AM • Willow Street Investments•4 CommentsTesla: The 'Ludicrous' Demand Growth Of Model STSLA• Today, 2:39 AM • BEV Consulting•39 CommentsPhilip Morris: The Good Bad QuarterPM• Yesterday, 10:02 PM • Bill Maurer•7 CommentsTesla's Attempts To Raid California Coffers Unlikely To Be FruitfulTSLA• Yesterday, 7:36 PM • EnerTuition•125 CommentsTesla, Batteries And Mobility: A Challenge For AutomakersTSLA• Yesterday, 6:40 PM • Carmi Turchick•130 CommentsBracing For General Motors' EarningsGM• Yesterday, 4:12 PM • Josh Arnold•6 CommentsThis Is When CALM Will SoarCALM• Yesterday, 3:42 PM • Christiaan Casper•11 CommentsFiat Chrysler Leveraging Its Brands Under MarchionneFCAU• Yesterday, 3:14 PM • Nick Cox•1 CommentHasbro Deserves Your AttentionHAS• Yesterday, 2:12 PM • L&F Capital Management•3 CommentsFive Below Is A Strong Buy In The Long RunFIVE• Yesterday, 2:09 PM • Kush Patel•2 CommentsThe Dawn Of The Tesla SmugglerTSLA• Yesterday, 1:28 PM • Anton Wahlman•185 CommentsTesla Is Already Winning - Just Not In The Way A Lot Of Investors Want Or ExpectTSLA• Yesterday, 1:26 PM • FundamentalSpeculation.IO•51 CommentsTesla Maintains Strong Market Share Despite Onslaught Of CompetitionTSLA• Yesterday, 12:53 PM • Siddharth Dalal•197 CommentsTesla Now On The ClockTSLA• Yesterday, 12:48 PM • Bill Maurer•69 CommentsDaily Insider Ratings Round Up 7/21/17: S&W Seed, Lands' End, Old Line BancsharesSANW• Yesterday, 11:46 AM • InsiderInsightsCal Maine: Dire SituationCALM• Yesterday, 11:13 AM • Quad 7 Capital•13 CommentsFilthy Reaction To HasbroHAS• Yesterday, 10:41 AM • Quad 7 Capital•6 CommentsGermany's Alleged Auto Cartel Is In A Deadly SpiralAUDVF, BMWYY, DDAIF• Yesterday, 10:11 AM • Growth And Value•16 CommentsHasbro, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHAS• Yesterday, 8:49 AM • SA TranscriptsGeneral Motors Q2 Earnings: Two Metrics You Should Care AboutGM• Yesterday, 8:45 AM • General Expert•18 CommentsLululemon Needs To Step Up Its YOGA Pants GameLULU• Yesterday, 6:41 AM • Goddess Diogenes•16 CommentsHarley-Davidson - Lack Of Catalysts Keeps Me On The SidelinesHOG• Yesterday, 5:44 AM • Kenra Investors•2 CommentsHarley-Davidson: Riding Off Into The SunsetHOG• Yesterday, 5:15 AM • Da Shi Research•4 CommentsHershey: Overpriced And OverleveragedHSY• Yesterday, 5:11 AM • Samuel Smith•12 CommentsGeneral Motors - Earnings Preview For 2nd Quarter 2017GM• Sun, Jul. 23, 1:42 PM • Brent A. Miller•10 CommentsLa-Z-Boy Forges Onward After Falling Short On Growth PlanLZB• Sun, Jul. 23, 5:25 AM • Underanalyzed EquitiesI Am Loving My Dividends From Philip MorrisPM• Sun, Jul. 23, 3:51 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•35 CommentsUnder Armour: Under Duress?UA, UAA• Sun, Jul. 23, 3:24 AM • D.M. Martins Research•15 CommentsTime To Be More Tolerant For This Growth Dairy Stock?SAPIF• Sat, Jul. 22, 5:26 AM • Brad MacIntoshEstimating ANFI's FY 2018 Margins And EarningsANFI• Sat, Jul. 22, 12:49 AM • Sven Carlin•16 CommentsNorthsight Capital Makes Cannabis Stocks Look BadNCAP• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:59 PM • Debra Borchardt•3 CommentsCoca-Cola: Where Does It End?KO• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:04 PM • Josh Arnold•17 CommentsPhilip Morris Q2 Earnings Summary: What You Need To KnowPM• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:52 PM • ValueAnalyst•22 CommentsTesla's South Australia Battery Deal Shows Why The Company Is Not An Energy CompanyTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:30 PM • EnerTuition•301 CommentsSkechers Looks Good Into 2018SKX• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:19 PM • L&F Capital Management•7 CommentsDaily Insider Ratings Round Up 7/20/17: NAV, OLBK, SKIS, SHLO, TWNNAV• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:38 PM • InsiderInsightsAutomakers Invest In Nauto's $159 Million Financing RoundGM• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:37 PM • Donovan Jones•1 CommentAutonomous Driving Leaps Forward, Leaving Tesla BehindTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:14 PM • Donn Bailey•314 CommentsHotel California: Why Tesla Can Check Out Any Time It Likes, But It Can Never LeaveTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:13 PM • Trapping Value•165 CommentsVanguard Prepares To Destroy The S&P 500 AgainVDC• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:02 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•23 CommentsBurberry: Still Undervalued As It Builds Up To A Potentially Improved 2018?Editors' Pick • BURBY• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:00 AM • Dividend Drive•1 CommentAltria: Dividend Is Safe...For NowMO• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:11 AM • Josh Arnold•35 CommentsThe Dividend Stock Bubble Has Claimed Another VictimPM• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:04 AM • Josh Arnold•30 CommentsValue Trap: Adient Plc's Contradicting Growth OutlookADNT• Fri, Jul. 21, 8:19 AM • Centaur Investments•5 CommentsUnilever Up 43% YTD With More To ComeUL, UN• Fri, Jul. 21, 7:25 AM • Iron Value•10 CommentsFaurecia SA ACT 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFURCF• Fri, Jul. 21, 6:31 AM • SA TranscriptsAs Sales Plunge, GM Might Cancel 6 Car ModelsGM• Fri, Jul. 21, 6:10 AM • Wolf Richter•72 CommentsSkechers Shows Retail Footwear LivesSKX• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:33 AM • Quad 7 Capital•14 CommentsA Contrarian Vote In Favor Of McCormick's AcquisitionMKC• Thu, Jul. 20, 8:21 PM • Vince Martin•19 CommentsTesla Solar Roof, The Odds Of Surviving Home Solar MarketTSLA• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:57 PM • X. Dong Wang•111 CommentsWhere Are The Solar Roofs?TSLA• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:08 PM • Galileo Russell•189 CommentsA. Schulman: How Did I Not See This Train Wreck Coming?SHLM• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:31 PM • Quad 7 CapitalCampbell Soup (CPB) Investor Presentation - SlideshowCPB• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:35 PM • SA TranscriptsCampbell Soup (CPB) Investor Presentation - SlideshowCPB• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:35 PM • SA TranscriptsBunge (BG) Updates On Competitiveness Program - SlideshowBG• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:22 PM • SA TranscriptsEthan Allen Interiors (ETH) Investor Presentation - SlideshowETH• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:00 PM • SA TranscriptsBMW Leads Investment In Used-Car Marketplace ShiftBMWYY• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:50 PM • Donovan JonesTilly's: The Best Of A Bad SectorTLYS• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:32 PM • Vince Martin123456...435Next Page







WTER Stock Price - Alkaline Water Co. Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: OTC) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,638.29


125.12


0.58%











S&P 500

2,480.44


10.53


0.43%











Nasdaq

6,414.94


4.13


0.06%











GlobalDow

2,845.75


14.80


0.52%











Gold

1,257.50


-3.20


-0.25%











Oil

47.66


1.32


2.85%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



FCX 
14.3




RRC 
6.9




NEM 
6.8




RIG 
5.5






STX
-14.4




IPG
-10.9




WAT
-5.7




MMM
-5.3














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








12:00p

Debt-ceiling fears bubble up in Treasury bills



11:58a

Opinion
Here’s one Trump fan who might make you some money



11:57a

Updated
Why Brits don’t want American chickens to wind up in their supermarkets



11:55a

Updated
FTSE 100 ends higher as commodity stocks climb, factory production roars  



11:53a

Updated
This quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor



11:52a

Popular financial ETF poised for best daily gain since late June



11:42a

Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg spar on AI



11:31a

Updated
Why VIX is flirting with its lowest level in history, and how Wall Street is reacting



11:25a

Debt-ceiling fears bubble up in Treasury bills



11:25a

Updated
Jack Bogle is right: Don't be a passive investor, be a frugal investor












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


WTER


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



WTER
U.S.: OTC


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Alkaline Water Co. Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateWTERAlert



  


Open

Last Updated: Jul 25, 2017 11:15 a.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
1.28



0.03
2.40%






Previous Close




$1.2500





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




27.89% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    4.8K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 17.2K
            





Open: 1.23
Last: 1.28



1.2300
Day Low/High
1.2800





Day Range



0.8500
52 Week Low/High
2.0400


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$1.23



Day Range
1.2300 - 1.2800



52 Week Range
0.8500 - 2.0400



Market Cap
$19.97M



Shares Outstanding
15.97M



Public Float
14.46M



Beta
n/a



Rev. per Employee
$1.06M



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$-0.22



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
n/a
n/a


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
17.2K




 


Performance




5 Day


-1.52%







1 Month


-17.42%







3 Month


-5.19%







YTD


28.00%







1 Year


-25.58%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-K: ALKALINE WATER CO INC
10-K: ALKALINE WATER CO INC

Jul. 14, 2017 at 4:06 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: ALKALINE WATER CO INC


Feb. 14, 2017 at 3:17 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: ALKALINE WATER CO INC


Nov. 21, 2016 at 12:26 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: ALKALINE WATER CO INC


Aug. 15, 2016 at 4:18 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





The Alkaline Water Company: Falling Into A Dilutive Death Spiral


Dec. 21, 2015 at 6:01 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Alkaline Water Company: Q2 FY2016 Earnings Coverage


Nov. 25, 2015 at 9:09 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Alkaline Water Company Update And Q4 FY2015 Revenue


Jun. 27, 2015 at 11:45 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





2 Updates On Stocks Which Have Been Moving


Jun. 4, 2015 at 3:21 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Alkaline Water Company: An Ugly Stock With Possible Large Upside Potential


May. 23, 2015 at 8:55 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Drinking From The Fountain Of Growth In The Beverage Space


Dec. 17, 2014 at 12:43 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





What's Spouting: The Consumer Bottled Water Sector


Jul. 28, 2014 at 8:24 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









The Alkaline Water Co.'s Increased Production Capacity Accelerates Coast-to-Coast Expansion
The Alkaline Water Co.'s Increased Production Capacity Accelerates Coast-to-Coast Expansion

May. 11, 2017 at 8:05 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Alkaline Water Co. to Present at the 9th Annual LD Micro Main Event


Nov. 22, 2016 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Alkaline88 Now Available at All Whole Foods Locations in Florida


Sep. 27, 2016 at 9:34 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





SECFilings.com: Alkaline Water (WTER) Capitalizes on the Popularity of the Alkaline Diet


Jul. 27, 2016 at 10:32 a.m. ET
on Marketwired











Alkaline Water Co. Inc.


            
            The Alkaline Water Co., Inc. engages in the business of distributing, marketing and selling of bottled alkaline water. The company was founded on June 6, 2011 and is headquartered in Scottsdale, AZ.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  



 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Leading Brands Inc.
3.45%
$4.06M


Primo Water Corp.
0.00%
$389.41M


Crystal Rock Holdings Inc.
-0.38%
$17.04M




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AKS

11.36%








GOOG

-2.98%








SNAP

-1.28%








FCX

14.31%








GOOGL

-3.03%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




12:04 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:00pDebt-ceiling fears bubble up in Treasury bills
11:58aHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
11:58aWhy Brits don’t want American chickens to wind up in their supermarkets
11:55aFTSE 100 ends higher as commodity stocks climb, factory production roars  
11:53aThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
11:53aPopular financial ETF poised for best daily gain since late June
11:42aElon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg spar on AI
11:31aWhy VIX is flirting with its lowest level in history, and how Wall Street is reacting
11:26aDebt-ceiling fears bubble up in Treasury bills
11:25aJack Bogle is right: Don't be a passive investor, be a frugal investor
11:24aS&P 500 jumps to record on bullish earnings, but Alphabet weighs on Nasdaq
11:22aWTI oil prices trade near the session's highs on Nymex
11:22aSept. WTI oil climbs by $1.31, or 2.8%, to $47.65/bbl
11:22aThe shockingly subdued VIX doesn’t mean what you think it means
11:21aTrump hammered on Twitter over the tenor of his address to Boy Scouts
11:18aWhat to do if you work with chronic latecomers like New York City’s mayor
11:15aScripps Networks shares are up more than 3%
11:15aConsumer confidence back near 16-year high 
11:14aEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
11:14a5 ways to protect yourself from outrageous hospital bills
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,637.59

+124.42
+0.58%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,414.88

+4.07
+0.06%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,480.40

+10.49
+0.42%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




12:04 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:00pDebt-ceiling fears bubble up in Treasury bills
11:58aHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
11:58aWhy Brits don’t want American chickens to wind up in their supermarkets
11:55aFTSE 100 ends higher as commodity stocks climb, factory production roars  
11:53aThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
11:53aPopular financial ETF poised for best daily gain since late June
11:42aElon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg spar on AI
11:31aWhy VIX is flirting with its lowest level in history, and how Wall Street is reacting
11:26aDebt-ceiling fears bubble up in Treasury bills
11:25aJack Bogle is right: Don't be a passive investor, be a frugal investor
11:24aS&P 500 jumps to record on bullish earnings, but Alphabet weighs on Nasdaq
11:22aWTI oil prices trade near the session's highs on Nymex
11:22aSept. WTI oil climbs by $1.31, or 2.8%, to $47.65/bbl
11:22aThe shockingly subdued VIX doesn’t mean what you think it means
11:21aTrump hammered on Twitter over the tenor of his address to Boy Scouts
11:18aWhat to do if you work with chronic latecomers like New York City’s mayor
11:15aScripps Networks shares are up more than 3%
11:15aConsumer confidence back near 16-year high 
11:14aEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
11:14a5 ways to protect yourself from outrageous hospital bills
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,637.59

+124.42
+0.58%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,414.88

+4.07
+0.06%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,480.40

+10.49
+0.42%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Close in:



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




12:04 PM EDT
July 25, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Open


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
12:00pDebt-ceiling fears bubble up in Treasury bills
11:58aHere’s one Trump fan who might make you some money
11:58aWhy Brits don’t want American chickens to wind up in their supermarkets
11:55aFTSE 100 ends higher as commodity stocks climb, factory production roars  
11:53aThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
11:53aPopular financial ETF poised for best daily gain since late June
11:42aElon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg spar on AI
11:31aWhy VIX is flirting with its lowest level in history, and how Wall Street is reacting
11:26aDebt-ceiling fears bubble up in Treasury bills
11:25aJack Bogle is right: Don't be a passive investor, be a frugal investor
11:24aS&P 500 jumps to record on bullish earnings, but Alphabet weighs on Nasdaq
11:22aWTI oil prices trade near the session's highs on Nymex
11:22aSept. WTI oil climbs by $1.31, or 2.8%, to $47.65/bbl
11:22aThe shockingly subdued VIX doesn’t mean what you think it means
11:21aTrump hammered on Twitter over the tenor of his address to Boy Scouts
11:18aWhat to do if you work with chronic latecomers like New York City’s mayor
11:15aScripps Networks shares are up more than 3%
11:15aConsumer confidence back near 16-year high 
11:14aEmerging markets fund manager favors Bangladesh and Kenya, and avoids Korea and Taiwan
11:14a5 ways to protect yourself from outrageous hospital bills
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,637.60

+124.43
+0.58%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,414.87

+4.06
+0.06%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,480.39

+10.48
+0.42%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































WTER Stock Price - Alkaline Water Co. Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: OTC) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,637.59


124.42


0.58%











S&P 500

2,480.37


10.46


0.42%











Nasdaq

6,414.88


4.07


0.06%











GlobalDow

2,845.69


14.74


0.52%











Gold

1,257.20


-3.50


-0.28%











Oil

47.65


1.31


2.83%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



FCX 
14.3




RRC 
6.9




NEM 
6.8




RIG 
5.5






STX
-14.4




IPG
-10.8




WAT
-5.7




MMM
-5.3














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








12:00p

Debt-ceiling fears bubble up in Treasury bills



11:58a

Opinion
Here’s one Trump fan who might make you some money



11:57a

Updated
Why Brits don’t want American chickens to wind up in their supermarkets



11:55a

Updated
FTSE 100 ends higher as commodity stocks climb, factory production roars  



11:53a

Updated
This quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor



11:52a

Popular financial ETF poised for best daily gain since late June



11:42a

Elon Musk, Mark Zuckerberg spar on AI



11:31a

Updated
Why VIX is flirting with its lowest level in history, and how Wall Street is reacting



11:25a

Debt-ceiling fears bubble up in Treasury bills



11:25a

Updated
Jack Bogle is right: Don't be a passive investor, be a frugal investor












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


WTER


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors

 



WTER
U.S.: OTC


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Alkaline Water Co. Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateWTERAlert



  


Open

Last Updated: Jul 25, 2017 11:15 a.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
1.28



0.03
2.40%






Previous Close




$1.2500





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




27.89% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    4.8K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 17.2K
            





Open: 1.23
Last: 1.28



1.2300
Day Low/High
1.2800





Day Range



0.8500
52 Week Low/High
2.0400


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$1.23



Day Range
1.2300 - 1.2800



52 Week Range
0.8500 - 2.0400



Market Cap
$19.97M



Shares Outstanding
15.97M



Public Float
14.46M



Beta
n/a



Rev. per Employee
$1.06M



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
$-0.22



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
n/a
n/a


% of Float Shorted
n/a



Average Volume
17.2K




 


Performance




5 Day


-1.52%







1 Month


-17.42%







3 Month


-5.19%







YTD


28.00%







1 Year


-25.58%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones




No Headlines Available




No Headlines Available











Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






10-K: ALKALINE WATER CO INC
10-K: ALKALINE WATER CO INC

Jul. 14, 2017 at 4:06 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: ALKALINE WATER CO INC


Feb. 14, 2017 at 3:17 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: ALKALINE WATER CO INC


Nov. 21, 2016 at 12:26 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





10-Q: ALKALINE WATER CO INC


Aug. 15, 2016 at 4:18 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





The Alkaline Water Company: Falling Into A Dilutive Death Spiral


Dec. 21, 2015 at 6:01 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Alkaline Water Company: Q2 FY2016 Earnings Coverage


Nov. 25, 2015 at 9:09 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Alkaline Water Company Update And Q4 FY2015 Revenue


Jun. 27, 2015 at 11:45 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





2 Updates On Stocks Which Have Been Moving


Jun. 4, 2015 at 3:21 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





The Alkaline Water Company: An Ugly Stock With Possible Large Upside Potential


May. 23, 2015 at 8:55 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Drinking From The Fountain Of Growth In The Beverage Space


Dec. 17, 2014 at 12:43 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





What's Spouting: The Consumer Bottled Water Sector


Jul. 28, 2014 at 8:24 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha









The Alkaline Water Co.'s Increased Production Capacity Accelerates Coast-to-Coast Expansion
The Alkaline Water Co.'s Increased Production Capacity Accelerates Coast-to-Coast Expansion

May. 11, 2017 at 8:05 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





Alkaline Water Co. to Present at the 9th Annual LD Micro Main Event


Nov. 22, 2016 at 8:31 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE





Alkaline88 Now Available at All Whole Foods Locations in Florida


Sep. 27, 2016 at 9:34 a.m. ET
on Marketwired





SECFilings.com: Alkaline Water (WTER) Capitalizes on the Popularity of the Alkaline Diet


Jul. 27, 2016 at 10:32 a.m. ET
on Marketwired











Alkaline Water Co. Inc.


            
            The Alkaline Water Co., Inc. engages in the business of distributing, marketing and selling of bottled alkaline water. The company was founded on June 6, 2011 and is headquartered in Scottsdale, AZ.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  



 


Competitors




Name
Chg %
Market Cap




Leading Brands Inc.
3.45%
$4.06M


Primo Water Corp.
0.00%
$389.41M


Crystal Rock Holdings Inc.
-0.38%
$17.04M




Competitor Data Provided By


   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





AKS

11.36%








GOOG

-2.99%








SNAP

-1.24%








FCX

14.33%








GOOGL

-3.04%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.










 








Profile :: The Alkaline Water Company, Inc. (WTER)
































 




Menu






The Alkaline Water Company, Inc.





WTER OTCQB 











Profile
Investor Relations





 







    	    	    	    Company Information    	                    
    	




Overview


News / Events


Press Releases


IR Calendar


Email Alerts




Company Info


Profile


Presentations


Management Team


Contacts


FAQ




Financial Info


Balance Sheet


Income Statement


Cash Flow


Financial Results




Stock Data


Quote


Charts


Historical Data




SEC Filings


All SEC Filings


Annual Reports


Quarterly Reports


Section 16 Filings




 Governance


Board of Directors




Investor Tools 

Email Alerts
Tear Sheet
Contacts
RSS News Feed





 






Company Information

Profile


Presentations


Management Team


Contacts


FAQ


 


Business Description
The Alkaline Water Company is a premier bottler of alkaline drinking water, with an 8.8-pH balance. The Company has developed an innovative state of the art proprietary electrolysis beverage process that enhances its product with trace minerals and electrolytes and produces water high in alkalinity. The company is focused on the business of distributing and marketing the retail sale of its cost-effective packaged Alkaline88 water beverage products. The Alkaline Water Company Inc. is currently in the midst of a national mass-market expansion program and is available for consumer sales at over 25,000 major retail locations across the United States.
Company Info
Address:
        7730 E. Greenway Road
        Suite 203                Scottsdale, AZ        85260            
Telephone:866-242-0240
Email:investors@alkalinewatercorp.com
Industry Classifications
Sector:Consumer Defensive
Industry:Beverages - Non-Alcoholic
NAICS:Bottled Water Manufacturing (312112)
SIC:Bottled and Canned Soft Drinks and Corbonated Waters (2086)





















 
Alkaline Water Co. Products Now Available in All 99 Safeway Stores Across OregonHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreTry Yahoo Finance on Firefox »YahooSearchSearchSign inU.S. Markets close in 3 hrs 56 minsS&P 5002,480.41+10.50 (+0.43%)Dow 3021,638.44+125.27 (+0.58%)Nasdaq6,414.94+4.14 (+0.06%)Stocks to WatchMichael Kors buys Jimmy Choo, Barnes & Noble surges, Under Armour gets downgradedAlkaline Water Co. Products Now Available in All 99 Safeway Stores Across OregonMarketwiredMay 5, 2016ReblogShareTweetShareSCOTTSDALE, AZ--(Marketwired - May 5, 2016) - The Alkaline Water Company Inc. (  OTCQB :  WTER ) (the "Company"), developers of an innovative state of the art proprietary electrolysis beverage process packaged and sold in 500ml, 700ml, 1-liter, 3-liter and 1-gallon sizes under the trade name Alkaline88, is pleased to announce continued penetration into the Pacific Northwest marketplace with news of product placement acceptance at all Safeway stores across Oregon.Steven P. Nickolas, CEO and President of the company advises, "As soon as we turned our focus onto the Pacific Northwest the interest has been stupendous. There's a large and growing health conscious community in this region and the team at Safeway know their audience. We are delighted they are placing our product into all 99 stores in the region. We look forward to building on this opportunity as we continue to increase our presence across the entire territory."Founded in 1915, Safeway has long been an innovator in the industry. In the 1930s Safeway introduced produce pricing by the pound, adding "sell by" dates on perishables to assure freshness, nutritional labeling, even some of the first parking lots. In January 2015, AB Acquisition LLC, and Safeway completed a merger that created one of the largest food and drug retailers in the country, with over 2,200 stores in 33 states and the District of Columbia, and employing approximately 265,000 people.About The Alkaline Water Company Inc. (  OTCQB :  WTER ):  The Alkaline Water Company Inc. has developed an innovative, state of the art, proprietary electrolysis process that produces healthy alkaline water for a balanced lifestyle. The company is focused on the business of distributing and marketing the retail sale of its cost-effective packaged Alkaline88 water beverage products. The Alkaline Water Company Inc. is currently in the midst of a national mass-market expansion program and is available for consumer sales at major retail locations across the United States. Learn more about The Alkaline Water Company Inc. by visiting: www.thealkalinewaterco.com.About Alkaline88:  Alkaline88 is a premier bottled alkaline drinking water with an 8.8-pH balance. Enhanced with trace minerals and electrolytes, the product offers consumers the unique opportunity to purchase alkaline water in conveniently packaged 500ml, 700ml, and 1-liter, 3-liter and 1-gallon sizes. Learn more about the science of Alkaline88 at www.alkaline88.com.Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements:  This press release contains "forward-looking statements." Statements in this press release that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements and include any statements regarding beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions regarding the future. Such forward-looking statements include, among other things, The Alkaline Water Company Inc.'s expectations for continued growth and expansion of the Alkaline88 brand over the next fiscal year. Actual results could differ from those projected in any forward-looking statements due to numerous factors. Such factors include, among others, the inherent uncertainties associated with developing new products and operating as a development stage company, our ability to raise the additional funding will need to continue to pursue our business and product development plans, competition in the industry in which we operate and market conditions. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this press release, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States of America. Although we believe that any beliefs, plans, expectations and intentions will prove to be accurate, investors should consult all of the information set forth herein and should also refer to the risk factors disclosure outlined in the reports and other documents we file with the SEC, available at www.sec.gov.ReblogShareTweetShareRecently ViewedYour list is empty.What to Read NextHere's Trump's approval rating in every stateBusiness InsiderTrunk Club. Making Sense of Style.Trunk ClubSponsoredParents railed against the Boy Scouts of America after Trump's campaign-style speechBusiness InsiderMichael Kors buys Jimmy Choo, Barnes & Noble surges on sale talk, Under Armour gets downgradedYahoo FinanceGeneral Motors' profit falls from a year ago but beats the StreetYahoo Finance VideoEngineer Finds Pattern; Makes Millions in StocksMoney MorningSponsoredFinancial and energy stocks rally as crude oil soarsYahoo FinanceA legal fight over New York City dog-sitters highlights a bigger problem in AmericaYahoo FinanceFirst ‘Avengers: Infinity War’ Trailer LeakedInvestorPlaceA Penny-Crypto Miracle Making Some Americans RichAgora FinancialSponsoredThe Navy's newest, most sophisticated aircraft carrier doesn't have urinalsBusiness InsiderWhy Japan's Softbank may want to take a big stake in UberYahoo Finance VideoMotorola's Moto Z2 Force is a smartphone guaranteed not to shatterYahoo FinanceStart Traveling With This Stellar Rewards CardWise BreadSponsoredA conspiracy theory about Chipotle is gaining steamBusiness InsiderThe $180 million conflict that kept Scaramucci out of the White House in January has only gotten shadierBusiness InsiderTrump’s Not ‘Trustworthy, Loyal, Kind’: Scouts Angered by President’s AddressStevenB: Great role model for kids, a con artist that is exploiting the presidency for his own greedy financial gain while committing treason with our adversary.Join the Conversation1 / 5318











Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











ALKAZONE® Drinking Water Dealers - ALKAZONE® Water - Hackensack - NJ

































Detox For Life



(201) 494-4030
Call Now for Details!

Wholesale Alkaline Water Distributor in California, Northern New Jersey and the Boroughs of New York
























The Pioneer of Alkaline Antioxidant Water! Call (201) 494-4030


For Better Health, Drink High pH Antioxidant Water!
70% of our body is composed of water. This is why we believe in a source of clean, balanced, and mineral-rich water to maintain optimum health. Since 1994, ALKAZONE® Water has remained the leading wholesale manufacturer and distributor of bulk vitamin and antioxidant water, delivering our products nationwide. We are proud to distribute this special alkaline bottled water because we believe it is important to supply a healthier quality of water to local grocery stores, vitamin supply stores, and natural food markets.
 
ALKAZONE® Water Provides:

Bottled Water
Mineral Water Drops
Vitamin Water Drops
pH Water Drops
Antioxidant Water
Electrolyte Water
Mineral Water
Bulk Mineral-infused Water
Low Acid Water for Pets & Livestock

ALKAZONE® Water is also recommended for businesses involved in caring and sheltering livestock, due to the low level of acidity in our water. Any pet owner or caregiver for outdoor livestock knows the damage acidic urine does to the lawn. Serving your animals our alkaline water will actually bring you to greener pastures without leaving the backyard!

Why Choose ALKAZONE® Water?
Whether we consume healthy or unhealthy foods, all consumed matter is doomed to generate waste products. Our bodies work very hard to dispose of its acidic wastes through urine and perspiration. As our cells are metabolized, the dead cells become a waste product. Despite our cells' constant production of acidic waste, our body fluids must maintain its preferred pH level. This is where ALKAZONE® Water comes into play!

ALKAZONE® Water has lower levels of acid than our competition across the industry. Our bottled water offers a combination of minerals that work with your body to process acidic wastes more efficiently and lower the daily intake altogether, essentially working as an antioxidant while fueling the body with electrolytes.
            




Contact Us

Name (required)




Phone Number




Email Address (required)




Your Message (required)
 








Alkazone® Water

(201) 494-4030

Business HoursMonday8:30am - 5:30pm Tuesday8:30am - 5:30pm Wednesday8:30am - 5:30pm Thursday8:30am - 5:30pm Friday8:30am - 5:30pm SaturdayClosed SundayClosed    




Request Bulk Delivery
(201) 494-4030














 



Water Ionizer Expert — Alkaline Water Benefits





























































Talk to an Expert
                 
					855-843-6506
                
                      
                      
                
                      
                    
We are open 7 days a week! 6 am to 9 pm

0 items $0.00









Learn About The Health Benefits of Alkaline Water Today




 
Download your Free ebook!
Learn All About the Amazing Benefits of Alkaline Ionized Water Today!








or Call 855-843-6506





Maintain a healthy pH Balance
Studies show that metabolic acidosis is associated with many degenerative diseases, can accelerate aging, and cause weight gain. Discover how alkaline water helps neutralize damaging acids.
Alkaline water is used for:

Healthy Part of Weight Loss
Natural Detoxification
Powerful Hydration



A Healthy Part of Weight Loss
A recent study on alkaline water reports that people who drank alkaline water lost an average of 12 pounds over 2 months.
Drinking alkaline water daily may help:

Maintain your metabolism
Reduce appetite
Support healthy probiotics
Promote healthy weight loss




Natural Detoxification
Alkaline water has been shown by clinical research to help the body expel 10 heavy metals.
Drinking alkaline water daily may help:

Protect against the toxic effects of mercury
Helps the body excrete toxins
Optimizes detoxification regimens




Powerful Hydration
Ionized alkaline water hydrates better than plain water and helps supply the body with essential minerals.
Drinking alkaline water daily may help:

Proper hydration (may prevent heart attacks and strokes)
Cells hydrate quickly
Improve athletic hydration and recovery





References:
The effect of daily consumption of 2 liters of electrolyzed water for 2 months on body composition and several physiological parameters in four obese subjects: a preliminary report. Guy E. Abrabam, Jorge D. Flebas. Original Internist. Sept 2011 v18 i3 p96(9).

  Rosborg, I, B Nihlgard, and L Gerhardsson. "Hair element concentrations in females in one acid and one alkaline area in southern Sweden." PubMed NCBI. Ambio, n.d. Web. 3 Jul 2013. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/14703901.

  Vorobjeva, N.V.. "Selective stimulation of the growth of anaerobic microflora in the human intestinal tract by electrolyzed reducing water." Medical Hypotheses. Elsevier, 14 Jun 2004. Web. 5 Jul 2013. http://www.medical-hypotheses.com/article/S0306-9877(04)00489-X/abstract.





































 



Water Ionizer Expert — Alkaline Water Benefits





























































Talk to an Expert
                 
					855-843-6506
                
                      
                      
                
                      
                    
We are open 7 days a week! 6 am to 9 pm

0 items $0.00









Learn About The Health Benefits of Alkaline Water Today




 
Download your Free ebook!
Learn All About the Amazing Benefits of Alkaline Ionized Water Today!








or Call 855-843-6506





Maintain a healthy pH Balance
Studies show that metabolic acidosis is associated with many degenerative diseases, can accelerate aging, and cause weight gain. Discover how alkaline water helps neutralize damaging acids.
Alkaline water is used for:

Healthy Part of Weight Loss
Natural Detoxification
Powerful Hydration



A Healthy Part of Weight Loss
A recent study on alkaline water reports that people who drank alkaline water lost an average of 12 pounds over 2 months.
Drinking alkaline water daily may help:

Maintain your metabolism
Reduce appetite
Support healthy probiotics
Promote healthy weight loss




Natural Detoxification
Alkaline water has been shown by clinical research to help the body expel 10 heavy metals.
Drinking alkaline water daily may help:

Protect against the toxic effects of mercury
Helps the body excrete toxins
Optimizes detoxification regimens




Powerful Hydration
Ionized alkaline water hydrates better than plain water and helps supply the body with essential minerals.
Drinking alkaline water daily may help:

Proper hydration (may prevent heart attacks and strokes)
Cells hydrate quickly
Improve athletic hydration and recovery





References:
The effect of daily consumption of 2 liters of electrolyzed water for 2 months on body composition and several physiological parameters in four obese subjects: a preliminary report. Guy E. Abrabam, Jorge D. Flebas. Original Internist. Sept 2011 v18 i3 p96(9).

  Rosborg, I, B Nihlgard, and L Gerhardsson. "Hair element concentrations in females in one acid and one alkaline area in southern Sweden." PubMed NCBI. Ambio, n.d. Web. 3 Jul 2013. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/14703901.

  Vorobjeva, N.V.. "Selective stimulation of the growth of anaerobic microflora in the human intestinal tract by electrolyzed reducing water." Medical Hypotheses. Elsevier, 14 Jun 2004. Web. 5 Jul 2013. http://www.medical-hypotheses.com/article/S0306-9877(04)00489-X/abstract.





































 



Water Ionizer Expert — Products






























































Talk to an Expert
                 
					855-843-6506
                
                      
                      
                
                      
                    
We are open 7 days a week! 6 am to 9 pm

0 items $0.00








Products

Counter Top Ionizers



Life Ionizer M9 X Next Generation™ Water Ionizer
$2,597.00





Life Ionizer M7 X Next Generation™ Water Ionizer
$1,997.00





Alka Prime S9C
$2,297.00





LIFE 9100
$2,297.00





Alka Prime S7C
$1,697.00





LIFE 7700C
$1,697.00





Alka Fresh MiniMax
$1,497.00





Life LC-11
$3,997.00





Alkazone BHL4200
$2,200.00





Biontech
$1,497.00





A2O Model 500
$999.00





A2O Model 900
$2,295.00





Alkazone BHL3100
$1,600.00





Life Ionizer Next Generation™ M11 X Water Ionizer
$2,997.00





AlkaFresh™  9
$2,397.00





M5 Next Generation™ X Water Ionizer by Life Ionizer
$1,497.00





Life Ionizers Next Generation™ M13 X
$3,497.00





7-Hisha Water Ionizer Counter Top Only
$1,697.00





RP11 Water Ionizer Counter Top
$2,497.00




Under Counter Ionizers



LIFE 7700UC
$2,197.00





LIFE 9200
$2,597.00





Alka Prime S7UC
$2,197.00





Alka Prime S9UC
$2,697.00





Life Ionizer Next Generation™ Undercounter M9 X
$2,997.00





Life Ionizer Next Generation™ Undercounter M7 X
$2,497.00





M11 X Life Ionizer™ Under Counter Water Ionizer
$3,497.00





Alka Fresh
$1,995.00





Life Ionizer Next Generation™ Undercounter M13 X
$3,997.00










































 



Water Ionizer Expert — Water Ionizer Buyer's Guide





























































Talk to an Expert
                 
					855-843-6506
                
                      
                      
                
                      
                    
We are open 7 days a week! 6 am to 9 pm

0 items $0.00













Download Your Definitive Guide to Water Ionizers Today!
Our team of experts has created this guide to answer the questions that water ionizer buyers ask us all the time. In the Consumer's Guide you will find answers to important questions like:

What makes one ionizer better than another?
What are pH and ORP and why are they important?
What if I have hard water?
How do I know which ionizer is right for me?





Health
All ionizers are not created equal! In our guide, you will learn how to find the right ionizer to support your individual health goals.
Lifestyle
When it comes to water ionizers, one size does not fit all! We tell you how to find the ionizer that fits your lifestyle, whether at home or on the go!
Quality
The right water ionizer is an investment and should last a lifetime. Our guide explains the frequently overlooked features that determine how long your new ionizer will last.


 
Free eBook!
Complete the form below to get the facts on water ionizers in our free buyer's guide.

























































Water Ionizers from Tyent Rettin


















































	Miracles, Scams, and Side Effects.



	Don't buy a water ionizer until you've read this game-changing guide



5 tips that could save you thousands 

500 clinical studies from across the globe 

Which water ionizer really is the best?




The secret life of a water ionizer: amazing facts and incredible truths 













	Get your free guide on water ionizers






Which best describes you? *(Please Select)I'm a health nut and want to keep it going.I'm not feeling great and I'd like to feel better.I'm interested in weight loss.I'd like to reverse the aging process and feel younger.I'm an athlete and want peak performance.I'd like to feel alive and energized everyday.




GET MY FREE GUIDE



















	Thinking of Buying a Water Ionizer?



	Don’t hand over a cent until you’ve read how the very best water ionizer brands on the market compare.  Information is everything.  Empower yourself with the facts and select the best water ionizer for you. It’s all at your fingertips with our amazing Water Ionizer Report.






Great guide! I felt like I was getting advice from a friend.




Russel S. Green Oaks, IL




	Expert Views. Clinical Studies. Everything You Need to Know.

GET MY FREE GUIDE


Privacy Policy | © Tyent USA 2016. All Rights Reserved




























Fix the following errors:Hide






















Health Benefits, Uses & Studies Upon Alkaline Water



































































 










JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                








Become a Dealer

Contact Us: 855-893-6887
Sign In  View Cart 










 
WE ARE HERE FOR YOU

We have answers right now!
Talk to Us…Your Way!






Live Help
Chat Online Live







Want to Call?
855-TYENT-US(893-6887)







Not a phone fanatic?
Send Us An Email







Need Answers?
Check Out Our FAQs Page







Too Busy Now?
Schedule a Call







Need More Info?
Tyent Contact Info




 







Home



                            Alkaline Water Benefits Uses Studies                                    







Alkaline Water—Everything You Need to Know Right Here! Instant Access to Free Info & Downloads! 
 


Alkaline Water Overview—What Is It?



Alkaline Water has many ideal properties which offer amazing health benefits. We would like to share those benefits with you and your family.
Alkaline Water is a Powerful Antioxidant.


Research shows that antioxidants have the following health benefits:

Anti-aging properties
Detoxifying effects
Immune support
Free radical protection



Read More About The Purest and Freshest Alkaline Water


The Purest and Freshest Alkaline Water
Imagine having the ability to take normal tap water and give it a special charge that can neutralize free radicals and give you the benefits mentioned above. Alkaline ionized water, or Tyent Water™ has a negative charge called oxidation reduction potential (-ORP). The ORP properties of alkaline water are known by many as simply “antioxidants”.
To explain further, normal body functions cause high or rising oxidation in the body, which is not good. To fight against the oxidation, alkaline water’s negative ORP charge literally hinders the oxidation process by counteracting any rising oxidation effect. Ionized water essentially rejuvenates us. A glass of alkaline water brings us as close as we can ever hope to get to a Fountain of Youth, as incredible as that may sound.
Is having gallons of alkaline water flowing freely just a dream?
Not any more!
The purest, freshest and healthiest alkaline water is also ionized, and it is created by a Tyent Water Ionizer that hooks to your tap.
[ Hide...]









“The Tyent machine performs far above anything else that is out there.”
- Dr. Joe Fawcett, DC 




Alkaline Water vs. Regular Water—A True Story! By Michele Steffney, Alkaline Water Expert




Who wants the best water on earth? I do! I do!

Does it exist?

Yes! Absolutely! It is Tyent ionized alkaline water. But, before you just take my word for it, let’s break it down by one type of water at a time.

First, let me just explain a bit about my experience with water. When I was about 9 years old…
+ Read More of My Alkaline Water Story





I used to see Culligan commercials. These commercials used scare tactics that showed all of the dangerous contaminants in your tap water
Whoa, they were scary! I remember going to my dad about it, and he just shrugged his shoulders and pretty much ignored me. I suppose it did not scare him, but it definitely sparked an interest in me and a mission to find the healthiest water on earth..
Luckily for all of us, water has come a long way since those commercials
Today, there are loads of ways to get your water and new ways popping up daily. Let’s take a quick trip down memory lane, shall we?

1
The obvious classics since the prehistoric days include water from natural lakes, rivers or springs.

2
Well water

3
City water

4
Bottled distilled water for use in chemistry and other applications (not for drinking)

5
Bottled spring water

6
Bottled purified water

7
Flavored waters with fizz and without

8
Gravity pitchers

9
Basic household filters including whole house systems, faucet filters and water softeners

10
Reverse osmosis systems

11
Non-electric alkalizers/ionizers

12
Electric water ionizer machines


Choices, choices and more choices! But don’t fret because since many of the choices listed do not meet our standards, let’s not waste time. Since our goal is to find the healthiest water, the natural choices such as rivers and streams can be eliminated right away because of pollution. Moving on, we will eliminate non-treated well water since it needs to be further filtered, and of course, any basic filter just won’t meet our high expectations.
Now that those subpar water choices are out of the way, let’s concentrate on what’s left and what’s still questionably healthy.


Alkaline Water vs. Bottled Water:
As funny as it may seem, I still see people loading large, plastic wrapped crates of bottled water into their shopping carts. I feel sorry that so many people still do not know that they would probably be better off just drinking unfiltered tap water. Sad but true in most cases.
Although there are a few very expensive, semi-healthy bottled water brands on the market, most of the bottled water companies take plastic bottles and fill them with plain-old filtered tap water. Some of it is packed in such cheap plastic containers that you can smell or even taste plastic when you drink it.
Does this plastic-smelling water sound healthy to you?
I didn’t think so! Besides, it’s not good for the environment or your pocketbook either.
To top it off, most bottled water is surprisingly acidic, and some can even be contaminated with microorganisms that grow from inventory that sits for so long in hot trucks. Pretty gross and very inconvenient, if you ask me! Furthermore, who has the space for all of those clunky bottles anyway?

Score for bottled water:



Alkaline Water vs. Tap Water:
To me, this topic is a no brainer, but who am I to judge?
To start, tap water is mandated to have neutral pH* which from a pH standpoint is okay—meaning it’s not going to harm you, but it won’t help you either. For me, I want to drink a healthy pH of 9.5 to 10 to help keep my body better balanced. However, I want more than just a healthy pH, and you should too.
Here’s what you are missing when you drink tap water over alkaline water:

1A healthy pH
2Better hydration
- since it does not go through an electrolysis process

3Purity
- most tap water has contaminants. See what’s in your water here in Tyent’s Free Water Report 

4Antioxidants
- there is nothing in tap water to help keep your body from dangerously oxidizing



Score for tap water:



Alkaline Water from a Water Ionizer vs. Bottled Alkaline Water:
If you are traveling or in a pinch then bottled alkaline water is just fine. The pH is usually sufficient. However, it costs up to $3 a bottle or more, which in my book is way too much to pay, especially since it’s not as high-quality as the ionized water that comes fresh from a Tyent unit.
When bottled alkaline water is manufactured, there is a packaging process that is required by law that kills the healthy antioxidant properties of the water. So since the antioxidant properties are one of the top reasons to drink ionized alkaline water, it fails in my book.

*There are some regions of exception due to municipal source water.


Score for bottled alkaline water:



Overall Analysis:
Water from an electric water ionizer is still the best choice. It has all of the healthy properties your body needs, so in my book, it’s really the only choice.

Score for alkaline water from a water ionizer:



[ Hide...]



Which Alkaline Water System is Best?We can help you find the top-rated water ionizer!
Water Ionizer Buyer’s Guide
Fill out form



















 

Are There Benefits of Owning a Water Ionizer System Over Buying Bottled Alkaline Water?
Throughout our website you will find hundreds of benefits of owning a water ionizer. See a quick summary of the benefits of our alkaline, ionized water now. Then, check out how the benefits of owning a unit far outweigh buying bottled alkaline water. Here is a quick list of the key topics that will be covered here:






The hassle of buying bottled alkaline water
The hassle of buying alkaline water is based on the lack of convenience. In many regions, bottled alkaline water is only sold through health food stores or can only be found online. Therefore, you will need to take an extra trip or step to purchase it.
Aside from making a special trip, you will also need to load it into your cart, lug it back to your car, drag it into your home and then store it until you need it.



Avoid the inconvenience of the load, lug, and store syndrome and just push a button on your ionizer when you want a fresh glass of alkaline water.








The cost of buying bottled alkaline water
The cost of buying bottled alkaline water is about 50 times more than the cost of owning a water ionizer. A glass of water from a Tyent water ionizer costs about 6 cents a glass. Plus, you will not have to pay for the gas to make that special trip to the health food store just to buy it. Or, pay the high cost of shipping.
The environmental cost of buying bottled alkaline water has a high price tag as well. There are a lot of hidden costs and environmental factors that you may have not considered like these:

The cost of fuel used to make and transport the plastic bottles
The energy used for manufacturing
The cost of fuel in transporting heavy liquids in bottles across the country to distributors
The cost of your fuel to transport the bottles to your home
The cost of recycling or the environmental cost from taking up more landfill space




Slash the huge price tag into bits by purchasing a Tyent water ionizer that will save you a lot of money. Plus, owning a Tyent machine is very eco-friendly.








The shortcomings of buying bottled alkaline water
The shortcomings of buying bottled alkaline water over owning a water ionizer are vast. Aside from the whopping costs and tremendous hassles of buying bottled alkaline water, you will not get the same health benefits either. Sure, bottled alkaline water is healthier than ordinary bottled water, but it does not have as many antioxidants as alkaline water that is fresh from your water ionizer.
Plus, you are limited to the pH level that comes in the bottle. Whereas, with a Tyent unit you can choose the pH level that you want. Remember, there are so many money saving uses for the various pH levels available in your Tyent unit.
As a gift to you, here is a free E-book on the many uses of the water available from a Tyent water ionizer.



Get the most from drinking alkaline water when it is fresh. Ionized water has the most abundant level of antioxidants when it has just been ionized. So push the button, fill up your glass and enjoy. What could be simpler than that!



Interested in reading more? Check out Fresh Alkaline Water vs. Bottled Alkaline Water



[ find more solutions...]

Bottled alkaline water vs. alkaline water from a water ionizer



Tyent Alkaline Water Is the Healthiest Water You Can Drink!

It’s Energizing! Just look at how it stimulates your blood cells.
It’s Unbelievably Thirst-Quenching due to the molecular hydrogen in Tyent Water.
It’s Immune-Boosting! There are more antioxidants in Tyent Water than a glass of orange juice.
There are so many benefits of alkaline water that we can’t list them all here.

[ read more...]

Tyent Water Ionizers Are Easy and Convenient! The best way to drink alkaline water is fresh from the tap. Tyent units are so easy to use and will save you from lugging back bottled water (that’s not even as healthy) from the store.
Tyent Alkaline Water Is Doctor Recommended! Just look at the doctors and scientists who support the benefits of alkaline water.
100% Satisfaction Guaranteed! Tyent Is the only water ionizer company that offers a 75-day trial and a zero stipulations Platinum Lifetime Warranty. We know you will love Tyent Water as much as we do!
Insist on Chemical-Free Alkaline Water! All Tyent Water Ionizers are certified chemical free. Don’t risk drinking dangerous chemicals in your water.


   

Discover more on how Tyent is the TOP WATER IONIZER!


Molecular Hydrogen in Ionized Water
The presence of hydrogen gas gives ionized alkaline water many of its benefits.  Ionized water is produced by electrolysis, enabling the ‘free’ and available hydrogen gas to dissolve into the water. It is the presence of hydrogen gas which gives alkaline water many of it’s benefits. 
Research has shown that removing the hydrogen gas in ionized water diminishes the benefits, and perhaps unsurprisingly, adding extra hydrogen gas to the water increased the therapeutic benefits.  Drinking hydrogen-rich alkaline water is the perfect way to mount a defense against free radicals, which are responsible for oxidization – or decay – within our bodies.



Is Alkaline Water Good or Bad?


Since alkaline water has such a high antioxidant content and because so many doctors recommend antioxidants, it is very good for you. When you compare alkaline water to orange juice you will find that fresh squeezed orange juice has a negative ORP of 250, and we can only drink a few glasses of fresh orange juice per day.
We can drink as much Ionized Water as we wish to in a day. Plus, unlike orange juice, ionized alkaline water has no calories. Many people drink as much as two gallons of Ionized Water per day for their health. So how much alkaline water does your body need?
read more


Alkaline Water Ionizer Benefits
Ionized alkaline water will contain thousands of tiny bubbles when it pours out of a Tyent water ionizer. Those bubbles are molecular hydrogen, which is the antioxidant property of ionized alkaline water.  Molecular hydrogen is the most fragile aspect of ionized water, lasting only a maximum of 18-24 hours, which is why it is important to consume ionized water when it is fresh out of your Tyent water ionizer.
Bottom line: What you really need is an alkaline water ionizer machine!
Shop Water Ionizers Now More Alkaline Water Benefits

Alkaline Foods Vs. Acidic Foods


Alkaline Foods

Vs

Acidic Foods



The human body tends to be acidic because our diet is comprised of cooked foods, pasteurized or otherwise processed foods. Acidity in the body is the root cause of many ailments, some chronic. Soft drinks are the most acidic substance a person can put into his/her body.
This acidic condition is very unhealthy. Before alkaline water, the only way to combat acidity was to eat high alkaline foods like raw fruits and vegetables. Many find this type of diet to be difficult, if not impossible to achieve. Since our body is about 80% water, consuming alkaline water is a much simpler way to achieve an ideal pH balance in the body. Check out these Top 7 Alkaline Foods.


Please click here to find out more 

Alkaline Water Effects—It’s Six Times More Hydrating Than Conventional Water.


Water makes up over 80% of our bodies and is essential for all living creatures. Ionized Water is fundamentally different from conventional water. That is, ionized alkaline water is packed with molecular hydrogen, which allows the water to be absorbed quickly and easily. Lack of water can cause chronic cellular dehydration (or not providing the body with sufficient water), a condition which leaves the body's cells in a perpetual state of weakness and defense. Most people simply do not drink enough water (at least half our weight in ounces) to keep ourselves properly hydrated and therefore healthy.



Minerals That Are Ionized Are More Bio-available.

The body can absorb ionized minerals much more efficiently and can therefore make use of them where they are needed throughout the body. Minerals are some of the most important nutrients the body needs, yet mineral deficiency is common. Drinking Ionized Alkaline Water is an efficient and effective way for the body to get its minerals. You will find that Tyent USA is the most popular and respected water ionizer brand in the industry. Check out our media page to see who is on board with us. Please contact us with any questions or to place your order. We are happy to help get you on your way to optimal health.




Call it an alkaline water ionizer, dispenser, generator or machine—either way, it’s still the best way to get alkaline water
But before you jump online and buy the cheapest machine, you need to pay careful attention to the quality of the water ionizer to protect your safety. It’s important to shop around and do your research. Here is a quick list of what to pay attention to when shopping for an ionizer.

1) Water ionizers use the process of electrolysis to separate normal “stable” water into “unstable” positively charged acid water and negatively charged alkaline water. Only use an electric water ionizer, otherwise you will not get all of the benefits.
2) While pH gets all the attention, it is the Oxidation Reduction Potential “ORP” that is important to improving and maintaining your health (the antioxidants). ORP is a measure of the electrical charge in the water, and plays a key role in eliminating acid from the body, which, in turn, helps raise the pH of the body and allows the body to heal itself. Your body performs the miracles, not the water. The water simply gives your body a chance to work properly. A machine that offers the most plates with the largest surface size produces a stronger ORP overall.
3) The amount of time that the water is in contact with the ionizer plates makes a difference, so look for large plates, and at least 9 of them. The brand that you choose can play a major role in determining performance by having more plates, larger plates, and solid/mesh hybrid plates.
4) Pay attention to the amount of amps that run through the actual plates during the ionization process.
Here’s a simple checklist for purchasing a water ionizer:
-The amount of amps that is passed over the plates -The size of the plates -The number of plates (should be at least 9) -The quality of the materials of the plates (platinum coated titanium is safest and most durable) -Warranty: Some companies such as Tyent USA offer a lifetime warranty, which is worth the investment when you consider the cost of purchasing a new unit when a substandard machine breaks.
See our 2017 Water Ionizer Buyer’s Guide Now

[ Read More...]
Get Our Must-Have Water Ionizer Shopping List

Tyent USA Water Ionizers give you the best water available today.





51 Smart Reasons To Sell Alkaline Water!
Get A Free E-Book Now!
“Margins are excellent!” - Jay Cunningham Authorized Tyent Dealer Download Now



Drink Like the Stars!
Now you can drink the same alkaline water that celebrities and Olympic athletes are drinking!







Celebrity Doctors LoveAntioxidants!
FREE E-BOOK($29 Value)

Antioxidants in Alkaline Water Mean Quick Results for Good Health!

Instant Access





     








become a dealer
 
 










Tyent Core Value #3
You will be listened to and helped in every way possible by us.





 














 














BUYER'S GUIDE


1 MIN DEMO
BECOME A DEALER





















Alkaline Water Benefits, Know More On Alkaline Water | Tyent USA



































































 










JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                








Become a Dealer

Contact Us: 855-893-6887
Sign In  View Cart 










 
WE ARE HERE FOR YOU

We have answers right now!
Talk to Us…Your Way!






Live Help
Chat Online Live







Want to Call?
855-TYENT-US(893-6887)







Not a phone fanatic?
Send Us An Email







Need Answers?
Check Out Our FAQs Page







Too Busy Now?
Schedule a Call







Need More Info?
Tyent Contact Info




 







Home



                            Learn    Alkaline Water 






Learning Center Home
What is Alkaline Water?
Resources
Why Tyent USA?
Testimonials
Videos
FAQs









What is Alkaline Water?
Imagine having the ability to take normal tap water and give it a special charge that can neutralize free radicals and give you the benefits mentioned above. Alkaline ionized water, or Tyent Water has a negative charge called oxidation reduction potential (-ORP).Learn more »





Articles & Resources
Read our ever growing collection of articles, resources and clinical studies from around the world.
                        1. Drinking enough water should be a priority every day of the week, but there are a few instances where you should be extra-aware of chugging enough H20. Pick up a durable.Learn more »





Frequently Asked Questions
Our clients are our biggest supporters. Would you like to know what our clients think about us? Take a look for yourself in the testimonials...Find out more »





TyentUSA Blog
Read the latest news and happenings. Go to Blog »



Did you know? The average 150lbs. adult body contains almost 12 gallons of water. Almost 80% of our body is 'water weight' . 






Next Steps


See Success Stories
Contact Us 
See Sale Items 

See Tyent in Media
Hear a Doctor's View on Alkaline Water




I Want To


Discover Alkaline Water 

Learn More About Tyent 
Watch Videos
Get Free Stuff 




Alkaline Water Blog











Next Steps


Get a Free Water Report
Get a Free DVD
Hear a Doctor's View on Alkaline Water
Alkaline Water: Smart Solutions for Everyday Use Revealed

Shop Water Ionizers 


I Want To


Experience the Secret Benefits of Ionized Alkaline Water.
Discover 21 reasons toswitch your water to Tyent Water
Compare Tyent to Enagic (Kangen Water).
Get Freebies!
Discover 20 Reasons Why Tyent!


Shop Water Ionizers



Alkaline Water Blog
 



                                        JUL 25, 2017                


                        Is a Water Ionizer Much Better than a Reverse Osmosis Unit?                    

 
Reverse osmosis water units are important in survival 






                                        JUL 20, 2017                


                        Is a Water Ionizer Really Much Better Than My Well Water?                    

 
We all know that there are serious problems with Amer 



View the Blog






Why Tyent?

 




What Tyent customers are Saying About Us...







"By properly hydrating with Tyent Alkaline Water and improving her diet my wife is pain free and back to enjoying good health and we have both lost over 20 lbs."
Tom Schafer
Hendersonville, TN





“We at the Oasis of Hope Hospital have a Tyent USA water ionizer in our dining room for all of our patients so that they can have unlimited filtered, alkaline water."
Dr. Francisco Contreras, MD
Oncologist, Oasis of Hope Cancer Center





“I have played professional sports and coached professional sports and we have been singing the praises of Tyent alkaline water for about nine years..."
Tom House, "Throwing Doctor"
Founder, National Pitching Association





“The benefits seem endless... We are immensely grateful we learned of the Tyent ionizers, and realized that this is a priceless investment in our health."
Rick Sr and Jennifer Mendyka
Gillette, WY







Click to Hear More Incredible Testimonials!






Ashley Edney
“The Tyent machine was one of the greatest investments I have ever made.” 
My name is Ashley Edney, and I have owned a Tyent Water Ionizer for almost a year now.  The Tyent machine was one of the greatest investments I have ever made.  
“After about three days of drinking the #1 alkaline water my heartburn and morning sickness had subsided immensely.”
I was pregnant when I purchased the machine and my heartburn and morning sickness were awful.  After about three days of drinking the #1 Alkaline water my heartburn and morning sickness had subsided immensely.  I felt that I had more energy too.
“We definitely feel more hydrated, have more energy and sleep better!”
 My husband is a firm believer in the water ionizer as well.  We both drink it and we definitely feel more hydrated, have more energy and sleep better!
“Your customer service is A+ and that is hard to find these days.”
Friends and family come to us to *drink the good water*.  Your customer service is A+ and that is hard to find these days.  Thank you Tyent for your wonderful product!
Ashley Edney  Alpharetta, Georgia








 
Terry FatorFamous Ventriloquist and Winner of America’s Got Talent, Headliner at The Mirage Hotel and Casino, Las Vegas, NV

“I am a ventriloquist who does impressions of singers without moving my lips, so the pressure on my voice to perform not only for myself but also all of my characters is very heavy. When I signed a long-term deal to perform at the Mirage Hotel and Casino in Vegas several years ago my number one concern was getting what is called “Vegas Throat”, a condition that is caused by the lack of humidity in the Vegas area. My doctor recommended humidifiers in my home and to drink lots of water. I installed the humidifiers and drank plenty of water, but I still noticed that my throat was to dry.
Since I got the Tyent UCE-11 ionizer I have noticed a marked difference. My throat feels much more lubricated and I have my full vocal range back!
I recommend it to anyone who need to keep their voice and body hydrated.
 Another plus is that I am saving hundreds of dollars not having to purchase cases of bottled water and my Tyent ionizer paid for itself in just a few short months. Thanks, Tyent, for making my life and voice healthier!”









Leo the dog
“Keeps his coat shiny and fresh smelling.”
During the ten years we have had our Tyent™ Ionizer, it has improved our life in so many ways!  At the age of 6, our beautiful German Shepard, Leo, was to the point he could not get up on his own because of inflammation and arthritis.  Within a couple months of drinking the alkalized ionized water, Leo was running around like his old self again and lived to be 10 and a half, with a great quality of life!  We are so thankful a friend told us about the Tyent Water Ionizers!!  I know we can credit our great health to our healthy lifestyle and our Tyent water machine!!









 

Yannick BissonCanadian Film Actor, Murdoch Mysteries
"My TV series Murdoch Mysteries is set in 1900 Toronto. Most of our scenes are shot outdoors and I'm dressed in a three piece wool suit, topped off with a Homburg Hat all summer long, and summers in Toronto are HUMID.
I couldn't get through these days if I didn't have the amazingly hydrating Tyent Water in my stainless steel water bottles to keep me going.
In fact on the days I've forgotten it and had to drink regular bottled water I end up with headaches and low energy by the end of my fourteen hour days.
In my business it's all about how you look and HD film isn't always kind. 
 Since having the Tyent Water Ionizer installed in our brand new home six months ago everybody keeps asking me "what I'm doing differently, you're like an alien who never ages" and I tell them it's all in my water!”
Take a peek inside Yannick Bisson’s home. Be sure to keep an eye out for the Tyent UCE-9000 in his beautiful kitchen! 









Robert Moran
"One month short of five years ago, when I was 64, I was happily jogging in the park. I was running five miles every other day in about 46 minutes. This particular day I became extremely fatigued after only two and a half miles – which was two and a half miles from my car. I walked back, which was a struggle. I came home, and went to bed. After a week of being too fatigued to go to work, I went to see the local doctor. I was told that there appeared to be nothing wrong – and was prescribed an asthma inhaler to help me breath. I didn’t and don’t have asthma, and I didn’t have a problem breathing. I presume because I told the doctor that I was running at the onset of my fatigue, he assumed that I had a breathing problem. I was forced to use it once in the doctor’s office – after I came home, I threw it away.
The next morning, I woke up nine-tenths dead – I felt really, really bad.strong> My wife had left early in the morning on business, and came home about four in the afternoon. I thought I would be dead soon, and I gave her all the passwords to our bank accounts. Later that day, she and one of her friends took me to the nearest ER which was about 30 miles away. I guess I didn’t have enough money in the bank for her to let me die. By this time, I could not stand or walk without help.
I was kept overnight in the hospital, and was scanned, poked, and prodded all night long. I was seen by several doctors – one said he found nothing wrong, another said my kidneys were failing, and a third prescribed an asthma inhaler – the same brand and type as the first doctor I saw. Again, I threw it away
I was terrified – I assumed that my kidneys were failing and I didn’t think I’d last a week. I tried to see the doctor I had seen earlier the morning I got out of the hospital just to get some answers, but he didn’t see patients that day. His receptionist was rather rude about it – see him later in the week or go back to the ER.
After some searching, my wife found a doctor that would see me. He looked at the ER and hospital records and declared that my kidneys were not failing, that I did not have asthma or need an inhaler, and there was nothing wrong with me except some mild arthritis. I pointed out that I could not stand or walk without help and slept 23 out of the 24 hours in a day, so there obviously was something wrong. I was sent to a clinic where they took several tubes of blood, and then my wife took me home, and I slept.
After several days, the doctor told my wife that all the blood tests turned up negative, but he scheduled some more blood tests, and a thyroid biopsy, and some sort of nerve test where they stick needles into you and run electric current – he warned me it would be somewhat painful.
My wife took me to get the second round of blood tests. The technician had trouble finding a vein, and I went out like a light. When I woke up, a nurse in the ER was cutting my clothes off. When I woke up, she told me “you are the most excitement we have had all day”. Apparently, I had been out for quite a while, and had turned a rather dark shade of green, according to my wife. She thought that I had died. The ER doctor asked me what my problem was, since the blood tests requested were rather unusual. I told him that I didn’t know. He told me that I was unusually weak and dehydrated, and most emphatically told me not to have any invasive procedures done until I had regained some strength because they could easily kill me. They kept me at the ER for about four hours.
My wife took me home, and immediately cancelled all of the scheduled biopsies and tests. The next day, against my protestations, she hauled me to an alternative medicine clinic run by a licensed MD that had gotten fed up with the conventional medical practices. At this time, I strongly did not believe in “alternative medicine”.
The first thing that became apparent is that the doctor and his staff actually listened to me, and asked detailed questions covering every detail of what I was going through, and asked my opinion of what was going on.
The following took place over a period of six months or more – I cannot remember exactly, but it was a long time. The first month or so I spent sleeping 23 out of 24 hours a day.
I won’t go into all of the treatments in detail (with a few exceptions, vitamins, minerals, and natural remedies). One procedure that was done is called “live blood analysis”. Conventional practitioners now call this quackery – but it used to be a common practice 40 years ago, and is stilled used by researchers. I observed the entire procedure, which basically consists of drawing a drop of blood and looking at it under a video microscope. The result was somewhat disturbing – in addition to various “stuff” floating around in my blood – fat and uric acid crystals, among other things - a significant number of my red blood cells looked like deflated balloons and starfish. The technician told me that he did not know the cause, or the cure, but it was obvious something was stressing my blood cells and that I had a “leaky colon”.
Now this is where the Tyent comes in. The alternative medicine doctor told me to drink at least 64 ounces of water a day. Plain water was good enough, but ionized water would be better.
My wife had a friend who was selling Kangen water ionizers. She volunteered to provide me with ionized water to prove that it would do some good.
For months, my wife would fetch ionized water for me. At this time, I was slowly getting better, staying awake longer and going into work a few hours a week. Being somewhat skeptical about the ionized water, I stopped drinking it for a week, twice, and drank tap water. Both times, I could tell the difference – I started feeling worse, very quickly, when I stopped drinking it, and got better when I started drinking the ionized water. Before I fell ill, I was having trouble urinating – just getting old, I supposed. A few months after starting with the ionized water, the difficulty urinating became less and less. Now, it is not a problem anymore. Also, I used to eat antacids like candy – I have always had an acid reflux problem. Over a relatively short period of time, my acid reflux went away. I seldom need antacid anymore.
I also found that the taste of the ionized water was very good. Filtered water and bottled water is just “bland” – the only way to describe it. The ionized water is just more drinkable to me.
OK, now it was clear to me that I needed my own water ionizer. The price of the Kangen ionizer was outrageous, plus the technology was quite old – it works, but very heavy and requires periodic cleaning. 
I looked at a lot of brands, and settled on the Tyent because the price was affordable, the technology more recent, the self-cleaning feature, and the lifetime warranty. 
My wife bought the lady that was providing the Kangen ionized water for me a very nice thank you gift.
I also looked into the technology of water ionizers on the internet. A lot of educated people who should know better say it is quackery and you cannot “ionize water” because pure water is a non-conductor, and in any case, if you did succeed in putting ions in it, they would just recombine and neutralize each other.
I remember a demonstration in physics class at Ga. Tech. The professor had a large, glass plate capacitor which could be disassembled. Glass is a non-conductor. He charged the capacitor up, and carefully disassembled it. He then shorted the conductive plates together to show that there was no charge on the plates. He then passed the glass plate around the class. He then reassembled the capacitor, and drew a three inch arc from the conductive plates. The purpose of the demonstration was to show that the charge in a capacitor is stored in the non-conductive dielectric. OK, I reasoned, now replace the glass with water – a water capacitor. Charge up the conductive plates. The water next to one plate will have an excess of electrons, the water next to the other plate will have a dearth of electrons. Now quickly remove the water next to each plate – the water next to one plate will be stuck with an excess of electrons, the water next to the other plate will suffer from a lack of electrons. The purer the water, the better this works. In any case, I was clear to me those on the internet – some who are PhDs – that argue that there is no such thing as ionized water should call their University and ask for their money back for giving them such a poor education in physics.
In any case, I not only satisfied myself that not only do water ionizers actually put a charge into the water, but that alkaline water is actually very good for you.
After six or seven months of alternative medical treatment, including copious amounts of ionized water, I begin to become my old, irascible self again. At the insistences of my wife, I had another live blood analysis. This time, all of my red blood cells were nice round like they are supposed to be, no fat in the blood, no uric acid crystals or anything else that was not supposed to be there. Objective proof that the treatments prescribed by the alternative medicine physician actually had an effect.
In about a year after I first became ill, I was able to begin seriously exercising again. I had gained 40 pounds over this period – doing nothing but sleeping and eating is not particularly good for you. I was too heavy to start jogging again, plus my leg muscles had atrophied. I started riding a recumbent tadpole tricycle (not what you think – it is a lean, mean, speed machine if you are man enough to pedal it). I started out barely being able to go 13 mph – now I can hold 22mph on the flats.
In summary, I’m now 69 years old. I can pee again. I lost the 40 extra pounds. I regularly ride Centurys on my recumbent trike faster than a lot younger folks on expensive diamond frame bikes – today I knocked off a 40 mile, very hilly ride with the local bike club. I will be riding the Cap2Cap Century (Richmond to Williamsburg) in May.
I still have my Tyent I bought years ago, it still works great, and my wife and I still religiously drink the ionized water from it.
What caused me to fall so seriously ill? I never found out – perhaps it was a pollen allergy - the day I was jogging was a severe pollen day – I probably will never know. 
As to the extent that ionized water played in my recovery, I can only say that it very noticeably made a difference. As to what role it plays today in my overall health, I cannot say, but I feel great, and I can pee again and I do not have an acid reflux problem. I still drink copious amounts of alkaline water, and you could not pull my Tyent away from me with elephants.
I also have become a firm believer in alternative medicine. I am convinced conventional medicine would have literally biopsied me and drugged me to death, and, after the autopsy, they would have told my wife what killed me.
It can be argued that I eventually would have recovered on my own, if left alone. But three things are clear to me – conventional medical practices would have either killed me or left me disabled and on expensive prescription drugs, the alternative medicine, at worst, did no harm (and I’m convinced that it worked), and the ionized water makes me feel better and seems to have largely eliminated my life-long acid reflux problem.


 






Dr. Nancy McClellanDC Dipl. Ac.
“Tyent Water™, along with all of its other benefits, neutralizes free radicals in a very effective manner.”
One of the important features of drinking Tyent Water™ is the ORP quotient, that is the oxidation reduction potential and the power the water has to go into your body and neutralize free radicals. If people realize that free radicals attack:
Number 1. Nerve tissue  Number 2. Brain tissue  Number 3. Cell walls
They might take ORP a little more seriously.
Tyent Water, along with all of its other benefits, neutralizes free radicals in a very effective manner.
The most important things we can do is to drink Tyent alkaline water because it flushes out the part of your body called the ground substance, or the matrix, where all of your cells sit in. It’s where everything happens in your body. The only thing that I have found that cleanses the ground substance is alkaline water, so I consider alkaline ionized water from a Tyent machine one of the most important things a person can do for themselves and their family’s health.









Franci Crownoble
“It keeps my blood pressure down & I no longer have arthritis in my knees!”
Tyent ionized alkaline water has been very beneficial to my health!  It keeps my blood pressure down & I no longer have arthritis in my knees!
The unit is easy to use & tastes great!  I also appreciate all of the other levels of acid or alkaline water it allows me to use!
-Franci Crownoble  Cottonwood, Arizona









Connie Cochran
“I went with TYENT USA, and I‘m so glad I did!”
My first experience with ionized water was when a representative demonstrated it at a home show.  I thought I knew all there was to know about it’s purposes in life, after all,  I’d be on this planet for nearly 70 years.  Little did I know there was a big surprise awaiting me.  All water is definitely not created equal!
“All water is definitely not created equal!”
I always prided myself in not drinking excessive amounts of sweet soft drinks.  I even made a switch from an occasional soda to a large amount of carbonated tap water that I made myself at home.  What could be better than lots of homemade carbonated water? I began getting acid reflux that was beyond being resolved with over-the-counter products.  My doctor gave be a prescription to help.
The demonstrator at the home show made a huge impression on me.  He had some family members and other people, (who had ionized systems in their own homes), come to the show that weekend.  They all looked very healthy, especially their skin.
I went home and did some extensive research on the computer. I was definitely on a mission.   I already knew I  was going to have this water in my home, easily accessible to drink every single day. To me, it was necessary to compare equipment capabilities along with prices and reviews written by people who use the machine. In my research, I came across a remarkable video showing colon comparisons of those that did and did not drink alkaline water.  There were before and after photos of those that made the switch. Generally I’m not one to share “colon pictures” with my friends, but this was a must!
“I’m so glad I went with Tyent.”
I made the decision to go with TYENT USA because of a comparison video, the price and their warranty , and I‘m so glad I did. It was truly the beginning of a life changing experience. This is a wonderful piece of equipment and really should be a “must have” for everyone. I’m amazed I hadn’t heard about it before.  The choice I made was the TYENT 9090 Turbo. It has the capability to do both extremes: very alkaline and very acidic. I’ve found many purposes for both.  My friends love it when I take them turbo acidic water.  All of our bathrooms are sterilized and the glass is spotless, not to mention the floors!!
“The acid reflux completely resolved itself.” 
During  the first few weeks of my switch to water from my Tyent 9090 Turbo, the acid reflux completely resolved itself.  The weight seemed to be going down.  No longer did I need pain or anti-inflammatory medication several times a day.  My skin and hair improved.  Even the dental hygienist noticed a difference in the build-up on my teeth at my semi-annual cleaning appointment. 
After about 3 months I just happened on to a book called “The Beauty Detox Solution” by Kimberly Snyder, Certified Nutritionist.  As I read the book I began the second phase of my wonderful alkaline future. Learning that “obesity is an acid problem”. I began following her suggestions to eat alkaline food along with my already newly found friend, ionized alkaline water.  Only then did I realize that most of my life I’ve been over-fed and under-nourished causing me to carry around a terrible amount of excess weight. 
“The weight loss is remarkable!”
What a wonderful combination:  ALKALINE WATER and ALKALINE FOOD.  I cannot wait to go back to my physician in early June. The weight loss is remarkable! And, when my doctor reviews the blood work , he won’t have to write prescriptions for inflammation or for acid reflux any longer.
I drink 3 to 4 quarts of this wonderful Tyent Water™ every day.  I only wish I’d learned about it when I was younger . . . But then there are some people who never learn about it. I am grateful this important information came my way and . . . THANK YOU TYENT USA!
Celebrate Life…with Water!
Connie Cochran  Florida









Dr. Joe FawcettDC
“The Tyent machine performs far above anything else that is out there.”
One of the elements that is so key and vital in anybody’s health is their pH, and we want to achieve a slightly alkaline pH in the body. I have looked at a lot of different water ionizer machines and I found the one that truly is the best! The Tyent machine performs far above anything else that is out there.









R. Brouser
"I have suffered from severe arthritis and fibromyalgia for decades.  But thank God I "discovered" alkaline water from Tyent.  It has changed my life completely.  I live in the Sub-Arctic of Alaska's Interior where it is severely cold (down to -60 degrees in the winter) and very dark (less than 3 hours of daylight in the winter, too).  I have seen many doctors to get relief from my disorders and they all have told me to move somewhere warm and sunny, take lots of pills for pain and muscle relaxation, and don't exercise (it will flare up the fibromyalgia.) 
I first heard about the concept of making your body alkaline from my best friend.  Her Integrative Medicine doctor told her to eat certain foods to make her body more alkaline.  She told me many sicknesses cannot live in an alkaline environment. When I searched methods to become more alkaline they all involved specialized and fairly expensive food plans.  It was a lot to grasp since I am already severely reactive to over 400 food allergens and have to carefully avoid otherwise healthy foods.
And then I found out about alkaline water!  All I had to do was drink it; how simple could it be?!  I bought a Tyent 7070 Turbo and began drinking a gallon a day.  (I picked Tyent due to their strong medical recognition in Korea for over 30 years and lifetime product warranty.) 
About 2 weeks after starting the Tyent alkaline water, my worst arthritis symptoms abated.  It will be 2 years next month and the pain has not returned!  
When I told my doctor that my arthritis abated since drinking alkaline water he looked at me and said disdainfully, "You are kidding me; you of all people are a medical social worker and should know the power of a fake placebo!"  I got a different doctor!  The next doctor I found believed in holistic medicine and ran some blood tests and x-rays to see how bad the arthritis was in my hands. 
The tests in 2013 showed there was NO INFLAMMATION in my blood at all (and the pain has been long gone).  There was no other intervention but Tyent alkaline water to give the credit to!
 I have told many friends about the alkaline water.  One friend had fibromyalgia like I do.  I brought her a gallon of water every day.  Within a month she told me her fibro pain had disappeared.  I was shocked; I still had a lot of pain.  Then it dawned on me that I was told to not exercise and I hadn't in years.  If I didn't exercise how would I know if the water could take away muscle pain? I started physical therapy.  Over the last year and a half I have gotten to 3 miles on my treadmill and many exercises each day.  I haven't hurt at all after working out. I have some continued general fatigue and mild pain, but not related to my physical therapy.  Amazing!!  Of course, I guzzle close to a gallon every day.  
The water seems to wick away whatever waste materials that normally cause my fibromyalgia pain from exercise.  Since then I have lost 25 pounds and 2 dress sizes, too.  Thank God for Tyent alkaline water.”










 

Michael McKenry Catcher, Tampa Bay Rays
“You gotta look into this alkaline water. It’ll do dividends for your life. When it comes to alkaline water, Tyent USA is THE brand.”
It’s just been wonderful to be able to be ahead of the game, just a little bit, comparative to other guys that are just drinking regular bottled water.”
After doing a lot of research, when it comes to alkaline water, Tyent USA is THE brand.
Tyent Water, along with all of its other benefits, neutralizes free radicals in a very effective manner.









Kristen Taylor
“I have received excellent customer service with Tyent USA.”
I am Kristen Taylor and I want to first discuss the excellent customer service I have received with Tyent USA. Jim Roberts has gone above and beyond...over the top to serve and satisfy and I am most grateful to have met him and I am more than thrilled to have gone this route opposed to choosing the other ionized/ alkaline companies that I was debating.  It has been such a pleasure dealing with Jim and he has been so prompt, so on top of things, so kind and has made this experience perfect for me!
“I love the energy that the Tyent Water™ gives me, and I love how it keeps my system regulated and cleansed.” 
I am so glad I chose Tyent USA.
“My skin has been so clear from drinking the ionized water and from using the Tyent beauty water as well!*”
I am a major fan of Tyent USA and I want to tell the world!
-Kristen Taylor  Inman, South Carolina
*Note from Tyent USA: The Tyent beauty water that Kristen is referring to is simply level 1 acidic pH water from the Tyent water ionizer produces in addition to the alkaline pH ionized water.










 

Shareece WrightBaltimore Ravens



“Lactic acid is a big, big part of the reason why you get sore.
After drinking Tyent Water, the soreness after practice is not there anymore like it used to be before I was drinking Tyent Water.
Getting out of bed, I feel a lot better and it’s definitely helping with my energy once I go out on the field and perform. As a professional football player and athlete and being out there on the field everyday and being in different types of weather, we can’t afford to be sick. As far as the immune system, we have to keep our immune system strong.
This water, I feel, is definitely making my immune system stronger.
It’s a clear taste. It’s smooth going down your throat. It’s easy to drink and you don’t feel as bloated when you drink Tyent Water than when you drink faucet water.”









Icilda Sanford & Family
“I am very pleased with my decision based on numerous factors such as: Tyent’s warranty, price, guarantees, health benefits, and great taste!”
My family has been drinking Tyent Water™ for approximately 6 months. Prior to ordering my Tyent machine I was approached by a Kangen water distributor. I began to research the benefits and the companies that offered Alkaline water. After much comparison, I decided to purchase my Tyent machine. I am very pleased with my decision based on numerous factors such as: Tyent’s warranty, price, guarantees, health benefits, and great taste!
“Now my children love drinking Tyent Water™.”
In addition, my daughter suffered from a bad ache and my children, in general, did not like to drink water. However, ever since the machine was installed, her acne cleared up and now my children love drinking Tyent Water™.
“I use the water to sanitize my house and it works great!”
Lastly, other than the health benefits, the machine has greatly reduced my cleaning budget. Instead of buying an array of cleaners, I use the water to sanitize my house and it works great!
“I am very pleased with the product and the great customer service. The Tyent was definitely one of my best purchases in life.” 
Thanks TYENT!!!
From a very pleased customer, 
-Icilda Sanford & Family  Los Angeles, California










 

Nate Schierholtz Starting Right Fielder, Chicago Cubs


“A lot of athletes are beginning to use Tyent Water. It’s a great product and it’s huge in sports.

							Playing 162 games a year is physically taxing on the body, and so my Tyent Water definitely gives me the boost I need.
						

							I work out almost everyday and I need better sleep, more
			hydration and to feel 100% focused on the field, and I feel that
			Tyent Water does that for me.
						

							You won’t see me drinking anything but Tyent Water”
						



 
 
Where You May Have Seen Us...





































FEATURED SWIPE FILE





                    The Ultimate
                    Water Ionizer Swipe File
                
57 proven water ionizer tips, ideas and uses that you have never heard...















 
 










Tyent Core Value #3
You will be listened to and helped in every way possible by us.





 














 














become a dealer





















Buy Countertop & Undercounter Water Ionizer, Alkaline Ionized Water Filter



































































 










JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
                    You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.                








Become a Dealer

Contact Us: 855-893-6887
Sign In  View Cart 










 
WE ARE HERE FOR YOU

We have answers right now!
Talk to Us…Your Way!






Live Help
Chat Online Live







Want to Call?
855-TYENT-US(893-6887)







Not a phone fanatic?
Send Us An Email







Need Answers?
Check Out Our FAQs Page







Too Busy Now?
Schedule a Call







Need More Info?
Tyent Contact Info




 







Home



Products 












                        More Great Products
                        Below
                    








9 Plate Water Ionizers
11 Plate Water Ionizers






MMP-9090 TURBO






UCE-9000 TURBO






ACE-11






UCE-11








All Filters




Ionizer Filters







Pre-Filters







TYgo





pHandOrp





Shower Lux Filters









Travel Products




GoodLife Bottles







TYgo Alkalizer





pHandOrp 







Accessories









Cleaning Filters







Faucet Diverters







Waterceuticals








pH Drops







 21 Most Important Alkaline Water Benefits: Tyent Delivers 

	Have you heard the latest in health and wellness? It’s alkaline water and it is taking the world by storm. Not only it is better for hydration than gulping down 64 ounces of regular tap or bottled water, it has a multitude of benefits to help improve and even optimize your health.
	Read more.



	Did you also know that Tyent water ionizers provide the best quality alkaline water available? Tyent USA delivers in all alkaline water categories! 


What are the 21 Top Benefits of Alkaline Water?
  
	Alkaline water, specifically from Tyent USA water ionizers, offers the following benefits over other water sources:


 	
		1.  Ultra-pure – Tyent water ionizers use Ultra filters which are the industry’s best water filtration technology. With .01 microns filtration, the same used in hospital kidney dialysis machines, the Tyent unit removes harmful pathogens, bacteria, viruses, heavy metals, sediment, pesticides and other toxic substances from the water. Tyent water ionizers are also certified as chemical free. 
	

		2.  Alkaline pH – The Tyent water ionizer produces healthy alkaline water to counteract the acidic pH environment wreaking havoc in our bodies from our diet and environmental contaminants. It is an overly acidic pH body that is subject to disease. By drinking alkaline water we can rebalance our body’s pH which has a multitude of benefits that work together to give us better health.
	

		3.  Anti-aging properties – With our lives today we unfortunately ingest and breathe in many toxins that our cells cannot fend off. As a result our bodies under metabolic acidosis which leads to cellular degeneration which, in turn, causes premature aging. Alkaline water improves our body’s pH to more alkaline level while its antioxidant properties neutralize the free radicals causing us to age faster. With the improved hydration of Tyent alkaline water we not only feel great but will look great too. 
		 
			According to the author of “The Water Puzzle and Hexagonal Key”, Dr. Mu Shik Jhon, “Several studies support the premise that consuming alkaline water results in a general slowing of the aging process.”
		

 
		4.  Less Cost – Well, you are probably already flushing money down the proverbial drain with bottled water because someone said that bottled water is better for you. Actually, it’s not that much better for you than regular tap water. Some bottled water companies have recently been outed for outright lying to their consumers and admitted they simply filled the bottles with tap water instead of purified or filtered water. The cost of one bottle of “purified” water ranges from $1.50 to over $2.50 for a 16-20 ounce bottle. However, alkaline water from Tyent water ionizers cost approximately 6 cents per glass. Now that’s change we can believe in!
	

		5.  Energizing – The negative oxidation reduction potential (ORP) found in Tyent alkaline water adds oxygen ions to our cells which results in improved hydration and cellular movement. What does this mean for your energy levels? The additional oxygen energizes our cells which energizes our bodies. Try a tall glass of Tyent alkaline water in the morning instead of cup of “Joe” or a so-called energy drink. You’ll be amazed at how much better you feel. The effects won’t wear off a couple hours later either like caffeinated beverages.
	

		6.  No plastic taste or leached chemicals from plastic –The formation of plastic bottles involves the use of chemicals. There is nothing in the bottles that inhibits the chemicals from leaching from the bottle into your “purified” bottled water. Now you are simply ingesting chemical-laden water which counters the logic behind drinking purified water in the first place. With Tyent alkaline water you know your water is not contaminated with plastic chemicals. 
		
			Need to be able to transport your alkaline water everywhere you go without pouring it into a plastic bottle? Easy! Tyent USA offers the GoodLife water bottles that are 100% BPA-free, non-leaching and toxin-free. Additionally, you can purchase your own portable water alkalizer, called the TyGO, and refill your GoodLife water bottle or regular glass with refreshing alkaline water.
		


		7.  Healthy – Alkaline water is also known as healthy water. Why? Because it removes all the bad stuff permeating your regular water and adds good stuff like antioxidants that rebalance your body’s pH level to counteract and prevent metabolic acidosis which leads to all sorts of issues – premature aging, weight gain, and disease. Tyent alkaline water also increases the oxygen in your body for better hydration. Better hydration equals better health.
		 
			Dr. Alvin Stein, MD and FACS, touts “The beauty of Tyent Water is that it penetrates into the cells and hydrates the cells at the cellular level.”
		

			Designer fitness and nutrition coach, Lorraine Westenberger, acclaims that “Tyent Water is as unique and healthy as my workouts.”
		


		8.  Mineral rich – Two time Nobel Prize winner, Dr. Linus Pauling states that “You can trace every sickness, every disease, and every ailment to a mineral deficiency.” Consuming ionized minerals found in alkaline water is a highly effective way to deliver these minerals to the body for faster absorption. Most filtered or purified water actually remove the minerals that our bodies need, such as magnesium and calcium. Ionized alkaline water filters out the bad stuff while leaving in the good stuff for optimized health.
	

		9.  Healthy immune system support – Tyent ionized alkaline water is full of the antioxidant support your body needs to bolster its immune system. The alkaline water works at the cellular level to repair and rejuvenate the body’s hardest working soldiers – the blood cells. 
		
			For more information on how ionized alkaline water benefits us at the cellular level, check out Dr. Gus Spatharakis’s experiment at  http://vimeo.com/58891080 .
		


		10. Faster exercise recovery times – Exercise drains the body of energy and necessary hydration. Athletes know that their bodies need to recover faster and be stronger each and every time. How do they do that? Mineral-rich Tyent alkaline water rushes hydration to the body for faster recovery times. Just ask professional football player TJ Ward from the Cleveland Browns. He says that “With Tyent Water, my recovery time is much faster and my energy levels have noticeably increased.”
	

		11. Better memory and concentration levels – Ever experience “brain fog”? Most of us have and it only gets worse as we age. The effect of degenerating cells in our bodies doesn’t just mean we appear to age faster and we are more prone to disease. It also impacts our thinking caps – our brains. The antioxidant, alkaline water from Tyent works to repair and protect our bodies at the cellular level, including our brain cells for improved mental acuity and memory. 
		    
			Olu Omoloju boasts that due to Tyent water, “I feel very focused and energetic throughout the entire day…”
		

			Bradford Hall exclaims that with Tyent alkaline water “I have received great benefits in terms of my overall health, mental acuity, and skin appearance.”
		


		12. Hangover relief – Consumption of alkaline water provides fast relief from the damaging effects of alcoholic beverages. How? The better hydration from the extra oxygen ions treats the cause of hangovers – dehydration. As a bonus, regular consumption of alkaline water can prevent hangovers because your body is already super-hydrated and able to fight off the alcohol effects. Now don’t we all wish we had known this in college?
	

		13. No tummy or body bloating – So you drink your 64 ounces of regular water a day. What does that accomplish but a lot of trips to the restroom and that bloated “there’s a water jug in my tummy” feeling? Try doing jumping jacks after consuming a bunch of water. Fun, huh? 
		
			The beauty of Tyent alkaline water is that its busy rushing hydration to your cells, not taking a pit stop in your stomach waiting patiently to be digested and released to your cells. 
		


		14. Rich in antioxidants – Tyent alkaline water is super-rich in antioxidants from its ionization process. The extra oxygen molecules speed hydration and nutrients to your cells, while neutralizing those pesky free radicals. There are more antioxidants in a glass of Tyent water than a glass of orange juice. The negative charged ORP from the Tyent water ionizer gives your alkaline water an antioxidant punch!
	

		15. Weight loss support – Everyone now knows that drinking water is one of the simplest methods to help you lose weight. Did you also know that drinking ionized alkaline water actually speeds up the process? Since the alkaline water is speeding hydration to your cells and helping energize your body, you won’t feel zapped while trying to lose weight so you can do more weight-loss inducing activities like exercising. Additionally, the alkaline water is removing all the toxins in your body that are slowing your metabolism down and making weight loss seem impossible. Tyent alkaline water stimulates your metabolism for easier and faster weight loss.
	

		16. Super charged hydrogen ions – The ionization process with the Tyent system adds hydroxyl ions to your water, which carry more oxygen molecules with an extra electron attached. These ions play a game of Battleship. They seek out free radicals and attack them with the extra electron. The winner in this game is your body as it enjoys the extra oxygen and basks in the defeat of the free radicals.
	

		17. Convenient to carry – Instead of lugging around heavy bottles of water in your constant on-the-go life, you can easily transport your healthy alkaline water in the Tyent GoodLife bottles. Tyent even has a portable water alkalizer called the TyGO that is perfect to carry anywhere for readily available fresh alkaline water.
	
   
		18. Fabulous taste – Seriously, what tastes better than super-pure alkaline water from Tyent? Nothing. It’s crisp and clean. Even actor Evan Ross exclaims “Oh! Tyent Water’s so good.” Want to add a little flavor to your water, try Tyent’s Waterceuticals, AlkaShield and AlkaWake (http://tyentusa.com/waterceuticals#alkashield).
	

		19. Environmentally friendly – Stop filling up landfills with mountains of plastic water bottles! They can really only be recycled so much and eventually end up in landfills and waterways. Instead drink better water, alkaline water from a Tyent water ionizer, in eco-friendly Tyent GoodLife bottles (http://tyentusa.com/products/travels).
	

		20. Better sleep – Seriously we all could use more and better quality sleep. Studies show that a slightly alkaline body sleeps better. While our daily lives lead to a more acidic body, it is logical to deduce that more acidity results in lower energy levels and less quality sleep. Therefore, consumption of alkaline water improves energy levels and lends to better sleep. We all know the difference in our bodies when we don’t have a good night’s sleep. Drinking ionized alkaline water from Tyent can improve our sleep and thus improve our lives while awake. Enjoy the “zzzzzzzz’s”!
	

		21. Enhanced nutrient absorption – The extra oxygen provided by the ionized water from Tyent USA increases our bodies’ ability to properly absorb other nutrients. With the better hydration from alkaline water, our bodies’ ability to speed nutrients to our cells is increased. 
	

   
	Better hydration = better nutrient absorption = better body.


	So What are You Waiting For? Receive the Benefits of Alkaline Water Yourself with a Tyent Water Ionizer


	Really, what’s the hold up? All the above health benefits are awaiting you from a simple change to drinking Tyent alkaline water. Check out all the terrific water ionizer products from Tyent USA and jump start your new improved healthy life with alkaline water! 


	You can also find out more about the benefits of alkaline water and all great Tyent products by joining the Tyent Facebook page or join the Twitter feed athttps://twitter.com/TyentUSA for more information.


	Toast to your new improved and optimized health with a tall glass of fresh, crisp, great-tasting Tyent alkaline water!


	Call our water ionizer experts now and start drinking the best alkaline water right away!
	855-893-6887.

Hide.



 










Tyent Core Value #3
You will be listened to and helped in every way possible by us.





 














 














become a dealer



















Home - Alkaline Water Company
















































Menu







        Alkaline Water Company      





WTER OTCQB
            
            $1.28          











Healthful Hydration
Every bottle delivers finest himalayan salts + minerals in premium 8.8pH alkaline water.  Stay active, balanced and hydrated.  At home or away, drink Alkaline88 on every trek.




 









Essential Products
Healthful hydration for smart consumers
 »







Textbook Difference
Not all waters are made the same
 »







Nationwide Impact
Available in a store near you
 »


 





The Alkaline Water Company
Enjoy the perfect balance of pH Hydration with Alkaline88®. Our state-of-the-art, proprietary electrolysis process is enhanced with trace minerals and electrolytes. Cost-effectively packaged, Alkaline88® delivers 8.8 pH balance as a premier bottled water beverage for every age and lifestyle. Get pH hydrated with Alkaline88.®
Learn more about us




 




  Click a category to view


All
Company News
Industry News
Media News







        Alkaline Water Co. Reports Record Fiscal 2017 Financial Results and Forecasts First Quarter Sales      

        Jul 18, 2017      







        Alkaline Water Co. initiates distribution with Valu Merchandisers Company (VMC)      

        Jun 13, 2017      







        Alkaline Water Co. Achieves Another Record Month with $1.84 Million in Sales      

        Jun 8, 2017      







        Alkaline Water Co. Focuses on Adding National Retailers      

        May 23, 2017      




More

 







      ALL Water is NOT Created Equal    

      Its your body. You pick the fuel. Your water should be more than just filtered and distilled. IT SHOULD BE HEALTHFUL HYDRATION CRAFTED WITH KEY MINERALS AND pH BALANCE!    

Busy lifestyles, keeping fit, staying busy, climbing the next mountain… it all takes effort and sweat. If you’ve been listening to the media, your mom, your coach or darn near anybody else, you already know the value of daily hydration.
But don’t just reach for the next bottle or glass of filtered water. If you want the best for yourself, you should be drinking a premier water designed for today’s lifestyles. Our bodies require balance, and Alkaline88® is exactly that…  a premium drinking water blended with Himalayan minerals and consistently perfect pH alkalinity.
Stay balanced and enjoy. Designed for people who live life. Drink the best.


 





























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


