


John Allison's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up John Allison#408580@john_allison0Following1FollowerFollow0 Upvotes😩No upvotes yet.Share this profile








	John Allison | Directory | McCombs School of Business































































skip main site navigation
go to current site section navigation























                                The University of Texas at Austin
                            
                                McCombs School of Business
                            
                                Faculty/Staff Directory
                            





















Faculty/Staff Directory

















Search




























                            Directory | Profiles



Home ·
Directory ·
Profiles ·
John Allison 




DirectoryProfilesJohn Allison






Find People by Name





View Advanced Search Options

Hide Advanced Search Options

View People by Department


Accounting

AIM Investment Center

BBA Program Office

Business Affairs

Business, Government and Society

Center for Business, Technology and Law

Center for Customer Insight and Marketing Solution

Center for Energy Finance

Center for Global Business

Center for Research in Electronic Commerce

Center for Risk Mgmt and Insurance

Communications

Development and External Relations

Energy Management and Innovation Center

Executive Education Programs

Finance

Financial Education and Research Center

Health Care Initiative

Herb Kelleher Center for Entrepreneurship

Hispanic Leadership Initiative

HMTF Center for Private Equity

Information Management

Information, Risk, and Operations Mgmt.

Management

Marketing

MBA Program Office

MSB Computer Services

MSB Media Services

Office of the Dean

Peterson Research Initiatives

Real Estate Finance and Investment Center

Recruitment Services

Social Innovation@McCombs Initiative

Supply Chain Management Center of Excellence



View People by Areas

Industry Area:

-Select Industry Area-
Accounting - Government
Accounting - Non-Profit
Advertising
Airlines
Application Service Providers (ASPs)
Artificial Intelligence
Automobile Industry
Banking
Bankruptcy
Biotechnology
Budget
Business Decision Making
Business Etiquette and Attire
Business Law
Business Management
Business Statistics
Business Value of IT
Capital Markets
Chemicals
Computer Networks
Computer Systems
Consulting
Consumer Behavior
Consumer Products
Corporate Litigation Damages
Corporate Restructuring
Corporate Valuation
Credit Card
Credit Risk
Customer Insight
Database Management
Decision Support Systems
Defense
Digital Imaging
Dot-com Industry
E-Business
E-Commerce
Education
Electric Utilities
Electrical Equipment
Electronic Publishing
Electronics Manufacturing
Emerging Markets
Energy
Entertainment
Entrepreneurship
Entrepreneurship & Sustainability
Environmental Law
Environmental Studies
Executive Compensation
Executive Education
Executive Search
Fast Food
Fiber Optics
Financial Institutions
Financial Risk Management
Financial Services
Food
Food Processing
Forest Products
Franchising
Fundamental Analysis
Furniture
Global Competition
Global Financial Markets
Global Sourcing
Grocery
Healthcare
Healthcare Communications
High Technology
Home Appliances
Hotels & Motels
Human Relations
Human Resources Management
Industrial Goods
Industrial Organization
Information Costs
Information Technology
Innovation & Institutions
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Internal Auditing
International Business
International Finance
Internet Stocks
Investment Banking
Investment Management
IT in Emerging Economies
Journalism
Legal Services
Legal Statistics
Logistics
Management Consulting
Management Control Systems
Manufacturing
Market Structures
Marketing Industry
Marketing Management
Marketing Metrics
Marketing Strategy
M-Business
Media
Mergers and Acquisitions
Microfinance
Mining
Music
Music Industry and the Web
Mutual Fund Flows
Nonprofit Industry
Oil & Gas
Organizational Innovation
Paper
Petrochemicals
Petroleum
Pharmaceuticals
Photography
Plastics
Portfolio Management
Printing
Private Equity and Commercial Banking
Private Equity Markets
Procurement/Materials Management
Product Development
Production/Inventory Control
Public Policy
Publishing Industry
Railroad
Real Estate
Recreation
Regional Economy
Restaurant
Retail
Retail Financial Services
Rubber
Scientific & Technical Writing
Securities Law
Security Valuation and Analysis
Semiconductors
Service Industries
Services
Shipbuilding
Small Businesses
Soft Drink
Software
Speech Communication
Sports
State Government
Statistical Evidence Case Testimony
Steel
Strategic Alliances
Strategic Management
Supply Chain Management
Systems Integration
Systems Thinking
Tax - Portfolio Choices
Taxation - Corporate
Taxation - Individual
Technology & Innovation Mgmt
Technology Commercialization
Technology Markets
Telecommunication
Textiles
Tobacco
Tourism
Transaction Costs
Transportation
Travel
Trucking
Venture Capital
Virtual Communities
Web Personalization
Whole Sale


* industry area is required


Research Area:

-Select Research Area-
Accounting - Government
Accounting - Non-Profit
Accounting Regulation and Liability
Accounting-Cost
Accounting-Education
Accounting-Financial
Accounting-Managerial
Advertising
Affect and Decision Making
Agency Theory
Application Service Providers (ASPs)
Artificial Intelligence
Asset Pricing
Auditing
Austin/Texas Economy
B-2-B
Banking
Bayesian Methods
Behavioral Decision Theory
Behavioral Finance
Brand Management
Business Communication
Business Cycles
Business Ethics
Business Law
Business Valuation
Business Value of IT
Capital Markets
Capital Structure
Change Management
Changing & Unpredictable Contexts
Clicks and Mortars
Collaboration
Compensation
Compliance
Computational Economics
Computer Simulation
Consumer Behavior
Control Systems
Corporate Diversification
Corporate Diversification, Mergers, Acquisitions, and Divestitures
Corporate Governance
Corporate Social Responsibility
Corporate Strategy
Cost Management
Credit Risk
Crisis Management
Cross-Listing
Customer Insight
Customer Relationship Management
Database Management
Decision Support Systems
Decision Theory
Demography
Derivatives
Digital Commerce
Digital Piracy
Dispute Resolution
Distribution Channels
Diversity
Divestitures
E-Business
E-Commerce
Econometrics
Economic Development
Economic Growth
Economic History
Economics
Economics of Law
E-Government
Empirical Methods
Energy Finance
Enterprise System Management
Entrepreneurship
Environmental Law
Equilibrium Asset Pricing
Ethics
Executive Compensation
Finance - Corporate
Finance - Marketing
Finance - Operations
Financial Analysts
Financial Asset Pricing
Financial Reporting
Financial Statement Analysis
Firm Value
Franchising
Fraud
Game Theory
Gender
Global Financial Markets
Global Sourcing
Governance
Governmental Regulation
Healthcare
Healthcare Management
Hedonic and Utilitarian Consumption
High Technology Markets
Highly Dynamic Environments
Highly Dynamic Markets
Human Resource Management
Industrial Organization
Information Costs
Information Economics
Information Systems
Information Technology Governance
Informational Asymmetry
Innovation & Institutions
Institutional Investors
Intellectual Property Rights
Interest Rates
Interface between Finance and Mkt/Ops
International Business
International Finance
Internet Governance and Law
Investment Management
Investments
Investor and Security Analyst Judgment and Decision Making
Investor Behavior
IT in Emerging Economics
Judgment and Decision Making
Knowledge Management
Labor Markets
Large Scale Optimization
Latin American Business
Leadership
Macro-Environmental Analysis
Management - Change
Management - Diversity
Management Control Systems
Management Disclosure
Management Science
Managerial, Group, & Org Decision Making
Managing Knowledge
Managing Knowledge Workers
Manufacturing
Market Efficiency
Marketing - Management
Marketing Communication
Marketing Law
Marketing Metrics
Marketing Models
Marketing Strategy
Markets
M-Business
Mergers and Acquisitions
Mutual Fund Flows
Mutual Funds
Network Design
New Product Development
Online Social Networks
Operations Management
Operations Research
Optimization
Option Pricing
Organization
Organizational Behavior
Organizational Change and Redesign
Organizational Corruption
Organizational Culture
Organizational Design
Organizational Identification Processes
Organizational Identity
Organizational Innovation
Organizational Learning & Change
Organizational Reputation
Outsourcing Business Process
Ownership Structure
Prediction Markets
Private Equity & Commercial Banking
Private Equity Markets
Probability and Statistics
Process Improvement/Redesign
Product Diffusion
Product Strategy
Psychology and Law
Public Policy
Quality Management
Real Estate
Real Estate Finance
Regional Economy
Research Methodology
Risk Management
Role of Chief Executive Officer
Securities Law
Security Market Valuation
Service Management
Social Networks
Social Responsibility
Software Management
Statement Analysis
Statistical Analysis
Strategic Alliances
Strategic Decision-Making
Strategic Management
Strategic Performance Management
Strategy
Strategy Implementation
Supply Chain Management
System Dynamics
Systems Thinking and Organizations
Tariffs
Tax
Tax - Arbitrage
Tax - Portfolio Choices
Taxation
Taxation - Corporate
Taxation - Individual
Technology & Innovation Mgmt
Technology Commercialization
Telecommunications
The New Economy
Top Management Teams
Transaction Costs
Transportation
User-Generated Contents
Valuation
Value Creation
Venture Capital
Virtual Communities
Voluntary Disclosure
Workplace Environment


* research area is required

Current McCombs School of Business Faculty or staff?
            Login to update your profile.








Faculty/Staff Directory




John Allison


john.allison@mccombs.utexas.edu
                    CBA 5.202 (512-471-9435)
                

                    CBA 5.246 
                



Vita






Professor

Department
Business, Government and Society




Industry Areas:

Information Technology

Software



Research Areas:

Intellectual Property Rights







Bio

Publications

Awards


Biography
Allison, John R.  Mary John and Ralph Spence Centennial Professor of 
Business Administration, Department of Business, Government and Society.  John Allison received his J.D. from Baylor University with highest honors and was Editor-in-Chief of the Law Review. His primary research interests include the empirical study of patents, patent systems, and patent litigation.  His primary teaching interests include patents, trade secrets, copyrights, and trademarks.


Publications
John R. Allison, Mark A. Lemley,  and David L. Schwartz. 2016. How Often Do Nonpracticing Entitles win Infringement Cases. Berkeley Technology Law Journal , forthcoming.John R. Allison. 2016. Patent Law’s Disclosure Requirements: Enablement and Written Description, in Patent Law Cases and Text, LawCarta Publishers, Inc. forthcoming.John R. Allison. 2016. Patent Value, in IP Handbook of Law & Economics, forthcoming.John R. Allison and Lisa Larrimore Ouelette. 2016. How Courts Adjudicate Patent Definiteness and Disclosure. Duke Law Journal 65(4), 609-695.John R. Allison, Mark A. Lemley,  and David L. Schwartz. 2015. Our Divided Patent System. University of Chicago Law Review 82(3), 1073-1154.John R. Allison, Mark A. Lemley,  and David L. Schwartz. 2014. Understanding the Realities of Modern Patent Litigation. Texas Law Review 92(7), 1769-1801.John R. Allison, Arti K. Rai,  and Bhaven Sampat. 2014. University Software: Patents, Open Source, and Commercialization, in Perspectives on Commercializing Innovation, F. Scott Kieff, and Troy A. Paredes, eds. Cambridge University Press.John R. Allison, Emerson Tiller,  and Samantha Zyontz. 2012. Patent Litigation and the Internet. Stanford Technology Law Review 3.John R. Allison and Joshua W. Walker. 2011. Patent Quality and Settlement Among Repeat Patent Litigants. Georgetown Law Journal 99, 677-712.John R. Allison, Mark A. Lemley,  and Joshua W. Walker. 2010. Extreme Value or Trolls on Top? Characteristics of the Most-Litigated Patents. University of Pennsylvania Law Review 158, 1-37.Arti K. Rai, John R. Allison,  and Bhaven Sampat. 2009. University Software Ownership and Litigation: A First Examination. North Carolina Law Review 87, 1519-1570.John R. Allison and Ronald J. Mann. 2008. The Disputed Value of Software Patents. Washington University Law Review 85(2), 297-342.John R. Allison, Abe Dunn,  and Ronald J. Mann. 2007. Software Patents, Incumbents, and Entry. Texas Law Review 85, 1579-1625.John R. Allison and Mark A. Lemley. 2007. The (Unnoticed) Death of the Doctrine of Equivalents. Stanford Law Review 59, 955-984.John R. Allison and Thomas W. Sager. 2007. Valuable Patents Redux: On the Enduring Merits of Using Patent Characteristics to Identify Valuable Patents. TEXAS LAW REVIEW 85, 1769-1797.John R. Allison and Starling Hunter. 2006. On the Feasibility of Reforming Patent Quality One Technology at a Time: The Case of Business Methods. Berkeley Technology Law Journal 21, 729-794.Robert A. Prentice and John R. Allison. 2005. Business Law: Text and Cases in the Legal Environment. Thomson Custom Publishing.John R. Allison, Mark A. Lemley, Kimberly A. Moore,  and R. Derek Trunkey. 2004. Valuable Patents. Georgetown Law Journal 92, 435-479.John R. Allison and Emerson H. Tiller. 2003. Internet Business Method Patents, in Patents in the Knowledge-Based Economy, Wesley M. Cohen, and Stephen A. Merrill, eds. Washington, D.C.: National Academies of Sciences, 259-280.John R. Allison and Emerson H. Tiller. 2003. The Business Method Patent Myth. Berkeley Technology Law Journal 18, 987-1084.John R. Allison and Robert A. Prentice. 2002. Business Law: Text and Cases in the Regulatory Environment 5th Custom Edition 2003. Cincinnati, OH: International Thomson Custom Learning.John R. Allison and Emerson H. Tiller. 2002. Internet Business Method Patents. Texas Business Review, 1-3.John R. Allison and Mark A. Lemley. 2002. The Growing Complexity of the United States Patent System. Boston University Law Review 82, 77.John R. Allison. 2000. Five Ways to Keep Disputes Out of Court. Harvard Business Review on Negotiation and Conflict Resolution 68, 166-177.John R. Allison and Mark A. Lemley. 2000. How Federal Circuit Judges Vote in Patent Validity Cases. Florida State University Law Review 27, 745-766.John R. Allison and Mark A. Lemley. 2000. Who's Patenting What? An Empirical Exploration of Patent Prosecution. Vanderbilt Law Review 53, 2099-2174.John R. Allison and Mark A. Lemley. 2000. Who's Patenting What? An Empirical Exploration of Patent Prosecution. Vanderbilt Law Review 53, 2099-2174.John R. Allison and Lianlian Lin. 1999. The Evolution of Chinese Attitudes Toward Property Rights in Invention and Discovery. University of Pennsylvania Journal of International Economic Law 20, 735-792.John R. Allison and Mark A. Lemley. 1998. Empirical Evidence on the Validity of Litigated Patents. American Intellectual Property Law Association Quarterly Journal 26, 185-277.



Professional Awards Ralph C. Hoeber Award for Excellence in Research, article in American Business Law Journal1995Teaching Awards Outstanding Faculty Member, MSSTC Program, IC2 Institute2004







Print this page


Page last updated: 7/23/2017








Programs

Texas MBA Master of Business Administration
Texas EMBA Executive MBA
Texas MPA Master in Professional Accounting
Texas MSBA Master of Science in Business Analytics
Texas MSF Master of Science in Finance
Texas MSITM Master of Science in IT Management
Texas MSM Master of Science in Marketing
Texas MSTC Master of Science in Technology Commercialization
Texas BBA Bachelor of Business Administration
Texas BHP Business Honors Program
Business Foundations For non-business majors
Executive Education
PhD



Departments

Accounting
Business, Government & Society
Finance
Information, Risk, & Operations Management
Management
Marketing

Research
Centers & Initiatives
Faculty
Texas Enterprise


Events at McCombs
Alumni
Corporate and Foundation Relations
Invest in McCombs

Career Services
Hire at McCombs

Communications & Media Relations
Media Services
Tech Support


Resource Links


Intranet


Canvas


McCombs Online Resources (MOR)


Webmail


Blogs & Social Media


McCombs Blogs

Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn

Directory
Contact Us
By phone: (512) 471-5921

                        Address:
                           2110 Speedway, B6000
                           Austin, TX 78705
                          Map

Privacy Policy
Accessibility Policy






                ©2017
McCombs School of Business, 
                        The University of Texas at Austin | 
                        Contact Us

















Allison, John                                                                                                            - Pontiac                                           , IL         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



IL



Pontiac



Corn



Corn



                            Allison, John
                                    



 





















A 


Allison, John                                                                                                           
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



15457 N 1800 EAST RD PONTIAC, IL 61764
Get Directions



(815) 842-1809
 





Business Info



 Founded 1946
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $55,046.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Corn
 Contacts John Allison                                                                                                            







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Allison, John                                                                                                            is located at 15457 N 1800 East Rd in Pontiac and has been in the business of Corn since 1946. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







A

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















John Allison's profile on Product Hunt




























Product HuntThe best new products, every dayAsk●|Log InSign up MJohn Allison#3183@jrallisonCTO, Customer.iomedium.com/@jrallison51Following225FollowersFollow6 UpvotesCustomer.io Slack ActionSend notifications into Slack, based on user activityMarketing+ 3 save 74 15Customer.io ActionsSend messages across any channel - from push to postcardsDeveloper Tools+ 4 save 307 23Packs by StartupThreadsCustom swag packs, assembled and delivered automaticallyTech+ 2 save 756 39LeCollektor HoodiesHoodies with interchangeable hoods from top street artistsTech+ 1 save 124 4Email InsightsSee and track your competitors' emailTech save 189 17Customer.ioSend email based on what people do (or don't do) in your appTech save 161 8Share this profile








white, gray, black and yellow ceramic... in Welland - letgoSearch
                      Send me the App
                    Log InSell Your Stuff
            Home
          
              Ontario
            
              Welland
            
              Other
            White, Gray, Black And Yellow Ceramic ContainerThis product has been soldwhite, gray, black and yellow ceramic containerSoldBrowse similar products. Load moreOops! We don't have any more products to show.Log in or create your account on letgo Discover Sell Your Stuff  FAQ
                              Use the letgo app and post a product in a snap!
                            
                                  letgo app
                Download from Google PlayDownload from the App Store Facebook An error occurred while logging in with Facebook. Please try again. Google An error occurred while logging in with Google. Please try again.OR USE YOUR EMAILSign UpLog InPlease enter a valid email address.Please enter a valid password. It must be between 4 and 20 characters.Please enter a username.Sign Up
                                By clicking on "Sign up", you agree to the letgo Terms & Conditions and Privacy PolicyPlease enter a valid email address.Please enter a valid password. It must be between 4 and 20 characters.Remember meLog InForgot your password?Enter your email address and we’ll send you a link to download the free appPlease enter a valid email address.Send


	Corporate Leadership







































































 Choose your region + Language  North America  English   Central + South America  English Spanish / EspaÑol Portuguese / PortuguÊs     Europe + Middle East + Africa  English Spanish / EspaÑol Italian / Italiano French / FRANÇAIS Russian / русский German / Deutsch Turkish / TÜrkÇe   Asia Pacific  English KOREAN / 영-한 사전 MANDARIN / 英汉词典 JAPANESE / 英和辞書     






Allison Transmission














Home/ Company/ Corporate Leadership





Corporate Leadership





Lawrence E. Dewey - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer

Lawrence E. Dewey has served as a director of Allison Transmission Holdings Inc. since August 2007. Mr. Dewey, age 60, joined Allison in February 1989. Mr. Dewey currently serves as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Allison and has served in that capacity since January 2016. Prior to that, Mr. Dewey served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer since the sale of Allison in August 2007. Prior to the sale, Mr. Dewey served in various capacities at Allison, including as President of Allison, a role he assumed in 2000; worldwide Director of Marketing, Sales and Service, Managing Director of Allison Transmission Europe, B.V., based in The Netherlands; Central Region (U.S.) Sales Manager; Marketing Manager; Manager of Aftermarket Products; and Production Manager. From 2003 until 2007, concurrent with his role as President of Allison, he took on the responsibilities of Group Director of Marketing, Sales, Brand Management and Customer Support for General Motors Powertrain group. Before joining Allison, Mr. Dewey held several positions of increasing responsibility in General Motors’ Diesel Equipment Division and Rochester Products Division. He began his career in 1974 as a General Motors co-op student at General Motors Institute (now Kettering University), graduating summa cum laude. Mr. Dewey earned his Master in Business Administration with honors from the Harvard Graduate School of Business.



David S. Graziosi - President & Chief Financial Officer
Mr. Graziosi serves as President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary, a position he has held since January 2016. Prior to that he had served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary since joining Allison in November 2007. Before joining Allison, between 2006 and 2007, Mr. Graziosi served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Covalence Specialty Materials Corporation. Prior to joining Covalence Specialty Materials Corporation, Mr. Graziosi held various positions in the industry, including as Vice President of Finance Precursors and Epoxy Resins at Hexion Specialty Chemicals, Inc. from 2005 to 2006 and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Resolution Performance Products LLC from 2004 to 2005. Prior to that, he served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of General Chemical Industrial Products Inc., as Finance Director of GenTek Inc., and as Internal Audit Director and Assistant Corporate Controller at Sun Chemical Group B.V. Mr. Graziosi is also a Certified Public Accountant and a Certified Information Systems Auditor (non-practicing). 



G. Frederick Bohley - Vice President, Finance
& Treasurer
Frederick Bohley began his career at Allison Transmission in 1991 with the Finance department where he held positions of increasing responsibility, including General Accountant, Tax Specialist, Internal Auditor, Plant Analyst, Manager of Manufacturing Analysis, and Manager of Financial Planning and Analysis.
In 2001, Mr. Bohley joined Marketing, Sales and Service where he held the position of National Account Executive. In 2003, he relocated to Sao Paulo, Brazil as Director of Latin American Operations and he returned in 2006 as Director of International Marketing and Business Planning. In October 2007, following Allison’s divestiture from General Motors, Mr. Bohley rejoined the Finance department and was promoted to Executive Director of Financial Planning and Analysis, Pricing and International Finance. He added Investor Relations to his responsibilities in January 2013 and Business Planning in August 2014. He was promoted to Vice President, with the added responsibility of the treasury department, in March 2016 and became Treasurer in July 2017.
Mr. Bohley holds a bachelor’s degree in business, with majors in accounting and finance, from the Kelley School of Business at Indiana University.



Robert M. Clark III - Vice President, Marketing & Sales for Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia-Pacific

Robert (Skip) Clark began his career with General Motors as a co-op student and went on to serve in a variety of roles of increasing responsibility with several GM divisions. In 2002, he joined Allison Transmission as a Product Team Leader for the 3000/4000 Series™. In 2003, he joined Marketing, Sales and Service as Regional Director for Europe, Middle East and Africa, based in the Netherlands, and in 2004 was promoted to Managing Director for Europe, the Middle East and Africa. In 2012, Mr. Clark was named Managing Director for Asia-Pacific, based in Singapore. He was promoted to Vice President in March 2016.
Mr. Clark holds a bachelor’s degree in industrial engineering from Purdue University, and a MBA from the Darden School of Business at the University of Virginia.



John M. Coll - Senior Vice President, Global Marketing, Sales & Service

Mr. Coll joined Allison as Senior Vice President, Global Marketing, Sales and Service in October 2016. Prior to joining Allison, Mr. Coll was Vice Present of Sales and Marketing at Gerdau Ameristeel U.S. from January 2015 to October 2016. Prior to that, Mr. Coll served fourteen years at Eaton Corp., most recently as Vice President of Global Marketing for the vehicle group from January 2011 to January 2015. Prior to that, he held a number of other roles at Eaton, including Director of Global Channel Marketing for Eaton Electrical, General Manager of Aftermarket and Vehicle Solutions for Truck Components and Vice President of Sales and Marketing for Truck Components. Prior to joining Eaton, Mr. Coll served thirteen years at Philips Electronics in a variety of sales and distributor relations roles. Mr. Coll earned a bachelor’s degree in business administration from West Virginia University and a master in business administration from the University of Pittsburgh.



Michael A. Dick - Senior Vice President, Operations & Purchasing

Mr. Dick has served as Senior Vice President of Operations and Purchasing since January 2016, with worldwide responsibility for manufacturing, global supply chain, manufacturing engineering and facilities. He had most recently been Vice President of Purchasing, Supplier Quality and Manufacturing Engineering since August 2012. Mr. Dick joined Allison Transmission in July 2006 and previously served in two other key executive positions. As Executive Director of Operations and Plant Manager for the 1000/2000 Series™ manufacturing facility in Indianapolis, a position Mr. Dick held from July 2006 through December 2007, his team significantly improved in the manufacturing cost per unit, hours per unit, customer pulls and customer complaint parts per million (PPM). As Executive Director of Manufacturing Engineering, a position he held from January 2008 through July 2012, Mr. Dick and the manufacturing engineering team were responsible for the successful launch of the assembly plant in Chennai, India and the relocation of the 3000/4000 Series™ assembly operations to Szentgotthárd, Hungary. Prior to joining Allison, Mr. Dick worked for the New Venture Gear Corp. (a joint venture between General Motors and Chrysler) where he served as the Vice President and Division Manager. In this role, he and his team took a business that had been losing money for a decade and made it profitable. Mr. Dick holds a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering technology from Purdue University.



Thomas D. Eifert – Vice President, Program Management & Mobile Source Emissions

Mr. Eifert began his career with General Motors in 1989 as a co-op student and served in a variety of roles with Delphi Automotive. He joined Allison Transmission in 1996 as part of Supplier Quality and a member of the 1000/2000 Series™ launch team. Over the course of his career, Mr. Eifert has worked in different areas of the business, including Purchasing, Business Planning, and Engineering. In 2007, as part of Marketing Sales and Service, he was promoted to Executive Director of Customer Support. In 2013, Mr. Eifert rejoined Engineering as the TC10® Product Team leader at launch. He then assumed a cross-functional leadership role to define, plan and implement product initiatives for On-Highway Products Team, the Controls System Team, and most recently, the Off-Highway Products Team. Mr. Eifert was promoted to Vice President of Program Management and Mobile Source Emissions in April 2017. He graduated from the University of Dayton with a degree in mechanical engineering and earned an MBA from Butler University.



Mary Anne M. Hoffman - Vice President, Human Resources

Mary Anne Hoffman joined Allison Transmission in August 2012 and was initially responsible for international human resources, as well as employee training and development activities. She was promoted to vice president in January 2015. Prior to joining Allison, Ms. Hoffman spent 12 years in human resources for Ford Motor Co. in Indianapolis. Her responsibilities included hiring employees during their expansion, developing a manpower planning process, managing labor relations, and health and safety activities. Ms. Hoffman earned a bachelor’s degree, cum laude, from the University of Notre Dame and a master’s degree in business administration from Miami (Ohio) University. She has also received a Certificate in Business and Executive Coaching from the University of Texas and designation as a Certified Labor Relations Professional (CLRP) from Michigan State University. Additionally, Ms. Hoffman holds the Senior Professional in Human Resources (SPHR) designation and is a Master Practitioner for Myers-Briggs.



Randall R. Kirk - Senior Vice President, Product Engineering & Product Teams

Mr. Kirk joined Allison in May 1976 and serves as Senior Vice President, Product Engineering and Product Teams, a position he has held since August 2014. At the beginning of his career at Allison, he served in a number of roles with increasing responsibility in the Operations and Quality organizations, including Supervisor, General Supervisor, Production Superintendent, Quality/Reliability Manager, and a dual role as Manager of Manufacturing Engineering and Quality and Divisional Program Manager. From 1997 until 2001, Mr. Kirk assumed the responsibilities of Product Team Leader for several product lines. He then served as Director of Customer Support in Marketing, Sales and Service from 2001 until 2007. From 2007 until 2009, Mr. Kirk was Executive Director of the Transition Program Manager Office, leading a cross-functional team with responsibilities for the separation from General Motors. Following the divestiture in 2009, he was appointed as Vice President, Product Engineering before his promotion to Senior Vice President, Product Engineering and Product Teams in August 2014.



Dana J.H. Pittard - Vice President, Defense Programs

Mr. Pittard joined Allison Transmission in October 2015 as Deputy Vice President of Defense Programs. He was promoted to Vice President, Defense Programs in January 2016. Mr. Pittard retired from the U.S. Army in the grade of Major General (2 Star) after 34 years of active duty. He has commanded Armor and Infantry units at every level from platoon to Division, including command of the 1st Armored Division. His service included multiple combat tours. Mr. Pittard brings a wealth of experience in combat vehicle technology and a deep understanding of the Department of Defense and congressional budget processes. He served as the Director of Operations for the Army Training and Doctrine Command, the organization responsible for defining requirements for combat vehicles. As the commander of Fort Bliss, Texas from 2010 to 2013, he transformed the post into one of the largest operational training installations in the Army, and was responsible for a community of over 100,000 soldiers, civilians and family members.



Dean E. Ranalli - Vice President, Information Systems and Services & Chief Information Officer

Dean Ranalli joined Allison Transmission in May 2011 as Director of Global IT Infrastructure and Operations. He was promoted to vice president in January 2015. Prior to joining Allison, Mr. Ranalli was a Global Services Manager with Alcatel-Lucent in Pittsburgh, where he was responsible for IT operations for the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center's voice, data and wireless networks. Mr. Ranalli also previously worked for Advanticom in Pittsburgh, where he held positions of increasing responsibility including Project Manager, Operations Manager, and Director of Professional Services. He holds a bachelor’s degree from Indiana University of Pennsylvania.



Paul A. Richardson - Executive Director, Quality & Reliability

Paul Richardson joined Allison Transmission in June 1980 as a co-op student. Over the course of his career, he has held positions of increasing responsibility with various groups in Product Engineering, including Commercial Products, Military Applications, Advanced Engineering, and Embedded Controls. Prior to being promoted to his current position, Paul had served as Executive Director of Analysis, Development and Validation (ADV) Engineering and Engineering Services. Paul graduated from General Motors Institute (now Kettering University) in 1985 with a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering. He earned a master's degree in mechanical engineering in 1991 and in business administration (MBA) in 2003, both from Purdue University.



Heidi K. Schutte - Vice President, Marketing & Sales for the Americas

Heidi Schutte began her career with Allison Transmission as an intern in 1991 and as a full-time employee in 1992 with the Aftermarket and ReTran® group in Marketing, Sales and Service. Following a transfer to General Motors’ Saturn Corp. in 1994, she returned to Allison in 2000 as a Marketing Brand Manager for the 1000/2000 Series™. 
More recently, following positions of increasing responsibility, Ms. Schutte was promoted to Director of Regional Sales for North America in 2009 and Executive Director, Regional Sales in 2010. In 2014, she was named Executive Director, North American Sales as her role was expanded to include National Accounts. Later that year, Ms. Schutte was named Executive Director, North American Sales and OEM Accounts. She was promoted to Vice President in March 2016.
Ms. Schutte holds a bachelor’s degree in business management from Purdue University.



Eric C. Scroggins - Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary

Mr. Scroggins joined Allison as Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary in December 2007 and has served in that position since then. He is responsible for advising our Board and leadership team on legal and business matters, managing our legal affairs and overseeing our Export Compliance, Corporate Affairs and Communications and Internal Audit organizations. Prior to joining Allison, Mr. Scroggins served as General Counsel for Product Action International LLC and was an attorney with the law firm of Ice Miller LLP. Prior to joining Ice Miller LLP, Mr. Scroggins worked for the State of Indiana, serving in various roles with the Indiana State Personnel Department, including Deputy Director.



Teresa J. van Niekerk - Vice President,  Purchasing & Supplier Quality

Teresa van Niekerk joined Allison Transmission in October 2012 as Managing Director of Purchasing and was promoted to Executive Director of Purchasing in December 2014. Most recently, she was promoted to Vice President of Purchasing and Supplier Quality in January 2016.
During her time at Allison, Ms. van Niekerk has spearheaded significant organizational restructuring efforts. These activities include complex contract management strategy, business case development and assessment, sourcing implementation, raw material management, formal supplier development agreements, and monthly accrual management.
Prior to joining Allison, Ms. van Niekerk held operational responsibility for Navistar Truck Division’s purchasing group where she managed all areas of global and domestic sourcing, contract negotiations and procurement of commercial vehicle and automotive components, and engineered systems. She holds a bachelor’s degree in management from Indiana Wesleyan University.

























John Allison's Unconventional Wisdom about the Financial Crisis - The Undercurrent

















































 











 Welcome to The Undercurrent
 







 




 

 


















   















































































 




 


 





 






 John Allison’s Unconventional Wisdom about the Financial Crisis

Business & Economics, Fall 2012 






 

By
Carl Svanberg




		December 14, 2012			

 
















What caused the financial crisis? Here’s one answer, representing conventional wisdom: “[W]e had weak regulation, we had little oversight, and what did it get us? . . . [A] financial sector where irresponsibility and lack of basic oversight nearly destroyed our entire economy.” That, of course, is President Obama laying the blame for the financial crisis on the free market. But does it make sense? Is it true? No, argues John A. Allison in his new book The Financial Crisis and The Free Market Cure: Why Pure Capitalism is the World Economy’s Only Hope.
There are other books on the financial crisis. Why, then, bother with this one? The answer is its author: few people have greater understanding of the financial crisis than John Allison. Mr. Allison has almost 40 years’ worth of experience in banking, including 19 years as the CEO for BB&T. During his time as CEO, BB&T’s assets grew from $4.5 billion to $152 billion. This made it into one of the largest banks in the US. It’s no mystery that he made it onto Harvard Business Review‘s list of the top 100 most successful CEOs in the world. His widely recognized achievements and understanding of the free market were both reasons he recently became the new president of the CATO Institute.
Mr. Allison’s experience in banking, particularly during the financial crisis, lends him credibility when he identifies government interference in the economy as the basic cause of the financial crisis. Indeed, BB&T didn’t engage in subprime lending precisely because Mr. Allison early on recognized subprime loans as a hazardous product of a banking system thoroughly distorted by regulations. As a matter of fact, Allison deems banking to be one of the most regulated industries in America—the primary regulator being the Federal Reserve.
The Federal Reserve is the central bank of the United States, a government entity whose authority to regulate interest rates, by increasing or decreasing the money supply, is enforced by the Federal Reserve Act of 1913. The Federal Reserve laid the foundation for the housing bubble in the early 2000s by keeping interest rates artificially low and thereby making borrowing unusually affordable. For a while interest rates were actually lower than the general rise in prices; in effect, people got paid to borrow money. No wonder, then, that people were eagerly taking on unprecedented levels of mortgage debt.
On the premise that homeownership was a “right,” government-sponsored entities Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac guaranteed loans for as many Americans as possible, including low-income families with little or no credit. Freddie and Fannie thereby created a new and growing market for these so-called subprime loans—precisely the sort of loans BB&T refused to give. Freddie and Fannie ended up guaranteeing loans worth trillions of dollars. Consequently, millions of Americans, including many low-income families, jumped on the homeownership bandwagon and began bidding up prices for houses. The housing bubble was born.
Other forms of government interference contributed to inflating the housing bubble. Allison cites, among others, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. The FDIC encouraged banks to act irresponsibly by helping them realize that the government wouldn’t allow them to fail. For the same reason, most people wouldn’t and didn’t consider the reputation, track record or financial status of their banks. And while the FDIC encouraged some banks to act irresponsibly, the Community Reinvestment Act forced other banks to lend to low-income families who wouldn’t normally be able to afford it.
Fearing that they had already expanded the monetary supply too much, the Federal Reserve then raised the interest rates in 2004-2006. As expected, those who had been thinking about buying a house gave up that idea, because they now couldn’t afford a mortgage loan. For the same reason, many who for a time had been able to afford their mortgage loan were now instead forced to sell their house. Housing demand fell and so did housing prices: the housing bubble burst. The economy as a whole lost trillions of dollars. Soon, defaults on loans led to failed banks. This was the beginning of a long chain of events, leading up to the Great Recession.
So much for the assertion that the financial crisis was caused by the lack of regulations and government oversight. The free market isn’t to blame, since there is no free market to blame. The “fingerprints” of the real culprit—the government—are all over the place.
What, then, is the cure to our current predicament? A major part of the solution is to get the government out of banking. The Fed should not have the power to distort the interest rates by artificially increasing or decreasing the money supply. Interest rates should instead be determined by the market. The government shouldn’t guarantee loans or force banks to give loans to people with bad credit. Instead, the rational judgment and self-interest of the bankers—not anyone’s need or desire for a house—should determine who will get a loan for a house and under what conditions. Furthermore, the government should not insure anyone’s deposits. Each person should protect his deposit with his own rational judgment. If banks aren’t trustworthy, no one will deal with them and competing banks will win their business instead. This means that banks will have to earn the trust of their customers by spending years of building up a spotless reputation. Banks should not be bailed out by the government. If they make mistakes or act irrationally, they suffer the consequence, not the taxpayers. This will encourage banks to act more rationally with regard to their long-range profit. The solution is, in other words: free banking. As expected, the very market forces which deliver the goods in every other industry, will also deliver the goods in the banking industry.
Allison’s analysis doesn’t stop at politics and economics. He goes deeper, arguing that the fundamental cause of the financial crisis is our society’s moral code. Most people think of homeownership as a desirable thing. Indeed, it’s regarded as a part of the American dream; it’s sometimes even regarded as a “right.” It is thought that we have a moral duty to sacrifice ourselves for the needy because they are needy. Therefore, the government should help the poor and needy, to get a loan for a house. That’s how we ended up with Freddie and Fannie. It’s also worth noting that the various government interventions intended to help the poor buying a house probably hurt the intended beneficiaries the most, by creating the very financial crisis which left them and millions of Americans buried in debt as well as facing the risk of losing their jobs and home.
John Allison’s book is, to conclude, both enlightening and entertaining. Being packed with examples tied to the wider principles of politics, economics and philosophy, the book delivers a uniquely inductive, and for that very reason, unusually compelling case for the free market. While you may not end up agreeing with the author, you will appreciate the book for encouraging you to question your own beliefs.

Add Your Comments
 




Post Tags

bankingcapitalismfederal reservefinancial crisisregulations 


 



 



Written by

						Carl Svanberg					






The Undercurrent is in Search of a New CEO 

How Industry Makes our Environment Safe from Natural Disasters 



Posts you may also like







 



#CapitalistAndProud Submission: Celeste Hook





		30 Aug 2016			

 2016, Letters to the Editor 

0 Comments 










 



#CapitalistAndProud Submission: Philalethes





		13 Jun 2016			

 2016, Letters to the Editor, Summer 2016 

7 Comments 










 



#CapitalistAndProud Submission: Josh Nahmias





		22 Apr 2016			

 2016, Letters to the Editor, Spring 2016 

6 Comments 










 



#CapitalistAndProud Submission: Brian Underwood





		19 Apr 2016			

 2016, Letters to the Editor, Spring 2016 

0 Comments 






 





Our Latest Posts




 



Free Speech Under Attack: A Discussion with Dave Rubin, Steve Simpson and Flemming Rose





		July 17, 2017			

 











 



Help us Train Objectivist Writers





		June 20, 2017			

 











 



Objectivity and the News: A Conversation with Ben Bayer and Greg Salmieri





		April 22, 2017			

 






 





 
 

 
 

































SHOT Show 2017 in pictures | Fox News















































































































Fox News
Expand

Browse All Slideshows






Search






Latest Slideshows

Latest
Politics
US
Entertainment
Tech
Science
Health
Travel
Lifestyle
World
Sports
Weather





Login



Welcome,  


You're logged in as  

Profile
Logout





















Fox Firepower







SHOT Show 2017 in pictures
A vast array of weapons and tactical gear were on show at SHOT Show 2017 in Las Vegas.
Allison Barrie
http://www.foxnews.com/">Fox News

http://www.foxnews.com/

The largest gun show on Earth
The Shooting, Hunting and Outdoor Trade (SHOT) Show is the largest gun show on Earth. Owned and sponsored by the National Shooting Sports Foundation (NSSF), SHOT Show 2017 was held at the Sands Expo Center in Las Vegas from Jan. 17 through Jan. 20. (Allison Barrie)

the-largest-gun-show-on-earth


Industry professionals
More than 65,000 industry professionals were expected to attend SHOT Show 2017, walking miles to review the staggering amount of products on offer. (Allison Barrie)

industry-professionals


Mammoth event
SHOT Show is such a mammoth event that it is the fifth-largest trade show in Las Vegas and the largest event of its kind in the world. (Allison Barrie)

mammoth-event


Eye-catching surprises
Companies roll out eye-catching surprises that draw crowds like this one at FN Herstal.  (Allison Barrie)

eye-catching-surprises


Guns galore
There are so many options on offer that you need to walk nearly a half marathon to see everything. (Allison Barrie)

guns-galore


Miles of products
There are 12.5 miles of everything shooting, hunting, fishing and outdoors.  (Allison Barrie)

miles-of-products


630,000 square feet
The event features more than 630,000 square feet jam-packed with options from more than a whopping 1,600 companies. (Allison Barrie)

630,000-square-feet


Global marketplace
Companies from all 50 states and more than 100 countries brought their latest and greatest offerings to display and unveil. (Allison Barrie)

global-marketplace


Hunting, shooting and the outdoors
There are thousands and thousands of products for those passionate about the Second Amendment, hunting, shooting and the outdoors. (Allison Barrie)

hunting,-shooting-and-the-outdoors


Law enforcement and tactical military
Every year the law enforcement and tactical military section continues to grow. There are also thousands of options for military and law enforcement professionals. Safariland drew nonstop crowds for its cutting-edge gear like this body armor.  (Allison Barrie)

law-enforcement-and-tactical-military


New concealed carry options 
SHOT Show featured many new concealed carry options this year, such as this Taurus Spectrum. Like high end sneakers, buyers can customize the Spectrum with a wide range of colors. (Allison Barrie)

new-concealed-carry-options-


The growing female gun market
Women are a rapidly growing market for companies in shooting, hunting and the outdoors. There was a clear shift in the SHOT exhibits this year with some companies incorporating women, like here at Springfield Armory. (Allison Barrie)

the-growing-female-gun-market


John Wayne guns
There was something for everyone, every age and every budget. This new John Wayne line of BB guns was a big hit. (Allison Barrie)

john-wayne-guns



Previous Next















SHOT Show 2017 in pictures
A vast array of weapons and tactical gear were on show at SHOT Show 2017 in Las Vegas.







Recommended







USS Gerald R. Ford in pictures









DIY weapons of Syria’s civil war









Apple announces new products at Worldwide Developers Conference









5 unique tech gifts for Mother's Day









SHOT Show 2017 in pictures









10 years of the Apple iPhone: In pictures









More From Our Sponsors














