

Allianz Asset Management of America L.P.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 11:39 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Allianz Asset Management of America L.P.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Allianz Asset Management of America L.P. is a privately owned investment manager. Through its subsidiaries, the firm primarily provides its services to pension and profit sharing plans. It also caters to high net worth individuals, state and municipal government entities, and charitable organizations. The firm manages separate client-focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios for its clients through its subsidiaries. Through its subsidiaries, it also manages equity, fixed income, and balanced mutual funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe through its subsidiaries. Through its subsidiaries, it typically invests in growt...
Allianz Asset Management of America L.P. is a privately owned investment manager. Through its subsidiaries, the firm primarily provides its services to pension and profit sharing plans. It also caters to high net worth individuals, state and municipal government entities, and charitable organizations. The firm manages separate client-focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios for its clients through its subsidiaries. Through its subsidiaries, it also manages equity, fixed income, and balanced mutual funds for its clients. The firm invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe through its subsidiaries. Through its subsidiaries, it typically invests in growth, value, and growth oriented value stocks of large-cap, mid-cap, and small-cap companies. The firm was founded in 1990 and is based in Newport Beach, California with an additional office in New York City. Allianz Asset Management of America L.P. operates as a subsidiary of Allianz Asset Management AG.
Detailed Description


680 Newport Center DriveSuite 250Newport Beach, CA 92660United StatesFounded in 1990401 Employees



Phone: 949-219-2200

Fax: 949-219-2245

www.allianzinvestors.com







Key Executives for Allianz Asset Management of America L.P.




Mr. Brian J. Gaffney


      	Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 63
        







Mr. Michael James Puntoriero CPA


      	Chief Financial Officer and Managing Director
      


Age: 62
        







Mr. John Charles Maney


      	Chief Operating Officer and Managing Director
      


Age: 58
        







Mr. Blake Moore


      	Chief Executive Officer of the US Retail Investment Adviser/Fund Management Business
      








Ms. Barbara Johnston Green


      	Managing Director, Secretary, and General Counsel
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Allianz Asset Management of America L.P. Key Developments

PIMCO Presents at 18th Annual US Real Estate Opportunity & Private Funds Investing Forum 2017, Jun-25-2017 through Jun-27-2017
Jun 22 17
PIMCO Presents at 18th Annual US Real Estate Opportunity & Private Funds Investing Forum 2017, Jun-25-2017 through Jun-27-2017. Venue: Newport, Rhode Island, United States. Presentation Date & Speakers: Jun-26-2017, Kevin Morgenroth, Senior Vice President. Jun-27-2017, PAUL VOSPER, Executive Vice President.


Pimco Announces Executive Changes
Jun 16 17
Pimco has appointed Robin Shanahan and Peter Strelow as co-chief operating officers. They will report to CEO Emmanuel Roman. They will replace Pimco's president Jay Jacobs, is set to retire on September 30. Strelow is currently the global head, funds and chief administrative officer and Shanahan is the global head of human resources.


PIMCO Presents at Managed Funds Association Forum 2017, Jun-20-2017 03:25 PM
Jun 13 17
PIMCO Presents at Managed Funds Association Forum 2017, Jun-20-2017 03:25 PM. Venue: Four Seasons Hotel Chicago, Chicago, Illinois, United States. Speakers: Nicholas J. Johnson, Head of Quantitative Strategies Portfolio Management.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Allianz Asset Management of America L.P., please visit www.allianzinvestors.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























      Products & Solutions | Allianz                                           Main navigation   back    About us   Who we are   At a glance   Company structure and holdings   Employees   History   Social Media   Regions & Countries     Strategy & Values   Strategy   Our Culture & Principles   Diversity   Brand   Allianz Ventures     Management   Board of Management   Supervisory Board   Remuneration   Corporate Governance     Facts & Figures   Key figures   Annual Report   Half-year Report   HR Fact Book     Sports & Culture   Partnerships   Family of stadiums   Football   Golf   Lang Lang   MoMA   Paralympics   Rugby   Mercedes Petronas   Formula E   Drone Racing     Knowledge   Home   Environment   Mobility   Demography   Finance       Products   Private Insurance   Families   Health   House and home   Mobility   Retirement planning     Business Insurance   Credit Insurance Solutions   Large Corporations   Small and medium-sized companies     Asset Management   Fixed Income Products   Multi Asset & Absolute Return   Shares and Commodities     Global Lines   Corporate Assistance   Employee Benefits   Global Direct   Global Life   Global Reinsurance   Internal Shared Services   Investment Management   Real Estate     Global Service and Assistance   Allianz Worldwide Partners   Allianz Global Assistance   Allianz Global Automotive   Allianz Worldwide Care     Sustainable Solutions   Emerging Consumers       Economic Research   Research Data   Charts & Tables   Debt Tool   Allianz Global Wealth Map   Allianz Global Insurance Map     Press Review   Articles & Interviews     About Economic Research   Economic Research at Allianz   Internship     Publications   About our Publications   The NewsLine   The MacroBriefing   Research Papers   Specials       Investor Relations   Share   Share price   Dividend   Capital structure   Share Buy-Back   Indices   Key indicators   Analyst estimates   Shareholder structure   Basic share information     Bonds   Overview   Rating     Announcements   IR releases   Press news   Ad hoc announcements   Reporting thresholds   Directors' dealings   More news from Allianz Group     Results & reports   Results   Annual Report   Half-year Report   Embedded Value Report   SFCR   Key figures   Financial Statements   Outlook   Sustainability Report     Conferences & presentations   Analyst conferences   Investor conferences   Capital Markets Day   Inside Allianz Series   Financial calendar     Shareholders & service   Letter to the Investors   Annual General Meeting   Share Register Service   ADR for U.S. investors   Allianz Investor Relations App   FAQ   Service & Contact       Press   Press service   Calendar & events   Press offices   Media database     Extra   Pension-planning   Climate change   Digitalization   7 facts that might surprise you...   3 questions, 3 answers   125 years of Allianz   Travel   Discovery of the week     Allianz Journal   Current edition   Archive   World of Allianz     News   Overview   Company   Financials   Business   Studies   Commitment       Careers   Job Search   Global Job Search   Who we are looking for   Quick start guide     Your entry level   Pupils   Students   Graduates   Professionals     Application process   How to apply   FAQ     Allianz as employer   About Allianz   Job Profiles   Why Allianz   Your development   Allianz Insights   Locations and Organizations       Sustainability   Insurer   Sustainable Products   Responsible Sales     Investor   Proprietary assets   Asset management     Company   Compliance   Customer relationship   Environmental management     Employer   Diversity   HR Fact Book     Corporate citizen   Community engagement   Corporate Volunteering     Specials   Climate change   #yourdaringvacation   Paralympics 2016   Allianz Climate Risk Research Award           English  Deutsch English                    Search... Allianz.com  Search                     Everything you need to have the courage to go forward We offer our 85 million customers a wide variety of products, services, and solutions in insurance and asset management. MORE                   Dr. Allianz makes house calls Allianz introduces a new healthcare service that improves service and lowers costs READ FULL ARTICLE                   Get connected and drive safely  Convenient, secure and environmentally friendly: connected mobility promises to do a world of good.  READ FULL ARTICLE               We offer peace of mind for expats  Allianz Worldwide Care (AWC) offers international health and life insurance for expatriates.  READ FULL ARTICLE                      Private Insurance Whether you’re looking to protect your family, your health, your home or your automobile, we’re here to help you take the next step forward in life. Let us help you plan your future – or your next adventure – from birth to retirement.                   Find out more  FAMILIES HEALTH MOBILITY HOUSE & HOME RETIREMENT PLANNING                        Business Insurance From securing your supply chain to protecting your assets, Allianz offers tailored and specialist business insurance cover and risk consulting for companies in all industries, and from large corporations to small and medium-sized businesses.                   Find out more  LARGE CORPORATIONS SMALL AND MEDIUM SIZED COMPANIES CREDIT INSURANCE                        Asset Management We help private and institutional clients develop their investment portfolios and protect their wealth. From fixed income to equities to alternative investments, you’ll have access to our global network of world-class investment specialists.                   Find out more  FIXED INCOME PRODUCTS SHARES & COMMODITIES MULTI ASSET & ABSOLUTE RETURN                       Global Lines of Business Our offerings include the full range of insurance solutions, from company employee benefits and pensions to real estate and corporate assistance. Explore all our global lines of business and connect to regional service providers.                   Find out more  CORPORATE ASSISTANCE INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT SHARED SERVICES                       Global Services & Assistance Allianz Worldwide Partners is the world’s leading B2B2C specialist, delivering integrated solutions under three product brands with expertise in the automotive, health, travel insurance and assistance industries.                    Find out more  ALLIANZ WORLDWIDE PARTNERS ALLIANZ WORLDWIDE CARE ALLIANZ GLOBAL AUTOMOTIVE ALLIANZ GLOBAL ASSISTANCE                        Sustainable Solutions We offer a growing number of green products and services that help mitigate the negative effects of climate change or take its environmental impact into account. We also offer products tailored to the needs of low-income families in developing countries.                   Find out more  EMERGING CONSUMERS                            Find us in your own country              Allianz operates as an international insurer on almost every continent. We have deep roots in our home market: Western, Northern & Southern Europe. In Central & Eastern Europe and Asia Pacific Allianz is one of the leading international insurance companies. With different emphases we are present in America and Africa.         Please select … [ Argentina Australia Austria Bahrain Belgium Benin Bermuda Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Cameroon Canada Central African Republic China Colombia Republic of Congo Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Egypt Estonia Finland France French Guyana Germany Ghana Greece Guadeloupe Guernsey Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Ireland Italy Ivory Coast Japan Kenya Laos Latvia Lebanon Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Madagascar Malaysia Mali Mexico Morocco Netherlands New Zealand Norway Oman Pakistan Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russia Saudi Arabia Senegal Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Thailand Togo Turkey Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom USA                 © Allianz 2016. All Rights Reserved.     Credits   Privacy Statement   Terms of Use   Fraud Warning!        Share on facebook     Share on twitter     Share on xing     Share on linkedin               Main pages   About us   Products & Solutions   Economic Research   Investor Relations   Press   Careers   Sustainability       Most viewed   Dividend   Annual Report   Financial Results & Reports   Search for Jobs Worldwide   Allianz in the USA   Annuities   Allianz Global Corporate & Speciality        We recommend    Investor Relations App   Allianz Share   Global Wealth Report   Allianz Knowledge   Allianz Worldwide Partners services   International Credit Insurance   PROJECT M              


	PIMCO Trademark of Allianz Asset Management of America L.P.. Serial Number: 73552579 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
PIMCO










 
Get FREE email alerts













PIMCO  Trademark Information
 Allianz Asset Management of America L.P.
INVESTMENT COUNSELING [ , INVESTING CAPITAL FOR OTHERS, AND MANAGING INVESTMENTS FOR PENSION FUNDS AND OTHERS ]




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
investment   counseling            investing   capital      managing   investments   pension   funds    
                                    




This is a brand page for the PIMCO trademark by Allianz Asset Management of America L.P. 
                                in NEWPORT BEACH, CA, 92660.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this PIMCO trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Allianz Asset Management of America L.P. of the PIMCO trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the PIMCO trademark.
                           






On Friday, August 9, 1985,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        PIMCO by 
                        Allianz Asset Management of America L.P., NEWPORT BEACH, CA  92660.
                        The USPTO has given the PIMCO 
                        trademark serial  number of  73552579.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is REGISTERED AND RENEWED.
                        The correspondent listed for PIMCO is 
                        
                        
                                            Perry J. Viscounty of 
                                            Latham & Watkins, LLP,  650 Town Center Drive, 20th Floor, Costa Mesa CA 92626 
                                .
                            The PIMCO trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for PIMCO 
                            is INVESTMENT COUNSELING [ , INVESTING CAPITAL FOR OTHERS, AND MANAGING INVESTMENTS FOR PENSION FUNDS AND OTHERS ]. 
                            





Word mark:
 PIMCO


  Status/Status Date:  


REGISTERED AND RENEWED

10/2/2007

Estimated Renewal Deadline: September 29, 2017See Trademark Renewal Services




  Serial Number:  
73552579


  Filing Date:  
8/9/1985


 Registration Number:  
1459510 


 Registration Date:  
9/29/1987


 Goods and Services: 
INVESTMENT COUNSELING [ , INVESTING CAPITAL FOR OTHERS, AND MANAGING INVESTMENTS FOR PENSION FUNDS AND OTHERS ]


 Mark Description: 
NOT AVAILABLE


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
7/7/1987


Last Applicant/Owner:

Allianz Asset Management of America L.P.NEWPORT BEACH, CA  92660
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Typeset (Words/letter/Number)


 Design Search: 


(NO DATA)



Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 (NOT AVAILABLE)


 Correspondent:


Perry J. Viscounty
Latham & Watkins, LLP
650 Town Center Drive, 20th Floor
Costa Mesa CA 92626






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
12/31/1971


First Use In Commerce: 
12/31/1971





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your PIMCO trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

10/2/2007
REGISTERED AND RENEWED


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



Perry J. Viscounty


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of PIMCO trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search pimco on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for PIMCO 




PIMCO is providing INVESTMENT COUNSELING [ , INVESTING CAPITAL FOR OTHERS, AND MANAGING INVESTMENTS FOR PENSION FUNDS AND OTHERS ].
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 




















Allianz Global Investors of America LP: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























allianz global investors of america lp
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Allianz Global Investors of America L.P. operates as an investment advisory firm. The Company provides asset management services to individual and institutional investors. Allianz Global Investors of America conducts business worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

680 Newport Center Drive
Suite 250
Newport Beach, CA 92660
United States


Phone:
1-949-219-2200


Fax:
1-949-219-3949


Web url:
www.allianz.com























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data



































Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version




















     Allianz Asset Management of America L.P.
        – Filings and Transcripts
    – BamSEC


































Toggle navigation

















                                Product 


Features
Product Details
Help Center
Pricing


Contact

Log In


Free Trial








            Allianz Asset Management of America L.P.
        


 Watch 








Warning: Large portions of this site require JavaScript enabled in order to function properly. Please make sure JavaScript is enabled in your browser.
Please let us know at support@bamsec.com if you have any questions or concerns.





 Categorized
            

 Chronological
            

 Ownership by Owner
            

 Transcripts
            

 Your Highlights
            

Search in Documents









Key Exhibits

Articles of Inc. & Bylaws
Credit Agreements
Indentures
Material Contracts
Plans of Reorganization
Underwriting Agreements

External Links



                    SEC EDGAR
                    







Financials         

Filter












            10-Q
        


            ended         09/30/97

        

                        Q3
        

                        10/31/97

        




            10-Q
        


            ended         06/30/97

        

                        Q2
        

                        08/13/97

        




            10-Q
        


            ended         03/31/97

        

                        Q1
        

                        05/14/97

        




            10-K
        


            ended         12/31/96

        

                        FY 1996
        

                        03/28/97

        




            10-Q
        


            ended         09/30/96

        

                        Q3
        

                        11/13/96

        




            10-Q
        


            ended 12/34/56
        

                        ##
        

                        08/13/96

        




            10-Q
        


            ended 12/34/56
        

                        ##
        

                        05/14/96

        







Prospectuses and Registrations         

Filter












            15-12B
        

            Securities registration termination
        

                        03/19/98

        




            S-8 POS
        

            Amendment to registration of securities for employees
        

                        01/30/98

        




            S-8 POS
        

            Amendment to registration of securities for employees
        

                        01/30/98

        




            15-12B
        

            Securities registration termination
        

                        01/02/98

        




            S-8 POS
        

            Amendment to registration of securities for employees
        

                        04/20/95

        




            S-8
        

            ############ ## ########## ### #########
        

                        04/20/95

        




Ownership         

Filter












            3
        

            AllianzGI Convertible & Income 2024 Target Term Fund
        

                        07/21/17

        




            3
        

            The Korea Fund, Inc.
        

                        12/05/16

        




            4
        

            PIMCO Dynamic Income Fund
        

                        07/09/15

        




            4
        

            PIMCO Dynamic Credit and Mortgage Income Fund
        

                        07/09/15

        




            3
        

            AllianzGI Diversified Income & Convertible Fund
        

                        05/21/15

        




            3/A
        

            ### ##### ##### ####
        

                        04/09/14

        




            3
        

            ### ##### ##### ####
        

                        03/20/14

        









News         

Filter












            8-K
        

            Other Events, Financial Statements and Exhibits
        

                        12/19/97

        




            8-K/A
        

            Acquisition or Disposition of Assets, Other Events, Financial Statements and Exhibits
        

                        11/20/97

        




            8-K
        

            Acquisition or Disposition of Assets
        

                        11/06/97

        




            8-K
        

            Other Events, Financial Statements and Exhibits
        

                        07/23/97

        




            8-K
        

            Other Events, Financial Statements and Exhibits
        

                        02/18/97

        




            8-K
        

            ###### ## ########## ########### ######### ########## ### ########
        

                        07/31/96

        




            8-K/A
        

            ###### ## ########## ########### ######### ########## ### ########
        

                        03/15/95

        




Proxies         

Filter












            DEFR14A
        

            Revised proxy
        

                        11/04/96

        




Other         

Filter












            40-APP/A
        

            Application for exemption and other relief
– amended
        

                        08/25/06

        




            40-APP
        

            Application for exemption and other relief
        

                        09/17/04

        




            40-6C
        

             
        

                        02/11/02

        




            40-6C/A
        

             
        

                        01/22/02

        






See an issue? Let us know.







×
Report an Issue




What is the issue?



Your email

Optional. Fill in if you would like to receive a reply from us.




Cancel
Report Issue










×
Report Submitted


Thank you for reporting the issue. If you have provided an email address, we will be in touch shortly.



Close









×
Report Not Submitted


Sorry, your submission did not go through. This could be due to a network error or, if you are at an investment bank, your company disallowing issue report submissions.



Cancel
Try again?










Free Trial


Features


© 2017 BamSEC, Inc.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Browse


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












U.S. Trust - Wealth Structuring




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Wealth Structuring
Preservation and Transfer
Your wealth plan is designed to provide you and your family with thoughtful and innovative solutions customized to the financial and personal complexities of your life.  We bring you knowledge, experience and expertise across the broad range of wealth structuring disciplines.






Wealth Planning
Integrating your personal and financial affairs
By thinking holistically about all aspects of your wealth, we develop customized strategies to help pursue your unique goals. Wealth structuring can help you address issues including:

The cash flow required to help meet your lifestyle
The investments needed to help meet long-range objectives 
The most effective way to pursue estate planning goals 
The tax implications of the many aspects of managing and transferring your wealth

Trusts and Estates
Shaping your legacy and transferring your wealth
For more than two centuries, U.S. Trust has been helping many of America's wealthiest families build estate plans and implement wealth transfer strategies. Your team can work with you to build a sound estate plan that may help you:

Control the transfer of wealth to those you care about
Fulfill important philanthropic commitments
Reduce estate taxes
Maintain your privacy
Protect assets from creditors and other third parties

We can help you and your attorney establish trusts to provide financial security for your spouse or partner, pass assets to future generations and charities and reduce estate taxes, as well as provide for financial and investment management during your lifetime. We bring our extensive knowledge and experience to bear in helping clients manage their trusts whether we are serving as agent for trustee or corporate trustee.
Philanthropy
Making your charitable giving more fulfilling and effective
We offer you personal support and an array of tools to help you and your family assess your charitable goals, values and interests. Your philanthropic specialist can then help you understand a range of important considerations, including how to:

Implement your plan
Identify the best-qualified grant recipients
Monitor the impact of your efforts

We can help you design and implement a philanthropic strategy that helps you fulfill your values-based commitments in a way that is consistent with your lifestyle.
Learn more about Philanthropy at U.S. Trust
Custody Services
Benefiting from the experience of dedicated custody specialists
U.S. Trust is the custodian of choice for many sophisticated investors with extensive and complex holdings. Whether you manage your own portfolio or work with multiple brokers and investment managers, we can structure a personalized custody program that simplifies portfolio and trade monitoring and helps meet your specific safekeeping, service and information needs.

Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Bank of America, N.A. and the U.S. Trust Company of Delaware (collectively the "Bank") do not serve in a fiduciary capacity with respect to all products or services. Fiduciary standards or fiduciary duties do not apply, for example, when the Bank is offering or providing credit solutions, banking, custody or brokerage products/services or referrals to other affiliates of the Bank.
AR-AR7F755H-EXP-2018.05.09






Videos:
 
The Role of a Fiduciary

 
Wealth Planning

 
Agent For Fiduciary

 
Eldercare Planning Services

 
Financial Empowerment

 
Private Philanthropy Services

View More Videos 





You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Credit & Banking
Tax Planning
Family Wealth Services
THE FAMILY OFFICE DECISION
Philanthropy
Comprehensive Services For Auto Dealership Owners




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






42286FFD (JCF*******803)




   







U.S. Trust - Our Latest Thinking




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login

























Our Latest Thinking











Identifying the main drivers of long-term change is key to investment success in the 21st century. We believe we are at the beginning of a secular growth phase for the U.S. economy driven largely by the rebalancing of global growth from the developed to the developing world. We focus on the long-term drivers, the macro forces and investment themes at play across industries that are taking us into the next growth cycle.
Learn More






2017 Mid-Year ISO: The Tortoise and the Hare Cycle

Learn More









2017 U.S. Trust Insights on Wealth and Worth®
Our Survey results reveal common success traits that create a picture of modern day wealth in America.
Learn More









Reaping What We Compute
The Future of Technology in Agriculture
Learn More






Making It Your Mission
What values drive and inform your giving?
Learn More






Estate Administration in the Digital Era
Modern technology and antiquated statutes can present estate administrators with unexpected challenges.
Learn More






Highlights from the 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of HNW Philanthropy
Our study reveals a passion for philanthropy but also uncertainty about the impact.
Watch The Video






Capital Acumen Issue 32
 The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






Art in a New World
The art market is attracting new buyers and changing attitudes toward art as a part of an overall financial portfolio.
Learn More






The Growing Adoption of Wind Power
 The wind power industry is expected to deliver rapid job growth over the next decade.
Learn More






THE OWNER'S EMOTIONAL JOURNEY
 Lessons Learned Before, During and After the Sale of a Business 
Learn More






2017 Viewpoint: Shifting winds
Navigating Uncertainty with Specialty Assets
Learn More






Market Insights You Can Act On
Having the ability to have a pulse on what's going on around the world is absolutely critical.
Watch The Video









Alternative Energy: Powering a Brighter Future
Conventional sources are expected to continue to dominate the energy mix as the world moves toward a low-carbon economy
Learn More






Technology Is Disrupting Everything—Even Sneakers
CIO Chris Hyzy looks at game-changing innovation across industries and the often unexpected investment opportunities it's creating
Watch The Video






Sci-Fi M.D.: Moore's Law Meets the Hippocratic Oath
With technology generating futuristic advances, look for investment opportunities within healthcare — and beyond
Learn More






The Ripple Effect of Brexit
The repercussions of the UK's vote point to an uncertain future across the Eurozone and elsewhere.
Learn More






New Administration, New Realities for Investors
Optimism about the impact of President Trump's potentially pro-growth policies accelerates tectonic shifts in the markets.
Learn More






Five Investment Themes for 2017
Global equity markets are ending the year on a high note with solid gains for the fourth quarter so far in the U.S., Europe and Japan.
Learn More






PRESIDENT TRUMP: WHAT HIS TAX PROPOSALS COULD MEAN FOR YOU
Mitch Drossman discusses what tax-planning steps individuals and corporations should consider.
Watch The Video






The 2016 U.S. Trust® Study of High Net Worth Philanthropy 
Who's Giving to Which Causes and Why
Read More






Don't Fight the Fed
Despite unfavorable predictions from many economists, a stable dollar and the Federal Reserve's cautious stance seem to have staved off a global recession.
Read More






Investing in Iran: Roses or Thorns?
 In a nation newly open to foreign commerce, we find an abundance of investment opportunities — and caveats
Read More






In Conversation With Jane McGonigal
Shall we play a game? The author and video game designer talks time, gaming and the future.
Read More






IMPACT INVESTING: PEOPLE, THE PLANET AND PROFIT
As Impact Investing Comes Of Age, Investors Can Finally Seek a Better World and Return on Investment.
Learn More






Can China's Economy Bounce Back
DeAnne Steele on the depreciation of the yuan, the changing focus of the Chinese economy, and what it all means for investors.
Read More







Business Owners: You, Your Family, and Your Business
Working with a global financial services company helps enable you to address — and simplify — both your business and personal financial lives.

Learn More  







 KEEPING PENSION FUNDING GOALS IN SIGHT
This white paper investigates the use of exchange-traded funds (ETFs) in pension funding strategies.
Learn More 






Investing for Maximum Impact
Today's investors are using their portfolios to change the world-without losing return potential
Learn More




 



Addressing Memory and Your Family
There is no cure for cognitive decline, but we have a partial solution: being prepared for the unexpected.
Watch The Video






Rebuilding America: The Road Ahead
U.S. roads and highways, bridges and power grids, and other critical infrastructure have fallen into dangerous disrepair.
Learn More






Timberland as a Sustainable Investment
Timberland offers an opportunity to pursue both—an environmentally sensitive investment platform and financial advantages.
Learn More







Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, highlights why women are growing into an economic superpower
Learn More







Women and Climate Change
Jackie VanderBrug, an investment strategist at U.S. Trust, describes how women may be especially vulnerable to the effects of climate change
Learn More






Direct Real Estate Investing
Commercial real estate offers the potential for attractive yields, capital appreciation and valuable tax benefits.
Learn More






A fixed income investment approach designed to optimize after-tax yield and after-tax total return
Learn More






Experiences shared and lessons learned from entrepreneurs who successfully sold or transferred their businesses to family members.
Learn More









Intelligent Outsourcing
This white paper examines when the outsourced chief investment officer (OCIO) arrangement may be appropriate for an organization.
Learn More






The Power of Positive Teaching
Educating children about the responsibilities of wealth can help keep them wealth-smart.
Learn More





Mitch Drossman, U.S. Trust's national director of wealth planning strategies, discusses the midterm election results, their possible legislative impact, and the implications from a tax-planning perspective.
Watch The Video












Specialty Asset Management
Our Specialty Asset Management team can work with your portfolio manager and wealth strategist to integrate these real assets into your overall plan and portfolio.
Learn More






Transitioning America's Farmland
It's clear that over the next decade or so, much of America's farmland — now held or farmed by an aging generation — will need to be transitioned.
Learn More






From Best Practices to Next Practices
In search of long-term and sustained philanthropic impact.
Learn More






Making Specialty Asset Gifts Work for Your Organization
Without the proper planning, accepting gifts of real assets today can lead to unexpected and potentially costly consequences. Are you prepared?
Learn More






Women and Girls Equality Strategy
By applying a gender lens, investors can align their portfolios with the goal of supporting gender equality while seeking a market rate of return.
Learn More






The more successful and established entrepreneurs become, the more likely they are to want a more formal mechanism for giving.
Learn More






Family Wealth Services
Our comprehensive, values-based approach to meeting the wealth management needs of our clients and their families.
Learn More






The ElderCare Planning Program
We are committed to addressing the wealth management needs of our clients and their aging families.
Learn More






Personalized Banking and Credit
Your banking and credit needs deserve the same level of expertise as your investments.
Learn More






Customized Aviation Financing
Developing a financing strategy for your aircraft.
Learn More






Financial Empowerment
Prepare your children for the important financial opportunities that lie ahead.
Learn More






Financing a special and unique asset.
Learn More



 






 







Filter By:





Capabilities


Show All
Investment Management
Wealth Structuring and Planning
Credit & Banking




Topics


Show All

Tax Planning
Trusts and Estates
Non-Financial Assets
Philanthropy










Back to Top




AR-ARTPRMPV-EXP-2018.02.7























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






42286FFD (JCF*******803)



   







U.S. Trust - Credit and Banking




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Credit and Banking
Financing and Liquidity Solutions
With our wide array of credit and banking capabilities, we can build a custom credit solution that works for you.






Custom credit
Sophisticated solutions for your credit needs1
Your financial strength allows you to use credit strategically to create and benefit from unique financial opportunities. We can provide financing solutions to help meet immediate short and long-term needs plus specialty financing options when your borrowing need is to acquire assets, including:

Yachts
Aircraft
Fine art
Investor commercial real estate
Hedge funds
Concentrated or restricted stock positions
Recreational real estate


Customized credit solutions can also play a crucial role in implementing your trust and wealth transfer strategies.
Private Client Line2
A flexible line of credit, secured by your investment management accounts at U.S. Trust. The Private Client Line is designed to help you meet liquidity needs and enhance your cash flow without depleting cash reserves or compromising your investment strategy.

Private Client Line 

Liquidity services
Simplified banking and enhanced convenience
A key component of your overall financial strategy should include cash management. At U.S. Trust, we offer traditional banking solutions and services designed to help you:

Manage traditional everyday liquidity
Maximize access and convenience to your funds
Generate competitive returns on your deposit balances

Your client team will develop a tailored financial strategy to help meet your short-term liquidity needs as well as your longer-term personal and financial goals.
Real estate finance
A strategic approach to structuring transactions
The right mortgage can not only meet your residential real estate needs, but can be a cornerstone of managing your wealth. You will be advised by a team of specialists who understand substantial real estate transactions and the importance of personalized loan structures. From traditional or customized mortgages to home equity lines of credit, we will work to find the right solution to help meet your needs.
Financial management tools
Sophisticated and secure account management services
Monitor and manage your U.S. Trust accounts at any time using our sophisticated and secure online and mobile3 banking capabilities. You can also view your accounts at other financial institutions4 and transfer funds from them into your U.S. Trust accounts.
If you own a small business, simplify your business banking and management through our powerful account management service. In addition to these everyday banking services, U.S. Trust offers special resources to families with particularly complex wealth needs and ownership structures.

1 Bank of America, N.A. and its affiliates do not serve in a fiduciary capacity when offering or providing any type of credit solution.
2 The Private Client Line is offered by U.S. Trust and not by or through Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated. Credit is subject to approval. Normal credit standards apply.
3 You must first enroll in Online Banking and set up Transfers and Bill Pay. Wireless carrier fees may apply.
4 To view accounts from another financial institution, you must have online access set up with that institution.
Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Banking & Mortgage products are provided by Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC.
AR-ARJKLDHJ-EXP-2017.12.14






Videos:


Art as a Source of Liquidity



Leveraging Your Art Collection








You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Wealth Structuring
Family Wealth Services
Specialty Asset Management
Philanthropy



Read Some of Our Latest Thinking

Personalized Banking and Credit
Aviation Financing
Customized Marine Financing
Fine Art Lending




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






42286FFD (JCF*******803)




   







U.S. Trust - Wealth Structuring




















































  Search

HomeAbout UsOur CapabilitiesOur Latest ThinkingAccount Access









1.800.U.S.TRUST|
Have Us Contact You|
Find an Office Near You|
Client Login



























Wealth Structuring
Preservation and Transfer
Your wealth plan is designed to provide you and your family with thoughtful and innovative solutions customized to the financial and personal complexities of your life.  We bring you knowledge, experience and expertise across the broad range of wealth structuring disciplines.






Wealth Planning
Integrating your personal and financial affairs
By thinking holistically about all aspects of your wealth, we develop customized strategies to help pursue your unique goals. Wealth structuring can help you address issues including:

The cash flow required to help meet your lifestyle
The investments needed to help meet long-range objectives 
The most effective way to pursue estate planning goals 
The tax implications of the many aspects of managing and transferring your wealth

Trusts and Estates
Shaping your legacy and transferring your wealth
For more than two centuries, U.S. Trust has been helping many of America's wealthiest families build estate plans and implement wealth transfer strategies. Your team can work with you to build a sound estate plan that may help you:

Control the transfer of wealth to those you care about
Fulfill important philanthropic commitments
Reduce estate taxes
Maintain your privacy
Protect assets from creditors and other third parties

We can help you and your attorney establish trusts to provide financial security for your spouse or partner, pass assets to future generations and charities and reduce estate taxes, as well as provide for financial and investment management during your lifetime. We bring our extensive knowledge and experience to bear in helping clients manage their trusts whether we are serving as agent for trustee or corporate trustee.
Philanthropy
Making your charitable giving more fulfilling and effective
We offer you personal support and an array of tools to help you and your family assess your charitable goals, values and interests. Your philanthropic specialist can then help you understand a range of important considerations, including how to:

Implement your plan
Identify the best-qualified grant recipients
Monitor the impact of your efforts

We can help you design and implement a philanthropic strategy that helps you fulfill your values-based commitments in a way that is consistent with your lifestyle.
Learn more about Philanthropy at U.S. Trust
Custody Services
Benefiting from the experience of dedicated custody specialists
U.S. Trust is the custodian of choice for many sophisticated investors with extensive and complex holdings. Whether you manage your own portfolio or work with multiple brokers and investment managers, we can structure a personalized custody program that simplifies portfolio and trade monitoring and helps meet your specific safekeeping, service and information needs.

Always consult with your independent attorney, tax advisor, investment manager and insurance agent for final recommendations and before changing or implementing any financial, tax or estate planning strategy.
Bank of America, N.A. and the U.S. Trust Company of Delaware (collectively the "Bank") do not serve in a fiduciary capacity with respect to all products or services. Fiduciary standards or fiduciary duties do not apply, for example, when the Bank is offering or providing credit solutions, banking, custody or brokerage products/services or referrals to other affiliates of the Bank.
AR-AR7F755H-EXP-2018.05.09






Videos:
 
The Role of a Fiduciary

 
Wealth Planning

 
Agent For Fiduciary

 
Eldercare Planning Services

 
Financial Empowerment

 
Private Philanthropy Services

View More Videos 





You Might Also Be Interested In:

Investment Management
Credit & Banking
Tax Planning
Family Wealth Services
THE FAMILY OFFICE DECISION
Philanthropy
Comprehensive Services For Auto Dealership Owners




























 Investment Management Wealth Structuring Credit & Banking Working with U.S. Trust Press Room 



 Capital Acumen Available on the iPhone App Store 


Connect With Us:


Phone Number
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube





 U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management Homepage






Investment products:  Are Not FDIC InsuredAre Not Bank GuaranteedMay Lose Value
Credit and collateral subject to approval. Terms and conditions apply. Programs, rates, terms and conditions subject to change without notice.
U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management operates through  Bank of America, N.A. and other subsidiaries of Bank of America Corporation.


Bank of America Home · Privacy & Security
Bank of America, N.A., Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender 
©  Bank of America Corporation. All rights reserved.






42286FFD (JCF*******803)




   








Simpli.com














































Web Results



Allianz - Wikipedia

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allianz
Allianz SE is a German financial services company headquartered in Munich, 
Germany. Its core businesses are insurance and asset management. As of 2014, 
it ...



Allianz USA | Allianz Global Investors

www.allianzusa.com/companies/allianz-global-investors
Allianz Global Investors provides individual investors with world-class investment 
solutions including mutual funds, managed accounts, closed-end funds, 529 ...



Allianz Asset Management GmbH: quotes & news - Google Finance

www.google.com/finance?cid=5109688
Get detailed financial information on Allianz Asset Management GmbH () 
including real-time stock quotes, historical charts & financial news, all for free!



Allianz Global Investors | Home

www.allianzgi.com
Allianz Global Investors is a leading active investment manager with a strong 
parent company ... Robo-Advisors: Early Disruptors in Private Wealth 
Management.



ALLIANZ ASSET MANAGEMENT GMBH Institutional Portfolio ...

www.nasdaq.com/quotes/institutional-portfolio/allianz-asset-management-ag-887648
ALLIANZ ASSET MANAGEMENT GMBH Information. SEIDLSTRASSE 24-24A, 
MUNICH, , D-80335, (1149891) 220-7522 ...



About us | Allianz Asset Management

www.allianzam.com/about-us/pages/about-us.aspx
Allianz Asset Management (AAM) is the financial and governance holding 
company for the asset management business of Allianz SE, with approx. EUR 1.9
trn of ...



Allianz Investment Management - Products | Allianz

www.allianz.com/en/products_solutions/global_lines/aim
AIM bundles and steers Allianz's worldwide investment activities.



Allianz Global Investors Reviews | Glassdoor

www.glassdoor.com/Reviews/Allianz-Global-Investors-Reviews-E39250.htm
100 Allianz Global Investors reviews. A free inside look at company reviews and 
salaries posted anonymously by employees.



Allianz Life | Allianz Investment Management LLC

www.allianzlife.com/new-york/annuities/variable-investment-options/money-managers/allianz-investment-management
Allianz Investment Management LLC was established as an investment advisor 
by Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America (Allianz). Allianz is a ...



Allianz Asset Management | LinkedIn

www.linkedin.com/company/allianz-asset-management-ag
Allianz Asset Management (AllianzAM) is the financial and governance holding 
company for the asset management business of Allianz SE, with approx.








Related Search



Allianz Insurance Company




                                
It Asset Management




Allianz Life Insurance Company Ratings




                                
Property Asset Management






Allianz Global Investors




Allianz Annuity




Asset Management Company




Asset Management Software






1


2


3


4


5


Next






Related Search



Allianz Insurance Company




Allianz Global Investors




                                It Asset Management




Allianz Annuity




Allianz Life Insurance Company Ratings




Asset Management Company




Allianz Car Insurance




Allianz Mutual Funds




                                Property Asset Management




Asset Management Software




                                Global Asset Management




Asset Management Meaning





Popular Q&A



entrance after bsc stats? | Yahoo Answers


PG Diploma in Insurance and Risk Management Eligibility ... Asset Liability 
management in many sectors ... Allianz Bajaj Life Insurance Co.More »


in.answers.yahoo.com




(Senior) Frontend Developer (m/f) at movingimage - Stack Overflow


... use new technologies and solve thrilling development tasks? implement high-
quality and scalable video asset management and video streaming soluti...More »


stackoverflow.com




DevOps Engineer (m/f) at movingimage - Stack Overflow


... for the implementation of individual video management solutions for our 
customers? ... asset management and video streaming solutions for enterpr...More »


stackoverflow.com


















Privacy


Terms


© 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC






















allianz asset management - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Asset Management US - Solution-based investing | ubs.com



Ad
 ·
www.ubs.com/​AssetManagement/​US



Find out more about our innovative investment solutions. Get in touch!





Market insights



Contact us




Funds



ETFs





Allianz asset management - Click here and get best info



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Allianz Asset Management/​Save your time



Get Allianz asset management here. Check it now.





All That You Need



Your Finances Up To Date




Straight Accounting



Difficult Finances





Allianz Annuity Forms - Search Allianz Annuity Forms



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Allianz Annuity Forms



Search multiple engines for allianz annuity forms




Careers Allianz - 4 Urgent Openings, Apply Now



Ad
 ·
jobsearch.jobsgalore.com/​Careers Allianz/​New_Jobs



New: Careers Allianz. Apply Today & Find Your Perfect Job!




Searches related toallianz asset management



allianz asset management newport beach


allianz global investor


allianz investment management llc


allianz resolution management



allianz annuity log in


allianz asset management ag


allianz my account


allianz asset management of america




Web Results

Allianz Asset Management | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/company/allianz-asset-management-ag


Learn about working at Allianz Asset Management. Join LinkedIn today for free. See who you know at Allianz Asset Management, leverage your professional network, and ...


Allianz Asset Management of America L.P.: Private Company ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Allianz Asset Management of America L.P. company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Insurance and Asset Management worldwide | Allianz

https://www.allianz.com/en


As an international financial services provider, Allianz offers over 86 million customers worldwide products and solutions in insurance and asset management.


Allianz - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Allianz


Following completion of the acquisition, Allianz and Dresdner Bank combined their asset management activities by forming Allianz Global Investors.


ALLIANZ ASSET MANAGEMENT AG - NASDAQ.com

www.nasdaq.com/.../allianz-asset-management-ag-887648


Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages ...


Allianz Asset Management AG: Private Company Information ...

www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?privcapId=...


Allianz Asset Management AG company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


Allianz Asset Management Long-Term Cash Bonus Plan

https://plans.allianzam.com/documents/LTIPA2017/AAM_Infoflyer.pdf


Reap what you sow Allianz Asset Management Long-Term Cash Bonus Plan Meet the Allianz Asset Management PlanManager


ALLIANZ ASSET MANAGEMENT OF AMERICA L.P. Log in

https://bsiedcp.com


Log-in to your account User name: Password


Allianz Global Investors | Home

https://www.allianzgi.com


At Allianz Global Investors, ... AllianzGI will continue to support investments in favour of ... It is well-known that the active management industry has recently ...


PIMCO - Investment Management - Home | PIMCO

https://www.pimco.com


PIMCO is an investment management firm providing solutions for institutions, financial professionals and millions of individuals worldwide. Learn more.










Asset Management US - Solution-based investing | ubs.com



Ad
 ·
www.ubs.com/​AssetManagement/​US



Find out more about our innovative investment solutions. Get in touch!





Market insights



Contact us




Funds



ETFs





Allianz asset management - Click here and get best info



Ad
 ·
www.search.com/​Allianz Asset Management/​Save your time



Get Allianz asset management here. Check it now.





All That You Need



Your Finances Up To Date




Straight Accounting



Difficult Finances





Allianz Annuity Forms - Search Allianz Annuity Forms



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Allianz Annuity Forms



Search multiple engines for allianz annuity forms




Careers Allianz - 4 Urgent Openings, Apply Now



Ad
 ·
jobsearch.jobsgalore.com/​Careers Allianz/​New_Jobs



New: Careers Allianz. Apply Today & Find Your Perfect Job!



Searches related toallianz asset management



allianz asset management newport beach


allianz global investor


allianz investment management llc


allianz resolution management



allianz annuity log in


allianz asset management ag


allianz my account


allianz asset management of america




12345Next






Answers







Elizabeth Corley



Committee of Allianz Asset Management (the holding company of Allianz's asset management businesses) since October 2005. She became Global Chief Executive

more






Allianz



Allianz SE is a German financial services company headquartered in Munich, Germany. Its core businesses are insurance and asset management. As of 2014,...

more






Global assets under management



Global assets under management consists of assets held by asset management firms, pension funds, sovereign wealth funds, hedge funds, and private...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network








