



Silgan Holdings Announces the Election of Anthony J. Allott as CEO


































































 















Toggle navigation












Silgan Holdings Announces the Election of Anthony J. Allott as CEO

Mar 1, 2006




STAMFORD, Conn., Mar 01, 2006 (BUSINESS WIRE) — Silgan Holdings Inc. (Nasdaq:SLGN), a leading supplier of consumer goods packaging products, announced today that its Board of Directors has elected Anthony J. Allott as Chief Executive Officer of the Company effective March 1, 2006. Mr. Allott will also remain as President of the Company. 
Phil Silver and Greg Horrigan will continue in their roles as Co-Chairmen of the Board, but in a non-executive capacity. The Board of Directors also announced the Company’s intention to amend its charter to expand the size of the Board from six to seven directors. If the amendment to the Company’s charter is approved by shareholders at the next shareholders’ meeting in 2006, it is the Board’s intention to appoint Mr. Allott as a director of Silgan Holdings.
Tony Allott joined Silgan Holdings in May 2002 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In August 2004, Mr. Allott was appointed President and given the responsibility for Silgan’s operations. Messrs. Silver and Horrigan said, “Over the past few years, we have given Tony ever increasing responsibilities and exposed him to all aspects of the Silgan business. We and the other Silgan directors believe that Tony has the integrity, vision, energy and leadership to continue Silgan on the path of growth and success.”
Messrs. Silver and Horrigan added, “Since the Company’s founding in 1987, we have often stated that our substantial investment in Silgan has informed our judgment in our oversight of the Company. We have previously communicated we might sell shares from time to time for the purpose of diversification and/or estate planning. We have each done some of that the past few years and may well do more over the next several years. Even so, it is likely that we will each continue to have a significant equity interest in Silgan, and that this ownership will continue to inform our judgment in our roles as Co-Chairmen.”
Silgan Holdings is a leading North American manufacturer of consumer goods packaging products with annual net sales of approximately $2.5 billion in 2005. Silgan operates 60 manufacturing facilities in the U.S. and Canada. In North America, Silgan is the largest supplier of metal containers for food products and a leading supplier of plastic containers for personal care products and of metal, composite and plastic vacuum closures for food and beverage products.

 
Media Contacts:
Carolyn Takata
Silgan Containers
(818) 710-2420
ctakata@silgancontainers.com
Please forward sales inquiries to:
Silgan Containers Corporation
21800 Oxnard St # 600
Woodland Hills, CA 91367
Phone: (818) 348-3700










Thank you.
Your request has been submitted.
















































   Anthony Allott | Silgan Holdings Inc. | ZoomInfo.com


Anthony J Allott - Westport, CT | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Anthony J Allott in Westport, CT


Anthony J Allott

                                                                           Intelius found that Anthony J Allott  is  a male between 50 and 60 years old from Westport, CT.  We have connected them to
                10 addresses,
                10 phones,
                and 3 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Anthony James Allott


Get Report Now

Age

Anthony J Allott is in his 50s

Anthony Has Lived In

Westport, CT
Duxbury, MA
Rogue River, OR

Anthony's Relatives

Allison Allott
Zachary Allott
James Allott







Anthony J Allott



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderMale



Professional Status
President at Silgan Holdings Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Anthony? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Anthony, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Anthony J Allott
Get a Criminal Check on Anthony J Allott
Get a Public Record Report on Anthony J Allott
Get a People Search Report on Anthony J Allott


Anthony J Allott's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Anthony J Allott has lived as well as Anthony J Allott's phone numbers and email addresses.




Anthony J Allott Has Lived in 4 States
Connecticut Address for Anthony J Allott


2 M*** L* 

Westport, CT


Has Lived In

Westport, CT
Duxbury, MA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Anthony J Allott

(203) ***-**** - New Town, CT 
(203) ***-**** - Westport, CT 
(781) ***-**** - Marblehead, MA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Anthony J Allott

a***********s@***.net
r***********t@***.com
a************t@***.com


Get Email Report




Anthony J Allott's Professional Information
Information regarding Anthony J Allott's professional history.  Find out previous places Anthony J Allott has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Anthony J Allott Has Worked at 5 Places
Company: Silgan Holdings Inc.
               Title: President
Company: Silgan Holdings Inc.
               Title: Managing Director
Anthony J Allott's Experience
Title: President
               Company: Silgan Holdings Inc.
Job Details
               Silgan Holdings is a leading supplier of rigid packaging for shelf-stable food and other consumer goods products with annual net sales of approximately $3.8 billion in 2015. Silgan operates 87 manufacturing facilities in North and South America, Europe and Asia. Silgan is a leading supplier of metal containers in North America and Europe and a leading worldwide supplier of metal, composite and plastic closures for food and beverage products. In addition, Silgan is a leading supplier of plastic containers for shelf-stable food and personal care products in North America.
Title: Managing Director
               Company: Silgan Holdings Inc.
Job Details

Additional Professional Information on Anthony J Allott

 See Anthony J Allott's LinkedIn Profile



Anthony J Allott's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Anthony J Allott


Anthony J Allott's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Anthony J Allott's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Anthony Allott
Username Matches

                  AnthonyAllott
                  AllottAnthony
                  Anthony.Allott
                  Allott.Anthony
                  Anthony_Allott
                  Allott_Anthony
                  Anthony-Allott
                  Allott-Anthony
                  AAllott
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
A Allott







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.














SLGN Anthony J. Allott Insider Trades for Silgan Holdings Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







New York Markets Open in:



Market Snapshot
Analyst Ratings


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Silgan Holdings Inc.

                  NASDAQ: SLGN
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Silgan Holdings Inc.



After Hours
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 21, 2017, 4:27 p.m.


SLGN

/quotes/zigman/62437/composite


$
31.81




Change

0.00
0.00%

Volume
Volume 3,706
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/62437/composite
Previous close

$
			31.79
		


$
				31.81
			
Change

+0.02
+0.06%





Day low
Day high
$31.41
$32.03










52 week low
52 week high

            $23.58
        

            $32.50
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Anthony J. Allott



Mr. Anthony J. Allott, CPA, is on the Board of Directors at Silgan Holdings, Inc., SILGAN Plastic Food Containers Corp. and Silgan Plastics Corp. Mr. Allott was previously employed as Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President by Applied Extrusion Technologies, Inc. and Controller & Director-Financial Reporting by The Ground Round, Inc.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





03/01/2017
10,500


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/01/2017
12,000


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $60.6 per share.


727,200


11/22/2016
33,875


 
Disposition at $50.75 per share.


1,719,157


03/01/2016
53,700


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/01/2016
6,565


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $51.57 per share.


338,558


03/17/2015
50,000


 
Disposition at $58.5 per share.


2,925,000


03/01/2015
23,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/01/2015
4,620


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $57.53 per share.


265,789


02/26/2015
200,000


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/01/2014
12,500


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/01/2014
65,943


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $48.19 per share.


3,177,794


03/01/2013
17,600


 
Award at $0 per share.


0


03/01/2013
6,822


 
Derivative/Non-derivative trans. at $42.74 per share.


291,573


02/08/2013
22,567


 
Disposition at $45.25 per share.


1,021,157





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. D. Greg Horrigan 
Non-Executive Co-Chairman




Mr. R. Philip Silver 
Non-Executive Co-Chairman




Mr. Anthony J. Allott 
President, Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. Adam J. Greenlee 
Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President




Mr. Robert B. Lewis 
CFO, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive VP




Mr. B. Frederick Prinzen 
Vice President-Corporate Development




Ms. Kimberly Irene Ulmer 
Vice President & Controller




Mr. Anthony P. Andreacchi 
Vice President-Tax




Mr. Frank W. Hogan 
Secretary, Senior Vice President & General Counsel




Mr. Joseph M. Jordan 
Independent Director




Mr. John W. Alden 
Independent Director




Mr. Edward A. Lapekas 
Independent Director




Mr. William C. Jennings 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




6:55 AM EDT
July 24, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Pre


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Open


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
6:55aPolish president to veto 2 of 3 protest-inciting bills seen as moves on judiciary
6:53aJared Kushner denies collusion with Russians as he reveals he did meet with ambassador
6:53aHalliburton's stock surges 1.1% premarket after Q2 results
6:53aHalliburton Q2 operating margins improved to 13% from 6%
6:52aHasbro earnings beat forecasts, revenue falls short
6:52aHalliburton Q2 revenue $4.96 bln vs. $3.84 bln a year ago; FactSet consensus $4.86 bln
6:51aHalliburton Q2 adj. EPS 23 cents; FactSet consensus 18 cents
6:49aHalliburton Q2 EPS 3 cents vs. loss $3.73
6:48aStanley Black & Decker raises outlook after results beat views
6:40aOil prices advance as OPEC meeting unfolds
6:37aHasbro 2Q revenue $972.5 million vs. $878.9 million year ago
6:37aHasbro 2Q adjusted EPS 53 cents vs. 41 cents year ago
6:26aApple supplier Foxconn nearing decision about producing display panels in Wisconsin 
6:22aBlack swans? Here’s why the recent global breakout in stocks should NOT be trusted
6:07aStanley Black & Decker raises 2017 adj. EPS view to range of $7.18-$7.38 
6:06aStanley Black & Decker raises 2017 EPS view to range of $8.05-$8.25
6:05aStanley Black & Decker Q2 EPS ex-M&A charges was $2.01 
6:04aStanley Black & Decker Q2 revenue $3.23 bln vs. $2.93 bln year ago 
6:02aStanley Black & Decker Q2 EPS $1.82 vs. $1.84 year ago 
6:00aDrake still makes money from Degrassi–and so do these five other celebrities
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































   Anthony Allott | Silgan Holdings Inc. | ZoomInfo.com








Anthony J. Allott - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Anthony J. Allott
Dir., Chief Executive Officer and President at Silgan Holdings Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Anthony J. Allott? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Anthony J. Allott's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Anthony J. Allott's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Anthony J. Allott's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Anthony J. Allott through your network of contacts.
												








Anthony J. Allott's Executive Work History


Current


Dir., Chief Executive Officer and President, 
Silgan Holdings Inc.


Past
To view Anthony J. Allott's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
52

 
 


Anthony J. Allott's Biography



Anthony J. Allott, age 52, has been one of our Directors since June 2006 and has been our Chief Executive Officer since March 2006 and our President since August 2004. Mr. Allott was also our Chief Operating Officer from May 2005 until March 2006. From May 2002 until August 2004, Mr. Allott was our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining us, Mr. Allott was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Applied Extrusion Technologies, Inc., or AET, a manufacturer of flexible packaging, since July 1996. From July 1994 until July 1996, Mr. Allott was Vice President and Treasurer of AET. From 1992 until July 1 ...
(Read More)

			Anthony J. Allott, age 52, has been one of our Directors since June 2006 and has been our Chief Executive Officer since March 2006 and our President since August 2004. Mr. Allott was also our Chief Operating Officer from May 2005 until March 2006. From May 2002 until August 2004, Mr. Allott was our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining us, Mr. Allott was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Applied Extrusion Technologies, Inc., or AET, a manufacturer of flexible packaging, since July 1996. From July 1994 until July 1996, Mr. Allott was Vice President and Treasurer of AET. From 1992 until July 1994, Mr. Allott was Corporate Controller and Director of Financial Reporting of Ground Round Restaurants. Prior to that, Mr. Allott was a certified public accountant with Deloitte & Touche LLP. Mr. Allott brings to our Board of Directors considerable executive management experience and serves as our Chief Executive Officer.
		
Source: Silgan Holdings Inc. on 04/28/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Anthony J. Allott's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Anthony J. Allott. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Anthony J. Allott's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Anthony J. Allott's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Anthony J. Allott through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Anthony J. Allott


















Anthony J. Allott's Connections (30)





Sign up now to view Anthony J. Allott's 30 connections »









John W. Alden
Former Vice Chairman, Sr. Vice President and Business Development Group Manager, United Parcel Service, Inc.









Amin J. Khoury
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, KLX Inc.









Thomas J. Snyder
President, Silgan Containers, Silgan Holdings Inc.









D. Greg Horrigan
Board Member, Silgan Holdings Inc.









Russell F. Gervais
Former President of Silgan Plastics Corporation, Silgan Holdings Inc.









Joseph M. Jordan
Former Board Member, Silgan Holdings Inc.









Robert B. Lewis
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Silgan Holdings Inc.









Edward A. Lapekas
Former Board Member, Silgan Holdings Inc.









Alan H. Koblin
Former Employee, Silgan Holdings Inc.









Peter Konieczny
Former President - Silgan White Cap, Silgan Holdings Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













Silgan Holdings (SLGN) Anthony J. Allott on Q3 2015 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Silgan Holdings (SLGN) Anthony J. Allott on Q3 2015 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptOct.21.15 | About: Silgan Holdings, (SLGN) Silgan Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:SLGN)
Q3 2015 Earnings Call
October 21, 2015 11:00 am ET
Executives
Kimberly I. Ulmer - Vice President & Controller
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Adam J. Greenlee - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Matthew T. Krueger - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator
Please standby. Good day, everyone, and thank you for joining the Silgan Holdings Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference to Kim Ulmer, Vice President and Controller. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Kimberly I. Ulmer - Vice President & Controller
Thank you. Joining me from the company today, I have Tony Allott, President and CEO; Bob Lewis, EVP and CFO; and Adam Greenlee, EVP and COO.
Before we begin the call today, we would like to make it clear that certain statements made today on this conference call may be forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made based upon management's expectations and beliefs concerning future events impacting the company, and therefore, involve a number of uncertainties and risks, including, but not limited to those described in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2014 and other filings with the SEC. Therefore, the actual results of operations or financial condition of the company could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements.
With that, I'll turn it over to Tony.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thanks, Kim. Welcome, everyone, to our third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Our agenda for this morning will focus on the financial performance for the third quarter and to review our outlook for 2015. After the prepared remarks, Bob, Adam and I will be pleased to answer any questions.
As you saw in the press release, adjusted earnings per diluted share were below our expectations at $1.26 for the third quarter versus $1.33 in the same period a year ago. While we fully expected 2015 to be a challenging and transitional year for each of our businesses, there is no question the performance in the plastic container business has been disappointing and well below our expectations.
As with plastics business, I believe it's important to take a minute and review our longer-term situation and why we embarked on this significant rationalization effort, and elaborate on the recent challenges. The plastic bottle business has undergone significant change in recent years, with increased customer focus on near-site production, high support requirement and continuous cost reductions.
In order to meet these needs and to capitalize on our belief that no supplier fully meets the needs, we believe it's vital to address the legacy costs and geographic proximity of our business. One of the strengths of our plastic business is its wide variety of manufacturing platforms and technologies available to meet our customers' unique needs. Unfortunately, this strength presents a challenge during restructuring activities, as we operate a significant number of specific equipment platforms with production capacities dedicated to, and paired closely with, customer-specific volumes.

This tight production capacity model mandates that when we – when any manufacturing line is moved, sufficient inventory must be built, the line must be moved within a small window of time while training new employees in a new location to operate the equipment upon installation. Therefore, if any issues arise, they can become large problems very quickly. Our job is to deal with these challenges as they are identified, and under any circumstances to protect our customers by maintaining service and supply throughout this transition. This plan was aggressive and problems have arisen. Accordingly, we are incurring significantly higher incremental costs associated with mitigating the impact of these issues on our customers.
During the quarter, we incurred direct incremental costs associated with the plastic footprint optimization and the efforts to minimize the impact of these activities on our customers. These incremental costs will continue as we go forward for the next several quarters and where possible and helpful, we may elect to slow down some of these activities.
In strengthening our response to these challenges, we've also made several management changes to the plastics' team, including naming Jay Martin as the President of Silgan Plastics. Jay was previously the President of Silgan Plastic Closure Solutions and most recently led the successful Portola integration and related footprint optimization program within the closures business in the U.S.
Our metal container business delivered 8% volume growth, as a result of new volumes associated with the Van Can acquisition, continued growth in pet food in the U.S., and solid volumes in the European business. However, despite a great start, the U.S. fruit and vegetable pack was below expectations, as the pack ended abruptly in September.
As we've seen earlier in the year, our metal container team did a good job meeting this increased demand and the previously discussed shift in geographic customer requirements from our existing infrastructure. This effort continues to drive higher manufacturing costs and out-of-order freight and logistics costs.
While our footprint optimization is progressing on schedule, the new plant is scheduled to start off in the early part of 2016, and we'll then go through customer qualifications. Therefore, some of these incremental costs will persist until the second half of 2016. Later in the year, we anticipate easing our capacity limitations and then beginning to reduce other inefficiently located capacity in the system.
Our closure business continues to perform well having successfully completed its footprint optimization program in the quarter. Based on our year-to-date performance and our outlook for remainder of the year, we are revising our full-year estimate of adjusted earnings per share in a range of $2.88 to $2.98. This estimate assumes similar fourth quarter incremental cost levels in the plastic container and metal food can business as we incurred in the third quarter.
With that, I'll now turn it over to Bob to review the financial results in more detail and provide additional explanation around our earnings estimates for 2015.
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Thank you, Tony. Good morning, everyone. Tony provided an overview of the challenges we faced during the quarter, so I'll focus my comments on the financial results for the quarter, as well as our outlook for the balance of 2015.
On a consolidated basis, net sales for the third quarter of 2015 were $1.2 billion, a decrease of $24.9 million, as decreases in the plastic container and closure businesses, due partly to the impact of unfavorable foreign currency, were partially offset by increased sales in the metal container business. The aggregate impact of foreign currency across all of our businesses unfavorably impacted revenue by $40.6 million in the quarter.

Net income for the third quarter was $70.3 million or $1.16 per diluted share, compared to third quarter of 2014 net income of $83.3 million or $0.31 per share. The results for 2015 included rationalization charges of $9.1 million for a total increase to earnings per share of $0.10, while results for 2014 included rationalization charges of $2.5 million and net income in Venezuela of $800,000 for a net increase to earnings per share of $0.02. As a result, we delivered adjusted income per diluted share of $1.26 in 2015 versus $1.33 in 2014.
Interest and other debt expense decreased $2.2 million or $17.1 million for the quarter, primarily as a result of lower weighted average borrowing rates and an unfavorable – and a favorable impact from foreign currency translation.
As we continue to make progress on the new plant startups, net capital expenditures for the third quarter of 2015 totaled $53.1 million, compared with $33.5 million in the prior-year quarter. Year-to-date net capital expenditures totaled $151.2 million versus $93.1 million in the prior year. Additionally, we paid a quarterly dividend of $0.16 per share in September with a total cash cost of $9.8 million. Year-to-date share repurchases totaled $170.1 million.
I'll now provide some specifics regarding financial performance of our three business franchises. The metal container business recorded net sales of $845.4 million for the third quarter of 2015, an increase of $17.7 million or 2.1% versus the prior-year quarter. This increase is primarily a result of 8% higher unit volumes, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency of $17.9 million. Volumes were higher year-over-year as a result of incremental U.S. volumes associated with the Van Can acquisition and continued growth in pet food, and Europe was also stronger on a year-over-year basis.
Income from operations in the metal container business was $106 million for the third quarter 2015 versus $112.2 million in the same period a year ago. The decrease in operating income was primarily due to higher manufacturing costs due largely to logistical challenges from changes in customer demand patterns, which was further exacerbated as a result of higher volumes and a less favorable mix of products sold, including volumes associated with the less efficient Van Can operations. These were partially offset by higher volumes.
Net sales in the closure business decreased $25.3 million to $215.7 million for the quarter, primarily due to the unfavorable impact of foreign currency of $17 million, the pass-through of lower resin costs and the cessation of operations in Venezuela at the end of 2014, partially offset by a 1% improvement in unit volumes.
Income from operations in the closure business for the third quarter of 2015 was $27.1 million, down $600,000 versus the prior-year quarter. This reduction was primarily a result of unfavorable foreign currency translation, partially offset by better operating performance as a result of the benefits of the Portola integration and plant optimization programs, the favorable impact from the lagged pass-through of decreases in resin costs in the current year quarter versus the unfavorable impact from resin in the prior-year quarter and higher unit volumes.
Net sales in the plastic container business were $142.4 million for the third quarter of 2015, down $17.3 million versus the prior-year quarter. This decrease was largely due to the pass-through of lower raw material costs, the impact of unfavorable foreign currency translation of $5.8 million, a 1% decline in volumes and the unfavorable impact from recent longer-term customer contract renewals.
The loss from operations was $7.3 million for the third quarter of 2015 versus income from operations in the prior-year quarter of $13.1 million. This decrease was primarily related to higher rationalization charges, significant costs and manufacturing inefficiencies associated with the footprint optimization program, the unfavorable impact from recent longer-term customer contract renewals, a customer reimbursement for historical project costs in the prior-year period, lower volumes and the impact of unfavorable foreign currency translation, partially offset by the favorable impact of the lagged pass-through of decreases in resin costs. The rationalization charges for the shutdown of two facilities in the Midwest totaled $8.9 million for the quarter.

Turning now to our outlook for 2015, based on our year-to-date performance and the outlook for the remainder of the year, we are reducing our estimate of adjusted net income per diluted share in the range of $2.88 to $2.98, down from a range of $3.10 to $3.30 per share. This estimate excludes the impact from certain adjustments outlined in Table B of our press release.
We're also providing a fourth quarter 2015 estimate of adjusted earnings in the range of $0.38 to $0.48 per diluted share, excluding rationalization charges. This estimate compares to adjusted net income per diluted share of $0.58 in the prior-year quarter.
The decline on a year-over-year basis is largely due to the continuation of incremental costs similar to those in the third quarter associated with our footprint optimization programs in both the plastic and metal container businesses, lower pound volumes in plastics and the impact from an abrupt end to the fruit and vegetable pack. Despite the reduction in forecasted earnings, we continue to forecast free cash flow generation to be approximately $100 million, largely a result of the slight shift of capital spending from 2015 to 2016.
That concludes our prepared comments. So, we'll turn it over for a Q&A. And I'll turn it back to Augusta who can provide directions for the Q&A session.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Thank you, sir. We'll go first to Adam Josephson of KeyBanc.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Good morning.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Tony or Bob, can you talk about exactly what happened in the plastics business in the quarter such that your cost ended up much higher than you were anticipating just to give us some idea of what transpired?
Adam J. Greenlee - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Sure, Adam, it's Adam. And just talking about the performance of plastics versus our expectations, a couple of things. One, we're working really hard to protect our customers and maintain the service and supply albeit at a significantly higher cost. So if you talk about our previous expectations, we said Q3 was going to look a lot like Q2. And in doing so, the difference really falls into three buckets. So we had about $4 million of incremental operating costs that hit us in the quarter, all to serve our customers. Volume was a negative on the quarter of about $2 million as well, and then we had inventory-related activities that hit us for about $3 million, all of which were not included in our guidance when we talked last quarter.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
So, what happened is, basically, you have a couple of plants that were – because of all this movement, the need to build inventory, plants just fell behind on the production side. And so the spend is basically – that creates pinch points of capacity, puts pressure on assets that you really want to move, et cetera. So I think Adam is talking about our costs we spent, basically it was all those issues, people costs, equipment-related costs, et cetera. And so, that – I think that answers the question.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Got it. No, thanks, Tony. And on the incremental costs that you talked about in the fourth quarter and beyond in both plastics and metal cans, can you give us some perspective as to how significant these incremental costs will be next year, and some idea of whether you expect these related costs to be higher or lower in 2016 versus 2015?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Sure. If you – so if you talk about – we'll take the plastics side first. Kind of year-to-date, these incremental costs that we're talking about which are labor, et cetera. So, incremental spend is $10 million year-to-date. That number looks like it's going to – it will end up being kind of in the $15 million range, so another $5 million in Q4.

In containers, the metal food can side; we have been talking all along about a $10 million to $15 million. So, just to be clear, in neither case are these numbers a surprise. We knew we have these – I think in plastics, the total number is bigger than we thought. And on the container side, that $10 million to $15 million, I think by the time we're done, that's going to look a little more like $20 million in the year. And so, you'll have another – in the current quarter, that was sort of an $8 million range, although this is our seasonally peak quarter.
Both of those are going to continue into next year. In the case of plastics, it's going to continue as we – as we continue to stabilize the business and slowly try to recover. So, that's going to be a couple of quarters that we're going to see that come into the year. And then on the container side, as I said in the prepared remarks, until the line gets up in kind of late-ish – in the first quarter, as we begin qualification, it will kind of ease those costs off as that capacity comes available to us. But both of these spends will continue into 2016 for sure.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Thanks. And I – just two others, then I'll get back. Back to plastics, I mean, your margins have fluctuated rather dramatically in recent years in this business. And you've been asked on occasion about whether you should be in this business long term. Why today do you think you should remain in this business long term in light of what you're experiencing?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Well, what I would say is, what we're experiencing is, is transitional. I'm not trying to make light of it. It's a big deal. We've got a lot of effort on it. You can see just by how much we're spending. We don't take it lightly at all. But this is – we started the year by saying, we're going to go do a major rationalization, and there's going to be risks around it. And so, while the number is a little surprising to us, the risk that sits here is not at all surprising to us. We knew what we had to do was challenging.
The reason we are doing it, as I said in prepared remarks, is we continue to believe that the plastics market, plastic bottle market is underserved by quality suppliers who do the kind of service that is needed by our customers. And so we believe an opportunity still sits there that's worth looking at. What we said on last call, I think, is that we believe this business could get back to – I think we talked EBIT margin, then I think we talked sort of in the 10%. We really think a little bit more in EBITDA and I think we've said mid-teens, and we believe there is a very viable business in that case.
So we wouldn't take the transitional costs we're going to now and making any fundamental decisions on those. That's just the cost of what we have to do to get on to a better opportunity for the business, which we still believe sits there.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Thanks, Tony. Just last one for Bob. Bob, on CapEx, you're assuming around $250 million previously, what is that number now and then what do you expect it to be, rough order of magnitude, next year?
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Yeah. I think as we look at the capital for this year, obviously, as we are taking a hard line at when we're making payments and how things are coming up to speed, there is probably something that looks like, call it as much as $20 million or so, maybe even $25 million, that could shift year-to-year. So that could bring the $250 million down by that in 2015. And then in 2016, we were previously talking about kind of getting back to our $120 million to $150 million kind of range.

Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Right.
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
So at a minimum, we probably start to look at the higher end of that range and maybe even just a touch above that for next year. Again, we're in the midst of beginning and reviewing our budget process, so I don't have good visibility to that, but that's our thinking right now.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Thanks a lot, Bob. Appreciate it.
Operator
Our next question comes from Chris Manuel of Wells Fargo.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Good morning, gentlemen.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Hi, Chris.
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Hey, Chris.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Okay. So, I appreciate the color thus far on the plastics and the containers business. But I kind of want to drill perhaps a little bit deeper into each. Let's start with the plastics if we can. The restructuring and the work that was going on, I mean, when I kind of think through the business, are there – what areas is it centered around? In particular, if I kind of think of the High Barrier Food piece, so that was a plant that was kind of doing its own thing. So that's 20% of your revenue that's not impacted by this. It's probably not happening in the two – when I kind of think through the pieces, is this primarily geared towards what you're doing in food and personal care or – can you give us some color there?
Adam J. Greenlee - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Yeah. Chris, it's Adam. Yes, it's – that's exactly where we're focused on, it's our targeted growth markets going forward. So, food, healthcare, personal care, and really trying to get our footprint in the most optimal spot from a geographic location and ability to support our customers standpoint. So what this entails is moving lines that we have existing in our infrastructure to a more strategically located geographic footprint.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Okay.
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Hey, Chris, this is Bob. Just to be crystal clear here, this isn't impacting the High Barrier Food business. This is really, we're talking about our legacy plastic business here.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Right. Okay. That's what I thought. So, the plan was, you were going to be relocating some equipment during 3Q, 4Q. It sounds like now that sort of – so you gave us some color early on what the costs were that maybe not as much as I was hoping for with respect to why it's taking longer and what the pressure points have been that have caused you to increase your expense stuff. Is it that you've had difficulty getting site prep to move in? I mean the volume doesn't seem to be hurting you unlike maybe we'll talk about metal in a moment. But what are the issues here? Maybe if you give us a little more color as to help us understand what they are that helps us understand how long that could persist.
Adam J. Greenlee - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Sure. And what I would say is, number one, our new plant construction schedules are right on schedule. So this does not have to deal with the new facilities that we're building. This is really about again kind of our high volume customer-specific dedicated assets moving from one plant to another to be closer to our customers. And as we started that process, as Tony kind of talked about earlier, there's a whole bunch of things that have to go right in order for that process to work smoothly and we definitely have hit some bumps in the road. If you look at kind of what we've done historically in this business, we've had something like 20 activities, 25 activities around line moves and relocations over time. We had an aggressive plan for 2015, something to the tune of 80 line moves and new lines being installed.

So we knew it was aggressive. We knew it was stepped up versus prior year. As you mentioned, Chris, and as Tony did as well, we have slowed some of those activities here for the back half or the final quarter of the year and we're going to focus on continuing to service our customers. So we have slowed down to some degree. When we stabilize, we'll reinitiate and we'll continue down the path. But one final step removed, I would say that we – this program was really a multi-year program from a footprint optimization. We had expected to complete the process in 2017. So we are in the middle of it and we do have a ways to go, but we'll get stabilize, before we really reinitiate.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Right. Last question on this before I kind of flip to containers, are you buying from outside suppliers and vendors today to meet demand?
Adam J. Greenlee - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Yes, we are.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Okay.
Adam J. Greenlee - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
In some cases.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Okay. In the metal side, again, I'm grossly oversimplifying this, but my understanding was you were consolidating activity from handful of plants into two locations, maybe three, four, five into two, and then – that was new equipment going into the new facilities. So I guess you had a big volume quarter here, and maybe had to draw down more inventory than what you anticipated, but, A) are the new plants kind of building online? And then, B) perhaps what were the costs from if you weren't going to take these down until the new one was ready to go. I guess, I'm maybe a bit perplexed as to what the extra cost expense might have been?
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Great question and having read some of the write ups this morning, I think this deserves some discussion, because the majority of the cost we're talking about in container side, we knew about, we talked about and we had in our forecast. So the costs are basically all of the inefficiency, recall that two things, we had two customers, sizable customers, that move their field to the Midwest, which tightened up our Midwest systems.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Yeah.
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
We also added the Van Can business and so that all tightened up our system. And so, as you mentioned that we have a plan to deal with that by building a new plant. But we knew, no matter what, the plant wasn't going to be here to help us this year. We were absolutely going to have higher cost to move products around to where it had to be for our customers. And to tighten – basically run less sufficiently in the Midwest region where we needed to have the cans. And so that was all known, we talked about $10 million to $15 million items. The quarter had a couple of million of higher costs in it and that's just mix related.
It's not anything out of control, you just – it depends what customers have pulled in what product. And so, little bit higher costs in the quarter. But the bigger point on the container side for the quarter was that we were having a boomer path, and we are feeling very good. In fact, we really – there was a point in the mid-quarter where we thought the metal food can business was going to help sustain some of the issues we're using in plastics. Unfortunately, our packs kind of across the board stopped early.
You had a cold in the Midwest that stopped corn particularly in the upper Midwest and then you have water and moisture in California that stopped the tomato pack. So while you have great growing conditions all the way up, everything looked record – it all kind of stopped. Now, that doesn't mean it was a bad pack. We view it more of the normal kind of pack in terms of total volume, but it wasn't normal in terms of when it came in, came in sooner and ended. So that had more to do with the metal food cans third quarter than did – anything to do with costs inefficiencies.

Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Okay. That's helpful. So then perhaps as we think about 2016, again just a follow-up in the container space, you seem to indicate that some of these issues or problems would continue to linger through the year, but if the equipments are running again in the first quarter as you kind of had suggested, I think you had suggested, why would those continue to persist so long? Or is there anything perhaps it's delayed or that we're not appreciating or realizing there?
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
No, the new plan is basically on schedule. We're expecting kind of first cans off of it in half of the lines in the first quarter. I will say that we did have a very wet beginning season for building the buildings. So that schedule hasn't moved, has definitely compressed in terms of the finishing of the building and equipment delivery. So I would say that risk on that has gone up a little bit. But in any case, sort of a Q1 we'd be getting first cans off, but because these are food cans, you got to go through individual customer qualifications. None of this is news to us by the way, maybe we didn't talk a lot about 2016, when we first talked about that.
But – so we're going to be going through qualification in kind of Q2 and Q3 of next year. Now, some customers will get qualified and we'll start producing cans for them. So, it will begin to give us some relief, but it's going to be kind of incremental through Q2 and Q3. We should end the year with full capacity released from the new lines on and the ability to get out some of the other capacity in the system that we said we're going to be taking out. And that's all on plan.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
That's next year Q2, Q3 you said?
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Q2, Q3 would be the transitional time when we're getting qualified and beginning to lead the pressure. And then by the end of the year, we would expect to be getting – shutting down capacity.
Chris D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator
We'll go next to George Staphos of Bank of America.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Hi, guys. Good morning. I'll ask a few questions and turn it over, so that everyone can get in. I would say, first question I had, maybe piggybacking on Chris' question. How much incremental cost are we looking at in plastics and in containers – metal containers for 2016 versus 2015? And I know you're not in a position to guide now. I respect that, but is there a chance assuming normal volumes, normal pack, normal economy relative plastics that 2016 earnings could be relatively flat because of these incremental costs or how would you have us think about that?
Adam J. Greenlee - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Yeah. Good questions, George. This is my normal time where, I do say, we have not done our budgets yet. And as you can tell, there are a lot of moving parts as there are every year. So, I think, we'll be getting a little ahead of ourselves to answer the question. I think it's a legitimate question because what we are saying is we're coming in with the cost load. So I think there are going to be parts of 2016, that are going to look a little like 2015 in reverse, coming in a little bit, heavy loaded on the cost side and then getting some of the benefits on the back end. Where exactly that gets unfortunately is – guidance we can't really give you yet with any kind of certainty around it. As per the cost, as I said, we're going to be somewhere in the $15 million to $20 million of the sort of incremental costs in that the food can business.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch

This year?
Adam J. Greenlee - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
This year in 2015. That's right.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Correct.
Adam J. Greenlee - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
And then, I don't have exact number on that yet, but we're going to certainly carry that for the first half of 2016. So I believe that number should be less next year, but I don't think it should go to zero. Certainly, it won't go to zero. So, I think, right now, I get a cap of it as an assumption, but just recommend that's pretty rough assumption.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Understood.
Adam J. Greenlee - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
On the plastic side, I think it could be more comparable in number, because I think there is a possibility. These costs really ramped up in Q3 and Q4, worse than – or at least our belief of Q4, we're saying that continued Q1 and into Q2. My own view is that I'm a little hopeful, by Q2, we'll be getting to ease those off and we'll be getting to get some benefits, but I think that's putting the cart a little ahead of the horse right now. So, I think it'll more comparable year-on-year on plastic.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
And, Tony, can you remind me, what did you say the total costs for this year just so I don't have to scroll back through my notes here for plastics?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
$15 million.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Okay. Fair enough. I appreciate the comments there. Now I remember from last quarter, maybe incorrectly so and remind me if that's the case. But I thought that you were not – you had said that there was really not a heck of a lot of upward surprise potential from the pack this year in the first place because of all the realignment. And so explain why now the fact that the pack came in below expectations you had, it sounds like a hard freeze, you had wet issues, weather issues, moisture in the West Coast that it wound up being a negative factor. In other words, because you lost the incremental you thought could offset plastics?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah. Your memory is correct, what I said is that even if we have a boomer that it's going – the conversion of that is going to be less than you'd expect. I don't think I said there'll be no conversion from that.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Okay.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
So by getting less of it is, it certainly has an impact. I think add to that that there is a mix component here that what we really seem to drop is large cans, which on a per unit basis is very significant. And so a little bit of mix component of that too. But, nonetheless, we're only talking in a pretty big quarter, some $3 million or $4 million of impact from it. So I would still say that it was – it could have been a lot worse, if we didn't already have some of these costs that were embedded into the system at that time.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Okay. I guess my last question, I'll turn it over. We understand ultimately as you've presented it, why you want to move to the tight production capacity model. Does it nonetheless add risk to the system now that you're going to have operations that are so linked to the customer that perhaps there is a leverage risk down the road to your – you've hitched wagons to a larger degree with certain specific customers in the end markets and that could wind up being a problem just as the integration factors are behind you. And I guess a related point, Tony, and I mean this with all due respect, obviously you've looked at lots of plastic acquisitions over the years and you've made the number. If you are looking at your existing plastic packaging business, clean slate of paper, would you actually find it an attractive business to acquire from a Silgan standpoint and why? Thanks, guys. I'll turn it over.

Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Good question. So the first one is that as to the question getting closer to the customer and risk of that, but first of all I do want to overstate the point. We are not going through an all onsite model. What we're doing is getting a little more near site and onsite, so it's not binary in that regards.
Secondly I would say that, this is what Silgan has done from its beginning. You look most of our businesses and where we have great success, we're very near to customers and we serviced the hell out of. And that's what we're going to do in plastic business is we're going to enhance the service aspect of what we do. We're going to get close to the right customers, admittedly we've just stubbed our toe here on that and that's why we're making the – taking care of customer at this moment, so important and focus on it. But long-term that's – we believe there is a great opportunity there and we can grow by doing that but, again, the idea is not all onsite, near site, it's only that we're open to that where it works with a certain select customer.
The second one is how would I view our business from the outside, I think it's – I would view it as unproven thus far. I think – I can look around at where we do a good job on service. Again, we're talking about a couple of plants throwing us off – there are a lot of plants that are doing a great job right now and customers are being well serviced through that. And I look at the team we have in place including the changes we've just made and I really do believe that we have the opportunity to be in much higher service model and customer support than others in the market. So, the answer to the question is, I had looked, but I would definitely – I'd be waiting to see the proof, which I know we all are.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Thanks, Tony.
Operator
Our next question comes from Ghansham Panjabi with Robert W. Baird.
Matthew T. Krueger - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Hi. This is actually Matt Krueger sitting in for Ghansham. How are you guys doing?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Hi, Matt.
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Hi, Matt.
Matthew T. Krueger - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Right. So my first question kind of revolves around some of the capital spending and free cash flow. So how much total capital has been spent on the optimization efforts across the businesses? And then do you have any update on free cash flow for 2015 given all the moving pieces?
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Yeah. So the update on free cash flow, maybe I'll take them in reverse is that we reiterated approximately $100 million free cash flow, so what you've got there is a little bit of a reduction in the profitability being offset by the timing of which capital gets spend. So kind of moving from 2015 into 2016 aggregate total still kind of being pretty similar, but moving some, call it, $20 million or so between the years – really between Q4 and Q1. In terms of the capital dollar spent on the programs, the bulk of it is associated with the $100 million spend or so relative to the can plant, and then you've got another $25 million in the plastics plant, and then you've got some equipment rebuild that pales in comparison related to those other two pieces of costs.
Matthew T. Krueger - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Okay. That's helpful. And then can you guys provide a brief update on the current European market dynamics and kind of the pricing environment over in that region, and then what are your European capacity utilization rates and do you foresee any need to add new capacity moving forward?

Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Sure. As you know, we're primarily focused on kind of Central Europe to the Eastern markets. So I would say pricing has been a bit more stable over the last year or so. Although, I would say relative to the broader market, we probably haven't seen anything outside of what the broader market is seeing. Some of that is nuanced by particular markets that we're in, so some better than others. I think our capacity utilization is not constrained necessarily right now. So that near-term, we don't necessarily see any broad need to build the incremental capacity in that marketplace. So by all accounts from where we were a few years ago, I think we're feeling better about that business, still think it's got room to improve but certainly on the improvement side of the ledger.
Matthew T. Krueger - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Okay. Great. Then one more question and I'll turn it over. Given the BPA non-intent seems to be gaining some momentum both in Europe and in North America, where are you in terms of the adoption of the technology across your product portfolio? And then what commentary or feedback are you getting from customers regarding the BPA non-intent product?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Well, we've been working on BPA non-intent coating for like eight-plus years now. We have done test packs over and over again of almost every package that we hold, product that we hold, so we've spent a lot of time on this. Mostly, because we were concerned about kind of the consumer advocacy side, I will spare you all that nothing has changed on the science here, so you've got kind of a relatively small group of scientists who are pushing an agenda here and a lot of regulators who are saying there's – at the current levels that if there's a exposure, there's not a lot to worry about.
Nonetheless, I think that consumer continues to hear more and more about it. Our view is that at some point in time the change is going to happen. And so the answer is that we have solutions exist for most of our product lines, there are definitely some vegetable soups that are – they're more aggressive on the coatings, that we still have a ways to go there. I'm sure in time that will get resolved. But that maybe shelf life is jeopardized, I think it certainly will mean the robustness of the package is somewhat less than it was. But the opportunity exists there. Today, we've got, if you look at our portfolio, some 30% of it is pet cans, so that's kind of not an issue at the BPA. We're probably another 15% of what's already converted and our view is probably next year another 15% of what's left there would get converted, so probably by next year we'll be 50-50 in terms of what's BPA non-intent versus not. And customers are all over the board on their view with this, many are just waiting to see it play out because they see science arguments in the same way I just portrayed it.
Some see it as we got to react to the consumers view on this, and make changes. And so it's still over the board. I would agree with you that the activity seems to be building a little bit, certainly the French law has some impact on that, Prop 65 in California has some impact on that. So we're hearing more about it, we'll do some conversions next year, and it looks kind of like 50-50 by the end of the year including the pet food side.
Operator
Our next question comes from Debbie Jones of Deutsche bank.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Hi, good morning.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Good morning, Debbie.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
I was wondering, industry data this quarter, there is a big shift from three-piece to two-piece, and I think a lot of that is the new capacity that's come on. But can you just talk about the trends that you're seeing in your business? And you said there is kind of a bifurcation in how your customers feel about BPA. But just maybe talk about how they feel about those two different can sizes or cans.

Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Sure. What we have said before into the case is that, with majority of what we make are some form of a two-piece can. Almost three-quarters of what we make is a two-piece can. So there is very little change in our system, because whatever could be a two-piece can is a two-piece can. There are some areas where it's going to be three-piece because of the size requirements or other reasons for that. So more or less, what is in three-piece today is there for a reason.
And so, there is not a real shift on that. Customers are not looking for a shift. The reason it converted over time is it is a lower cost solution on two-piece, but it does have some trade-offs for certain applications. So I don't see any big shift on that. I think you're right, the big – the main change is that you had a new two-piece line built in the U.S. to service a particular customer who had been primarily serviced on three-piece. That was a can that could make a change, but there is not – in our system, there is not a lot of cans that meet that description.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Okay. And then my second question, not to beat up on plastics, but just $2 million you called out in volume, is that something that was specifically related to the moves you were making or is that something that we should expect is lost and will not come back?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
It's actually a couple of things. One, we see some continued weakness in certain markets that we serve and that's continued for the most part throughout the year and will continue in our expectation in Q4. We also have gone out and secured volume for our customers. In some cases, we've also turned some business back to customers. So, a little bit of it is self-inflicted with our footprint rationalization as well, but it's a combination of both.
Debbie A. Jones - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Okay. Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Okay. Thanks
Operator
Our next question comes from Anthony Pettinari of Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Good morning. Just following up on plastic containers. Outside of the footprint optimization efforts which are internal, are you seeing external pressures in any plastic container categories, healthcare, consumer, et cetera, or changes in competitive behavior that are impacting the business outside of some of the internal headwinds?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
No, Anthony, not at all. I think what we see is again the target markets that we're intending to grow in are actually doing quite well. There is some softness in other markets, some of our household and ag chem businesses is a little bit softer, but for the most part, the target markets that we're focused on are doing fine, food, healthcare, personal care, et cetera.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Okay. That's helpful. And then just following up on Debbie's question. The $2 million in volumes in the segment, is that business that was just where you saw volume decline or did you walk away from business because it became less attractive from a margin standpoint? Are you shedding volumes? Or if you can give any color there.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
That's a good question. It's a combination of things because the answer for Debbie was really versus our expectation. So, if you go back a step and talk about our portfolio rebalancing efforts that we've been doing in the last couple of years, I think that's a – maybe a better answer for your question. So we have left certain pieces of business back to the market, because of the profitability of that business. So part of our year-to-year comparison is that we've rebalanced our portfolio.

Another part is market softness in certain markets, and then, obviously by giving circulars back to customers, they've got out and secured that business elsewhere. So it is a combination of kind of those three attributes.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.
Operator
Our next question comes from Scott Gaffner of Barclays.
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Thanks. Good morning.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Good morning, Scott.
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Good morning, Scott.
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Just following up couple of questions on the plastic container business. Can you talk a little bit about your competitive advantage within the segment? I think you mentioned, there was no other large high quality competitor. But what is it that really makes you stand out there?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
I don't know that I said – I think what I said is that, we don't think anybody has really nailed the service models that this market needs. And I intentionally said – I didn't say other than us. I believe it's still open for many to grab. We'll see who gets it. So I think what we have said all along, what we are very good at it is new product launch for almost any kind of package that you need in plastic bottle market. We've got diverse technology types, decorating capabilities, et cetera. So when you're trying to get a new product out, launched, et cetera, we've got the right capabilities to get that done and that's been a really good opportunity for us, but that becomes more and more of a service model.
The customers need it quicker, they need it better, they need certainty. They need you to help them more because they got a lot on their agenda. And so they need you to be bulletproof in providing that capacity and doing it in a very timely manner. And we have to enhance ourselves there as well. And so, I was not trying to imply at all that we necessarily have that solved. What I said is that I think we've got the right people in place and once we're done here, we've got the right assets in place that I believe we can do it.
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Okay. And if I go back a few years, well, just now on this call, you said you made some management changes within the plastics business. Did you make management changes a few years back? I remember this business was having some margin difficulties then as well.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yes. We did.
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Okay. So I guess that – my question is more around than organizational support for this segment, obviously, metal food containers is a much larger piece of the total company and you're making optimization changes there as well. How much of this do you think is current management change that you had to make within the segment versus maybe lack of support from the broader organization for the changes?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah. I would not – I don't – my view is that it's not the latter. It's not immediately clear. I think what the broad organization could have done is insisted on a slower path here, but that had its own trade-offs. So even on that, it's not clear to me that that would have been the right answer, but that's probably the only thing. In terms of support – let's remember, this is a $600 million business. It's got full capability. We have 2,300 people who have been in this business most of their careers. So it's not – even though it is not our largest business, it's not a fly-by-night operation. They know what they're trying to do.

And again, I got to repeat, we knew problems were going to come up. We don't really know how to forecast them and budget them, but we knew problems were going to come up. These are worst than we thought. It hit us a little quicker than we thought, but this was – some level of this was inevitable in what we're trying to accomplish. And then finally, management change. I think really the key there is our view is that the changes we made will just make us that much stronger for the kind of customer service model that we want to get to.
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Okay. Fair enough. Last question. A couple of people asked about the working – I'm sorry, the CapEx shift in the 2016, but when you think about the businesses there, any significant changes to working capital maybe in the first half of 2016 because of these slower shift to the new capacity or maybe even it's lower because you're buying more in the outside market?
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Yeah. I think we kind of came into the year thinking that working capital was probably a little bit of a use of cash for the reasons that you just suggested, kind of around managing the conversion here. If anything, that probably shifts a little bit to the first quarter. But I don't see that as really being a meaningful change, one way or the other.
Scott Louis Gaffner - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Okay. Thanks, Bob.
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
You bet.
Operator
We'll go next to Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC
Hi. Yes, good morning.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Hi, Chip.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC
The first question is, obviously from what you're saying, you're going to be quite busy from pretty much the next year. I think by this time next year, a lot of this will have sorted itself out in both the plastics and container division. But as you think about the next six months or so, does the challenges of just making sure that a lot of these operations do get back to their correct footing where they need to be with all the changes, does that make any difference in terms of your view toward M&A at this point, in terms of perhaps entering a different type of rigid business?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
No, again, we knew we were in that. But, I mean again, the amount of work involved here is not a surprise to us. So there is no news there. I mean, and again, I don't want to make light of it we got. We're very focused on it. But we're in the business of focusing on a lot different things and different businesses who are always active in doing something. So it does not change our view in that either way.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC
Okay. So you still feel you have the same capacity as you always did to look at what's out there?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yes, we do. Yeah, and further, we're quite optimistic on the long-term for our businesses, that's why we're making these investments. And I want to go further even in and say, we feel, while there may be bumps along the road that we are feeling, what we're doing, we believe in, and we believe that it's a stronger business on the back end and that business will always have the opportunity to improve through the right M&A, which is how we've grown all along.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC
Got you. I got you. And maybe I'm simplifying this too much, but it looks like both the third and the fourth quarters are about $0.15 less than maybe what we would have thought back in July. And I guess you would verify that and then clarify that. And then as we look at next year, would you expect that rate of impact start to be reduced in the first quarter and then maybe down by more than half by the third quarter and pretty much go away by the fourth quarter next year? I'm not trying to hold you that, but I'm just saying, is that roughly the pattern you would expect to see?

Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
First of all, you're correct in your analysis, so kind of $0.14 in the third quarter, and $0.14 or $0.15 in the fourth quarter. So that part is right. And I would say one thing, there is a little about the pack season in the food can business that affect that Q4, so I mean that's not all incremental spend, but the majority of it certainly is. And I think the answer to that is that we are expecting a reasonable amount of continuation into Q1 and Q2. The only other point there is we have a little bit of cost around it in Q1 in the food can business already in 2015. So now you're going to cycle against a couple of million of those costs that were already in the comparative period.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC
Okay. So maybe $0.10 to $0.15 in each of the first two quarters of next year roughly, and then it starts to drop back?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
That's correct. Yeah.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC
Well actually in the third quarter, it might even go the other way, right? Because you had that sort of full $0.14 impact this year's third quarter, and by next year the impact should be less, so it actually might be a tailwind for you?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
That's correct. That's correct.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC
Okay. I see, all right. That's very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thank you.
Operator
Our next question comes from Mark Wilde of Bank of Montreal.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Tony, I hate to beat plastics to death, but I just, I got one more question here.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Fair enough.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
I think I heard you guys say earlier in the call, that you'd actually expected this sort of plastics restructuring to actually carry into 2017, and now you're also talking about delaying kind of the near-term moves a bit. So what kind of headwind can we expect to be there yet in 2017 for plastics?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah, I wouldn't view it that way. It is true that this program is going to take us into 2017 for sure. I mean, again this is a pretty major footprint we're working on. That's not a surprise either, we knew that, that to finish this, we have more still to do. But I think what you're – right now you're going through a lot of excess costs, more than we thought, to deal with customer issues. At some point we believe that it's going to fade away as we get lines moved and stable again. And so I think through 2016, as Adam said, we expect that we'll see that fade away, and yes, it's true that the comparison in the back half if that is what happens is helpful, plus you start to get some savings. And so I think as you get out into 2017, you're going to get some of the savings what you've already done. You're going to be sharing the incremental costs that you've been incurring, and then you'll be doing some other stuff that will create some of its own cost. But the net of that ought to be helpful to us in 2017.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Okay. All right. I got it. And then just in both plastics and metal, by the time we get into 2017, would you want to quantify about how much actual benefit we're getting?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Well, that we did when we started all this, what we said is that, we're going to be getting kind of our 15% to 20% type returns on the capital that is being spent, and that capital was some $25 million on plastic side and $100 million-ish on the can side. So that's kind of the magnitude of improvement we were out working on. But I think, again I want to – on the plastic side, there is a lot more to it than that. It's the savings, but it's also kind of getting ourselves positioned for the future. It was going to be a hard long-term answer for us, for some of these plants, given where they were or where the customers were.

Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Okay. All right, that's fair. And just one last one if I could. I think it's been about four years or five years since you did Vogel & Noot. And that's we haven't a heard a lot about that, it seems like it's generated less leverage than you would have expected. Any lessons you take away from that one?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
When you say less leverage, maybe I'll come back to you, but first of all, I would say that that business was certainly, it did very well at first, then Europe went through, whatever Europe has been going through. And then we had a very rough patch. So it was definitely disappointing to us, let's say, two years ago. Last year, it actually came back quite a bit, had a really good pack. And in fact what we said is, we didn't think we were going to be able to compete against that pack, and in fact that's not true and the business is going to actually should improve itself just a bit this year. FX is going to mitigate a lot of that.
But I would say that the big storyline of that business is, it's been pretty good for us. We think it's good for us to have exposure in those markets. It think the big storyline there was growing into developing markets where we really believe that Russia for example had a very sizeable markets that they were going to be and consumers et cetera. Clearly, we're much more cautious about that right now. That doesn't mean we're not watching it, looking and then we've got two plants there. But it's pretty hard to say we've got this strategy now where we're going to become the dominant player of Russia and invest in five new plants. That does mean as obvious. So the strategic element of it is a little bit different. But we got a really good team, they're very entrepreneurial, they find ways to get it done. And so we see it as a plus to the overall portfolio.
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Okay. That's really helpful, Tony. Good luck in the fourth quarter and good luck going into next year.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thanks. You sure you don't want to talk about plastics anymore?
Mark Wilde - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
It's good.
Operator
Our next question comes from Alex Ovshey of Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Good morning, guys. Actually, I have a few plastics one's for you.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
I'm happy with it.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Late in the call. The two plant closures, I may have missed that, but I think those are – that's a new data point. Was that always in the cards or did something change in the quarter that precipitated the decision to close the two plants?
Adam J. Greenlee - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Yeah. Those two plants have always been part of our overall program. Again, it was a much broader multi-year program, but the rationalization that we talked about in the press release, those have been planned and implemented.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Got it, Adam. And then just thinking about the end market exposure in the plastics business. So the targeted markets, personal care, healthcare, food, can you say what the growth rates has been for you there, and ultimately what percentage of the business that currently represents, and over time where you see that number going to as you execute on this restructuring program?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Sure. We've talked about – one of the two new plants is, a new piece of business was a new food customer. So there has been growth in there. If you talk about the relative market, these are low growth markets. The foods market is pretty well grown and personal care is pretty well grown. It's more about position in that market and because Silgan is such a sizeable food and packaging supplier across our portfolio of products. We view that as a really good area where we can help the customer, we can work closely with customers to forge longer-term solutions.

And so that's an area where we see growth opportunity on our own side, but the market will be a couple of percent growth. Personal care is kind of at same level growth. But again, we were seeing very solid sales growth. We're slowing that a little bit while we go through the optimization program right now, but we do see the opportunity, a good sales force in place. And if we're successful in having service model that I'm describing to you, we'll have a really good solution to sell.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Got it, Tony. Thank you. I'll turn it over.
Operator
We'll go next to George Staphos of Bank of America.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Hi, guys. A couple of – last question was on plastics. Just can you remind me, the reimbursement impact in the third quarter, what drove that? And was that something you called out in the second quarter, I don't recall. That's question number one. And then a question on level of competitive activity there, but I'll come back in a minute.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
On the customer reimbursement we called that out last year, in Q3 of 2014.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Oh, that's right.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
So what that was, it was a contractual obligation of payments for the reimbursement of kind of historical costs and the development of a new product that the customer ultimately decided not to take to market.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
That's right. I do recall that. Sorry about that. Now, I want to come back. I think you were answering Debbie's question or maybe Anthony's in terms of the volume factor. So you said there were three components. You said you rebalanced the portfolio, and then you reintroduced some volume back to the market, that was number two. And then customers, then found alternative supply. Did I get that all correctly?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Okay. So, what's the difference between the second and the third? Is it that because you reintroduced some volume back into your market, the customers were affected, chose to then find alternative supply for business that you already had and wanted to keep, but they wound up moving elsewhere?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
That is correct, yes.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Okay. So, I mean, again, not to be pedantic, but isn't that a sign of maybe competitive activity being more intense? And if not, why not?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
No, I don't think so. I think this is us identifying the challenges that we were facing and going proactively to our customers saying, this is going to be a problem for you and in order for us to again help protect our customers from the challenges that we're facing, we've asked them to go out and secure the other business. So I don't view it as a competitive activity at all. This is just us doing our best to protect our customers.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Okay. Even though it was some piece of business, you would have wanted to keep if you could have?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
That's what, I'm sure.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Okay. All right.
Adam J. Greenlee - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
It's just us knowing that we're going to hurt the customer, if we don't give them room to go solve the problem.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Okay. Fair enough. Thanks for the clarification there. Then last thing, can you update us on what you think the cash impact of all the rationalization and realignment is going to be this year? And what you think the cash, I'm not talking about capital expense now, I'm talking more about people cost and the like, what it will be in 2016? Thank you, guys, and good luck in the quarter.

Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Yeah. So, George, there is roughly $9 million of rationalization charges that we've recorded. The majority of that in both plants and plastics are equipment write-downs, so non-cash. There is about – so leaving about $2 million of cash charges for that. That kind of comes in two big slugs. There is a lease that will be ongoing over a period of time that will capture some of that, and then there is the severance payments that will be paid out to the folks that are let go.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Okay.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
And then I think we've said when we – in the metal food can side, we said when we announce the new line that there could be another – we estimated $10 million of spend as we get to shutting down some capacity.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Okay. Thank you very much.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Sure.
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Thanks, George.
Operator
We'll go next to Adam Josephson of KeyBanc.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Thanks for taking my follow-ups, I appreciate it. Just one more on next year just to make sure I'm just correct on these incremental costs. You talked about plastics cost being flattish next year compared to this year. I think metal can you said might be $10 million lower or so. Is that correct roughly?
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Yeah, that's what I've said but don't forget what I said on the metal food can side that I don't have that exact number. We haven't really done that...
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Sure.
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
...but yes, that is the guess that we made, yes.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
And just aside from that, Tony and Rob, anything aside from uses of cash, any notable items next year that might move the needle, tax rate, interest anything else?
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Pension maybe is the only one that I would point out as being probably still unknown at this point, right. Because we got to wait till the end of the year to see what the discount rate is, and I think it's anybody's guess as to what direction that's going right now. I think the underlying feeling right now is that, pension expense is probably a bit of a headwind for us next year, largely because asset performance this year hasn't been what we would have expected and that's been true across the markets. I don't think we're unique in that case. Order of magnitude could be call it $3 million to $5 million, so still income, but less income.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Got it. Thanks Bob. And just Tony, one last one, just in terms of managing the business. You're obviously in the three business lines, in numerous geographies. Has the business gotten any more difficult to manage than it was say five years to 10 years ago?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Well, it's a good question. Certainly, as we went international, that added a scope to it. Beyond that, I don't really think so. I think it is good to remember kind of how Silgan manages, right. We run a holding company. We've got very complete management teams in each of our businesses. So we have the luxury here where we don't have to sweat the day-to-day details. We can think more strategic. We can certainly stay involved with the important points that are happening. So, I think our structure is perfectly suited for increased complexity as we go forward. So yeah, to the extent it has, I think we're very well structured to deal with that. I don't think there is anything about that and what's going on right now. The plastic issue that we're facing, as we said, was going to come up in some form in any case. It's a little more expensive than we thought, but I don't attribute that to the fact that we've got more complexity and more issues to deal with.

Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Thanks a lot, Tony. Best of luck.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
You bet.
Operator
We have no other questions at this time. I'd like to turn it back to our presenters for any additional or closing remarks.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Great. Well, thank everyone for your time. We appreciate it. We look forward to talking about Q4 and 2016 in more detail early February. Thank you.
Operator
That does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Consumer Goods, Packaging & Containers, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All SLGN TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Consumer Goods and Retail Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Consumer Goods and Retail StocksLululemon Needs To Step Up Its YOGA Pants GameLULU• Today, 6:41 AM • Goddess DiogenesHarley Davidson - Lack Of Catalysts Keeps Me On The SidelinesHOG• Today, 5:44 AM • Kenra InvestorsHarley-Davidson: Riding Off Into The SunsetHOG• Today, 5:15 AM • Da Shi ResearchHershey: Overpriced And OverleveragedHSY• Today, 5:11 AM • Samuel Smith•1 CommentGeneral Motors - Earnings Preview For 2nd Quarter 2017GM• Yesterday, 1:42 PM • Brent A. Miller•6 CommentsLa-Z-Boy Forges Onward After Falling Short On Growth PlanLZB• Yesterday, 5:25 AM • Underanalyzed EquitiesI Am Loving My Dividends From Philip MorrisPM• Yesterday, 3:51 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•35 CommentsUnder Armour: Under Duress?UA, UAA• Yesterday, 3:24 AM • D.M. Martins Research•6 CommentsTime To Be More Tolerant For This Growth Dairy Stock?SAPIF• Sat, Jul. 22, 5:26 AM • Brad MacIntoshEstimating ANFI's FY 2018 Margins And EarningsANFI• Sat, Jul. 22, 12:49 AM • Sven Carlin•13 CommentsNorthsight Capital Makes Cannabis Stocks Look BadNCAP• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:59 PM • Debra Borchardt•2 CommentsCoca-Cola: Where Does It End?KO• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:04 PM • Josh Arnold•17 CommentsPhilip Morris Q2 Earnings Summary: What You Need To KnowPM• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:52 PM • ValueAnalyst•22 CommentsTesla's South Australia Battery Deal Shows Why The Company Is Not An Energy CompanyTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:30 PM • EnerTuition•242 CommentsSkechers Looks Good Into 2018SKX• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:19 PM • L&F Capital Management•6 CommentsDaily Insider Ratings Round Up 7/20/17: NAV, OLBK, SKIS, SHLO, TWNNAV• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:38 PM • InsiderInsightsAutomakers Invest In Nauto's $159 Million Financing RoundGM• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:37 PM • Donovan Jones•1 CommentAutonomous Driving Leaps Forward, Leaving Tesla BehindTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:14 PM • Donn Bailey•288 CommentsHotel California: Why Tesla Can Check Out Any Time It Likes, But It Can Never LeaveTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:13 PM • Trapping Value•161 CommentsVanguard Prepares To Destroy The S&P 500 AgainVDC• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:02 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•21 CommentsBurberry: Still Undervalued As It Builds Up To A Potentially Improved 2018?Editors' Pick • BURBY• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:00 AM • Dividend Drive•1 CommentAltria: Dividend Is Safe...For NowMO• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:11 AM • Josh Arnold•31 CommentsThe Dividend Stock Bubble Has Claimed Another VictimPM• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:04 AM • Josh Arnold•27 CommentsValue Trap: Adient Plc's Contradicting Growth OutlookADNT• Fri, Jul. 21, 8:19 AM • Centaur Investments•3 CommentsUnilever Up 43% YTD With More To ComeUL, UN• Fri, Jul. 21, 7:25 AM • Iron Value•10 CommentsFaurecia SA ACT 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFURCF• Fri, Jul. 21, 6:31 AM • SA TranscriptsAs Sales Plunge, GM Might Cancel 6 Car ModelsGM• Fri, Jul. 21, 6:10 AM • Wolf Richter•69 CommentsSkechers Shows Retail Footwear LivesSKX• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:33 AM • Quad 7 Capital•14 CommentsA Contrarian Vote In Favor Of McCormick's AcquisitionMKC• Thu, Jul. 20, 8:21 PM • Vince Martin•19 CommentsTesla Solar Roof, The Odds Of Surviving Home Solar MarketTSLA• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:57 PM • X. Dong Wang•110 CommentsWhere Are The Solar Roofs?TSLA• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:08 PM • Galileo Russell•184 CommentsA. Schulman: How Did I Not See This Train Wreck Coming?SHLM• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:31 PM • Quad 7 CapitalCampbell Soup (CPB) Investor Presentation - SlideshowCPB• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:35 PM • SA TranscriptsCampbell Soup (CPB) Investor Presentation - SlideshowCPB• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:35 PM • SA TranscriptsBunge (BG) Updates On Competitiveness Program - SlideshowBG• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:22 PM • SA TranscriptsEthan Allen Interiors (ETH) Investor Presentation - SlideshowETH• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:00 PM • SA TranscriptsBMW Leads Investment In Used-Car Marketplace ShiftBMWYY• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:50 PM • Donovan JonesTilly's: The Best Of A Bad SectorTLYS• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:32 PM • Vince MartinChurch & Dwight: Waterpik Deal Looks Decent; Valuation Remains FullCHD• Thu, Jul. 20, 12:17 PM • The Value Investor•5 CommentsMcCormick - 'Winner' Of Reckitt Benckiser's Food Business AuctionMKC• Thu, Jul. 20, 11:55 AM • The Value Investor•13 CommentsUnder Armour Will Outlast Negative NewsUAA• Thu, Jul. 20, 11:43 AM • Brent A. Miller•11 CommentsThe Only Detriment For Philip MorrisPM• Thu, Jul. 20, 11:18 AM • Jonathan Weber•14 CommentsPhilip Morris: Let It FallPM• Thu, Jul. 20, 10:25 AM • Quad 7 Capital•25 CommentsPhilip Morris International Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPM• Thu, Jul. 20, 10:20 AM • SA Transcripts•4 CommentsPhilip Morris Quits SmokingPM• Thu, Jul. 20, 10:00 AM • ValueAnalyst•54 CommentsCampbell Soup: Red Flags For A Red LabelCPB• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:43 AM • Dan Stringer•10 CommentsPolaris Industries Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPII• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:23 AM • SA TranscriptsWABCO Holdings Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesWBC• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:03 AM • SA TranscriptsUnilever Plc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesUL• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:37 AM • SA TranscriptsWould Tesla Acquire Faraday Future And Lucid Motors?TSLA• Wed, Jul. 19, 7:59 PM • Anton Wahlman•89 CommentsTesla Ownership: T. Rowe Price Sells, What's Next?TSLA• Wed, Jul. 19, 6:08 PM • ValueAnalyst•283 CommentsSan Miguel: Riding The Political Waves In The PhilippinesSMGBY• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:45 PM • Nick Cox•2 CommentsZEV Credits: They're Real And They're Spectacular!TSLA• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:24 PM • Kurt B. Feierabend•125 CommentsNow Is Not The Time To Buy TeslaTSLA• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:44 PM • Isaac Tang•68 CommentsImitation Is The Sincerest Form Of FlatteryVLKAY• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:33 PM • Life Sciences Millennial•1 CommentDo New Tesla Board Additions Signal Big Changes Ahead?TSLA• Wed, Jul. 19, 11:38 AM • Donn Bailey•137 CommentsTiffany & Company Is Outclassed By Signet Jewelers And MovadoMOV• Wed, Jul. 19, 10:50 AM • DJ Habig•3 CommentsValue in TAPTAP• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:38 AM • Tim Gruppi•15 CommentsCampbell Soup Company - Why Legacy Products Will Die A Slow DeathCPB• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:30 AM • James Sands•6 CommentsNeenah Paper: Well Positioned In A Niche Premium MarketNP• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:17 AM • Dustin Barnett•4 CommentsDiebold Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesDBD• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:09 AM • SA TranscriptsTesla Investors Swallow The Blue PillTSLA• Wed, Jul. 19, 6:31 AM • Montana Skeptic•579 CommentsProcter & Gamble: Let The Fun BeginPG• Wed, Jul. 19, 5:58 AM • Activist Stocks•12 CommentsProcter & Gamble: Can The Supertanker Be Turned?PG• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:35 AM • John Abbink•5 CommentsVolvo AB ADR B 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesVOLVY• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:22 AM • SA TranscriptsWhy I Changed My Mind About GentexGNTX• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:10 AM • Samuel Smith•9 CommentsHarley-Davidson Spirals Down, Announces U.S. Layoffs, Builds Factory In ThailandHOG• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:44 AM • Wolf Richter•33 CommentsEcolab: A High Quality Dividend Aristocrat Held By Bill GatesECL• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:42 AM • Simply Safe Dividends•12 CommentsHarley-Davidson, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHOG• Wed, Jul. 19, 12:57 AM • SA TranscriptsMolson Coors: Brewing Up A Comeback?TAP• Tue, Jul. 18, 9:43 PM • Benjamin Handler•12 CommentsCoty: What The Numbers SayCOTY• Tue, Jul. 18, 9:19 PM • Casacampo•3 CommentsVolkswagen Plans To Make Electric Cars Competitive On Price: Watch Out TeslaVLKAF, VLKAY, VLKPY• Tue, Jul. 18, 9:15 PM • Keith Williams•78 CommentsPepsi Vs. Hormel Foods: Which The Better Buy Here?HRL, PEP• Tue, Jul. 18, 5:15 PM • Peter F. Way, CFA•9 CommentsTesla In China: A Mega OpportunityTSLA• Tue, Jul. 18, 3:59 PM • Galileo Russell•109 CommentsTesla's Technological ChallengeTSLA• Tue, Jul. 18, 3:09 PM • David Pinsen•119 Comments123456...434Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Vodafone Group's (VOD) CEO Vittorio Colao on Q1 2018 Trading Update Conference Call (Transcript)


VOD•
      Sat, Jul. 22,  5:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Metso Corporation's (MXTOF) CEO Matti Kähkönen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MXTOF•
      Sat, Jul. 22, 12:08 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ingenico Group's (INGIF) CEO Philippe Lazare on Acquisition of Bambora & Q2 2017 Trading Update (Transcript)


INGIF•
      Fri, Jul. 21, 10:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Danske Bank's (DNSKF) CEO Thomas Borgen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DNSKF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cinedigm (CIDM) Cinedigm Bison Agreement Conference (Transcript)


CIDM•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Western Alliance Bancorporation's (WAL) CEO Robert Sarver on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WAL•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Mobile Mini's (MINI) CEO Erik Olsson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MINI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Givaudan's (GVDNY) CEO Gilles Andrier on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GVDNY•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




MB Financial's (MBFI) CEO Mitchell Feiger on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MBFI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cementos Pacasmayo's (CPAC) CEO Humberto Nadal on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CPAC•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Sensient Technologies' (SXT) CEO Paul Manning on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SXT•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Moody's (MCO) CEO Raymond McDaniel on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MCO•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:09 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Regions Financial's (RF) CEO Grayson Hall on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Accell Group (ACGPF) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACGPF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:52 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Del Frisco's Restaurant Group's (DFRG) CEO Norman Abdallah on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DFRG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Volaris Aviation's (VLRS) CEO Enrique Beltranena on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VLRS•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Colgate-Palmolive's (CL) CEO Ian Cook on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CL•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



McClatchy's (MNI) CEO Craig Forman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MNI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:42 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Badger Meter's (BMI) CEO Rich Meeusen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BMI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




OFG Bancorp's (OFG) CEO Jose Rafael Fernandez on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OFG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




General Electric's (GE) CEO Jeff Immelt on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GE•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:24 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•22 Comments 



Husky's (HUSKF) CEO Rob Peabody on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HUSKF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:21 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Glacier Bancorp's (GBCI) CEO Randall Chesler on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GBCI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Honeywell International's (HON) CEO Darius Adamczyk on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HON•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:15 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



CoBiz Financial's (COBZ) CEO Steve Bangert on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


COBZ•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ameris Bancorp's (ABCB) CEO Edwin Hortman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ABCB•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:46 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Banco Latinoamericano De Comercio Exterior's (BLX) CEO Rubens Amaral On Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BLX•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:44 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Citizens Financial Group's (CFG) CEO Bruce Van Saun on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CFG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:31 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Kansas City Southern's (KSU) CEO Patrick Ottensmeyer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KSU•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Huntington Bancshares' (HBAN) CEO Steve Steinour on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HBAN•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  2:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•3 Comments 




123456...4430Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 
Anthony J. Allott, Dir., Pres., CEO, Silgan Holdings Inc.














A publisher of Business Information since 1983   
  





 


   

Search Business Search Executive 
  Advanced Search 




  

Sign In  |  Hints 









Profile of Anthony Allott 





 


Anthony Allott

 

Dir., Pres., CEO - Silgan Holdings Inc.

 


Anthony Allott Email :
Please login 

 

Company Name : 
Silgan Holdings Inc. 

 

Company Website : 
www.silganholdings.com 

 

Company Address : 
4 Landmark Sq, Stamford, CT,United States, 


 


Anthony Allott Profile :
Dir., Pres., CEO - Silgan Holdings Inc. 

 


Anthony Allott Biography :


Anthony J. Allott has been one of our Directors since June 2006 and has been our Chief Executive Officer since March 2006 and our President since August 2004. Previously he was our Chief Operating Officer from May 2005 until March 2006. From May 2002 until August 2004, Mr. Allott was our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to joining us, Mr. Allott was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Applied Extrusion Technologies, Inc., or AET, since July 1996. From July 1994 until July 1996, Mr. Allott was Vice President and Treasurer of AET. From 1992 until July 1994, Mr. Allott was Corporate Controller and Director of Financial Reporting of Ground Round Restaurants. Prior to that, Mr. Allott was a certified public accountant with Deloitte & Touche LLP. 

 


Anthony Allott Colleagues :





Name 
Title 
Email 


Frank Hogan 
Sr. VP, General Counsel, Sec. 
Please login 


Jeffrey Crow 
Board Dir. 
Please login 


James Beam 
Exec. VP 
Please login 


Malcolm Miller 
VP, Treasurer 
Please login 


Robert Lewis 
Exec. VP, CFO 
Please login 













            Home  |  About Us  |  Product Information   |  Subscription  |  List Builder   |  Executive List   |  Email Lists   |  Contact Us  |  Site Map  |  Browse Directory    





 

� 2009, Walkers's Research - A publisher of Business Information since 1983, All Rights Reserved.



Silgan Holdings (SLGN) Anthony J. Allott on Q2 2015 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Silgan Holdings (SLGN) Anthony J. Allott on Q2 2015 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptJul.22.15 | About: Silgan Holdings, (SLGN) Silgan Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:SLGN)
Q2 2015 Earnings Call
July 22, 2015 11:00 am ET
Executives
Kimberly I. Ulmer - Vice President & Controller
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Adam J. Greenlee - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Analysts
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Anojja Shah - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Operator
Please standby. We're about to begin. Thank you for joining the Silgan Holdings Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Results Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Kim Ulmer, Vice President and Controller. Please go ahead.
Kimberly I. Ulmer - Vice President & Controller
Thank you. Joining me from the company today, I have Tony Allott, President and CEO; Bob Lewis, EVP and CFO; and Adam Greenlee, EVP and COO.
Before we begin the call today, we would like to make it clear that certain statements made today on this conference call may be forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made based upon management's expectations and beliefs concerning future events impacting the company, and therefore, involve a number of uncertainties and risks, including, but not limited to those described in the company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2014 and other filings with the SEC. Therefore, the actual results of operations or financial condition of the company could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements.
With that, I'll turn it over to Tony.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thank you, Kim. Welcome, everyone, to our second quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Our agenda for the morning will focus on the financial performance for the second quarter and then a review of our outlook for 2015. After our prepared remarks, Bob, Adam and I will be pleased to answer any questions.
As you saw in the press release, we delivered second quarter adjusted earnings per diluted share of $0.71 right in line with our expectations. This was slightly behind our $0.73 adjusted earnings per diluted share in the comparable quarter of 2014, as each of our businesses were impacted by inefficiencies and incremental costs from their separate footprint optimization programs.
Our metal container business delivered 11% volume improvement, as a result of new business associated with the Van Can acquisition, an earlier start to the Midwest vegetable pack and solid volumes in the European business.
We're pleased with this growth in the metal container business and are focused on meeting the increased demand requirements from our existing infrastructure this year while at the same time working to better align our geographic footprint and reduce the cost of the recently acquired Van Can supply to more profitably service this business in the future.
Our closures business which successfully integrated Portola Packaging last year has shifted the moving production assets to shared facilities. As a result, the business will be better prepared to service national customers with our diverse product lines on a more efficient geographic basis. Progress already made on this effort allowed us to reduce our inventory levels resulting in temporary lower cost absorption during the quarter.
Our plastic container business continues to implement a footprint realignment and optimization plan, intended to enhance our competitive position in the long-term and partly mitigate significant price reductions on recent customer contract renewals in the near-term. While the initial timeline of these programs now appears aggressive, progress is being achieved on these efforts. Results in the quarter were further compounded by continued softness in several of our end markets.

Based on our year-to-date performance and our outlook for the remainder of the year, we're confirming our full-year estimate of adjusted earnings per share in the range of $3.10 to $3.30.
With that, I'll now turn over to Bob to review the financial results in a bit more detail and provide additional explanation around our earnings estimates for 2015.
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Thank you, Tony. Good morning, everyone. As Tony highlighted, we delivered quarterly results very much in line with our expectations. As we discussed on previous calls, 2015 is expected to be a transition year across all three of our businesses and there is no doubt we felt the effects of that transition in the second quarter.
On a consolidated basis, net sales for the second quarter of 2015 were $914.2 million, a decline of $3.1 million, as decreases in the closure and plastic container businesses due partly to the impact of unfavorable foreign currency were partially offset by increased sales in the metal container business.
Net income for the second quarter was $42.2 million, or $0.70 per diluted share, compared to second quarter of 2014 net income of $44 million, or $0.69 per diluted share.
Results for 2015 included rationalization charges of $1 million for total increase of adjusted earnings per share of $0.01, while results for 2014 included rationalization charges of $900,000 and a loss in Venezuela of $2.9 million, for a total increase of adjusted earnings per share of $0.04. As a result, we delivered adjusted income per diluted share of $0.71 in 2015 versus $0.73 in 2014.
Interest and other debt expense decreased $2.2 million to $16.8 million for the quarter, primarily as a result of lower weighted average borrowing rates, lower average outstanding borrowings and a favorable impact from foreign currency translation.
Capital expenditures for the second quarter of 2015 totaled $49.4 million compared with $33 million in the prior year quarter. Year-to-date capital expenditures totaled $98.2 million versus $60 million in the prior year. Additionally, we paid a quarterly dividend of $0.16 per share in June with a total cash cost of $9.8 million and repurchased shares during the quarter for a total purchase price of $7.6 million. Share repurchases on a year-to-date basis were $169.5 million.
I'll now provide some specifics regarding each of the financial performances of our businesses. The metal container business recorded net sales of $553.7 million for the second quarter of 2015, an increase of $35 million or 6.7% versus the prior year quarter. This increase is primarily a result of 11% higher unit volumes, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency of $17.5 million. Volumes were higher year-over-year as a result of incremental U.S. volumes associated with the Van Can acquisition and an earlier start to the Midwest vegetable pack and Europe also had stronger volumes.
Income from operations in the metal container business was $48.3 million for the second quarter 2015 versus $50.9 million in the same period a year ago. The decrease in operating income was primarily due to higher manufacturing cost due largely to logistical challenges from changes in customer demand patterns, the inclusion of less efficient Van Can operations and a less favorable mix of products sold, partially offset by the higher volumes.
Net sales in the closures business decreased $25.1 million to $207.1 million for the quarter, primarily due to the unfavorable impact of foreign currency of $18.8 million, and the pass-through of lower resin costs, partially offset by a 1% improvement in unit volumes.
Income from operations in the closures business for the second quarter of 2015 was $24.6 million, down $0.6 million versus the prior year quarter. This reduction was primarily the result of unfavorable foreign currency translation and a reduction in inventory during the second quarter of 2015, partially offset by the second quarter 2014 operational loss of $2.9 million in Venezuela and higher unit volumes. The second quarter 2015 inventory reduction is a result of returning to a more normal inventory level after building inventory in the second quarter of 2014 to facilitate the Portola integration.

Net sales in the plastic container business were $153.4 million for the second quarter of 2015, down $13 million versus the prior year quarter. This decrease was largely due to the pass-through of lower raw material costs, the impact of unfavorable foreign currency translation of $4.4 million, the unfavorable impact from recent longer-term customer contract renewals and a 2% decline in volumes due to weaker demand in certain end markets.
Operating income decreased $3.6 million to $9.4 million for the second quarter of 2015. This decrease was primarily related to the unfavorable impact from recent longer-term customer contract renewals, as well as the delayed implementation of certain mitigating cost reduction programs, manufacturing inefficiencies associated with planned equipment moves and new business awards, lower volumes and the impact of unfavorable foreign currency translation.
Turning now to our outlook for 2015, based on our year-to-date performance and the outlook for the remainder of the year, we are confirming our estimate of adjusted net income per diluted share in the range of $3.10 to $3.30 per share, which excludes the impact from certain adjustments outlined in Table B of our press release.
We're also providing third quarter of 2015 estimate of adjusted earnings in the range of $1.35 to $1.45 per diluted share. As we've discussed in the past, given the magnitude of the third quarter and the potential impact of unforecasted movements in harvest dates, the earnings in the back half of the year can shift meaningfully between Q3 and Q4.
Consistent with prior guidance, we continue to forecast free cash flow generation to be approximately $100 million, largely a result of the incremental capital spending across the various footprint optimization programs throughout the businesses, along with the construction of the three new facilities.
That concludes our prepared comments. So we can open it up for Q&A and I'll turn it back to Jennifer who can provide directions for the Q&A session.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Yes. We'll go first to Chris Manuel with Wells Fargo.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Good morning, gentlemen.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Good morning, Chris.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Just a couple of questions, let me start with the metal food business, sounds like it did really, really well, pulled some volume ahead. Could you maybe give us a sense, I mean, as you look at the full year or you think about what happened in 2Q in the big picture, is that essentially what happened, some of the volume was more or less pulled ahead that will kind of come at the expense of 3Q and 4Q or do you feel that the situation created earlier crops, better weather, what have you, improved situation somewhat, or how would you think about that?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Hey, Chris, it's Tony. We certainly are expecting to have up volumes for the year. So I would not say everything about the quarter was just about pull ahead. It does appear that we got in the vegetable pack, the Midwest got off to an early start. You'll also recall last year we talked about one customer who was not promoting as hard, so that customer seems to be doing exactly what they said, which is getting back to promotion and filling at a higher rate. So you kind of have those two impacts, which look like pull ahead, but you also have all the business associated with Van Can acquisition that's coming in and will be additive for the year. So the answer is sort of a hybrid. Yes, there is a pull ahead. Yes, there is some chance some of it will come out of Q3; in fact, most surely will. Our estimate for the rest of the year does assume a pretty good pack, so again we are expecting solid numbers from the pack. Everything indicates that way. I'll wait for the follow-up question on that to get in detail on the pack, but I think that rounds out your question.

Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Yeah, and I mean, so full-year what are you anticipating for volumes? I guess that's inclusive of Van Can, and then if maybe you could give us a little color, too, on Europe?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Sure. I think I said, if you're staying in cans, we are expecting up kind of mid-ish single-digit volumes in the food can business. That does include Europe as well in that number. Europe was strong year-to-date. We continue to see what looks to be a pretty good growing season in Europe. So, our expectation right now is to be comparable or up a bit from what was a very strong pack year last year.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Okay. That's helpful. My follow-up question is, it pertains to the plastics unit. It sounds like maybe you had some plans to some of the relocation stuff that proved to be a bit aggressive. Could you maybe give us a little more color there as to what's changed, what's pushed back? Is it changing any of the opportunity that you think you'll have, how much for extra cost or things associated in the quarter, that kind of stuff?
Adam J. Greenlee - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Hey, Chris. It's Adam. Looking at our plastics business and the optimization plans that we had in place, the one important thing to remember is that there's not a lot of new capacity going into these optimization plans. So, we are taking our best assets that exist in the network, for the most part, and getting them located in our lowest cost facilities and closer to our customers. So, you are talking about moving existing equipment that has business, that's already booked on it, and is also in the process of commercializing new business awards that we've won as well.
So, that being said, really the primary focus of the business right now is servicing those customers, both existing customers and the ones that we've won new business with. And so, versus where that is part of the delay and moving the lines, as we are making sure that we're fulfilling all of our commitments to our customers off of that equipment. So, really, that's the biggest part for the delay is that we've just continued to have challenges and finding the time, if you will, to move those lines. And so you are correct, it's delayed versus where we thought. We still think we're on the right path, we still think we have the right plans as far as the two new operating facilities that are being built, and we'll get to the footprint that we had originally designed.
Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
All right. Is there a way that you can quantify for us, I mean, I see total volumes down 2%, but it sounds like you are winning good chunks of business and I'm sure there is some ebb and flow, some things you kind of let go, some things come in or a natural move, is there a way to kind of give us a sense of how the commercial teams are doing winning new business, is it going along the path you'd hoped, we were kind of looking for over the next year or two some kind of chunk improvements there in volume, but how would you characterize for us the commercialization efforts?
Adam J. Greenlee - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Sure. What I would say number one again we're experiencing some soft market demand from our organic business. So it is putting a damper on the new business awards as we commercialize them, but I would say that we're having good success. We're implementing the plan from a new business standpoint that we identified early on, activity levels remain very good as far as quoting and actually getting those new business awards. So we're securing business and the timing of that commercialization varies really depending upon the market and the customer, but I would say that we're doing a pretty good job commercially, it's just we haven't been able to offset the softness in the market that we've seen organically.

Christopher D. Manuel - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Okay. Thank you.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thanks, Chris.
Operator
We'll go next to Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Thanks. Good morning, Tony, Bob, and Adam. Hope you're doing well. One on the supply chain inefficiencies in the metal container business, Bob can you quantify what the EBIT drag was out of the total year-on-year drag of $2.6 million, I think it was?
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Yeah. So I think we're thinking that the inefficiencies across the broader part of the year is going to be somewhere in the $10 million to $15 million range. And so you might expect that we're early into that. We're feeling the effects particularly in one of the lower quarters. So it's kind of right in line, I would call it in the $3 million range.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Got it.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
This is Tony, I just want to add one thing, just having kind of looked at the notes out this morning. I think, just to be clear that number Bob just gave you, was a number we gave right out of the box when we started this year. There is really no surprise to us in this. It's not a case of our operations not performing or anything else. Literally it's a footprint challenge that we knew we had coming into the year as customers moved their fill. And so basically it's played out almost exactly as we expected thus far.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Thanks, Tony. I appreciate that. One other one on the U.S. food can business. How would you characterize pricing at the moment?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Again, recall that we're 90% under contract where we went through over the last year to two, we did a lot of new contracts because of the investments we were making around Can Vision 2020. So to us, there is no market movement and price to speak of. But beyond that, I wouldn't say there is anything unusual in the market around that. So I would call it stable passing through our raw material costs as you'd expect and nothing new there.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Thanks, Tony. Just two others, Bob, one just housekeeping question, tax rate and interest for the year?
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Sure, the tax rate, as you saw the tax rate is a bit lower in the quarter than the prior year, came in at about 31.3%. So we're expecting the full-year to probably be in the neighborhood of 33%, 33%-plus a little bit. And the primary drivers there around the lower rate are – we had a positive impact of having higher profits in lower tax jurisdictions, which benefited the rate. And then we also had a rate change related to some of the certain international financings, which benefited the rate as well. Embedded in there, there is a small catch-up in the quarter, for that rate change. But as you'll see in the full-year rate, these are recurring tax benefits. So, we're expecting the rate to now be lower on a year-over-year basis.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Thanks. Interest expense?
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Sure. On the interest side, I think the primary driver basically is unchanged from where we had talked about in the prior quarters, other than the fact that you had a benefit hit on the interest line for FX and that's really only partially offsetting about a $4 million hit on the EBIT line that sits throughout the rest of the businesses. So the net FX impact is about $0.03, and that's pretty well right in line with what we had talked about in the last quarter, when we adjusted our guidance for the FX impact.

Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
That helps a lot, Bob. Thanks. And just one last one on the tender. Your shares are trading below the low end of the tender range, obviously when the tender happened, the tender priced at the high-end, now they're below the low-end. And I think if I look at the last couple of tenders, the shares went right through the high-end and kept marching up, so this seems to be different than previous instances. Are you at all surprised by what's happened in that regard?
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Yeah. I mean look, our business is not to focus on what the stock market reaction is. We kind of looked at this as just exactly what it was: a return of capital, and it was up to the shareholders to make their own decision as to whether they wanted that return or whether they saw value in the equity. I think we're happy with the way the business is performing and we see long-term value created. So, I'll leave it at that and not pass judgment on where people make their decisions.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Got it. Thanks a lot, Bob. Appreciate it.
Operator
We'll go next to George Staphos with Bank of America.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Hi, everyone. Good morning. Thanks for all the details. I want to maybe start off in plastics, Tony, Bob and Adam, you went through a number of qualitative description in terms of what's happening in the market, and why some of these initiatives are maybe being delayed somewhat? I guess to start, I would ask, if you had to index the market right now versus what you would see as normal demand, where would you see it for your end market, is it a 95, if 100 is normal, is it 80, could you help us understand where the market is relative to what you would like to see or normally expect to see? And in turn, is there a way to quantify how that might be having an effect on your delays and any of your cost mitigation efforts or if that's a totally separate subject? Thanks and I'll have a few others.
Adam J. Greenlee - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Okay. Thanks, George, it's Adam. I guess if we're trying to index the demand in our plastics business, I would say it's probably roughly around a 90 out of a 100. In my opinion, I think what's happened George is, as we rebalance our portfolio and bring in these new business awards, it does create a little bit of complication to our system, and so, we're not as efficient as you are when you're up and running commercial products and you've got cut-ins and start-ups associated with the new businesses. But to quantify that is pretty difficult. But it is a result of lower absorption because the volume is down and we are running less efficiently, because we are qualifying new products. So, as we go forward, the footprint optimization really isn't impacted by that to a large degree, simply because that is a longer term plan that we have that really gets the business back to a competitively advantaged position in the marketplace. So, we do have a short-term issue with our volume, with the delayed implementation of the cost mitigation efforts for the price concessions that we gave. But we do think that we're on the right path and that we will look to be at that run rate as we head into 2016 at this point.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Okay. Two questions, one if I would just on the level of market demand relative to what complications it may or may not be bringing into the operating issue for the plastics business. I would imagine that if demand is substandard in the market, that maybe gives you more flexibility to do the operating work, right, because you have less demand on your existing capacity from your various end markets. So, would that not help your ability, if demand is slower in the market to get these projects done. And then, I may have missed it and I apologize if I did. Where specifically – what are the sources for the delays in the cost mitigation effort initiatives?

Adam J. Greenlee - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Okay. So, back to market demand, George. I think the important thing to realize there is that we service many different markets and have different customers and plants all over the country. So unfortunately, the target markets that we are focused on are doing fairly well from a demand standpoint. That's also where we're growing and getting new business awards. So you got the kind of complicating factor that your busiest lines, your busiest plants are also experiencing heavy volume of new business awards because they're the markets that we are focused on and that we are attempting to implement our growth strategy on. So that is part of the complication. So it doesn't necessarily benefit us that the market softness in the plastics market in general to qualify additional new business because where we see softness is not necessarily where we're growing.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Understood.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
And if you look at the delays in the mitigation, it falls right into it, right, because those are the very same lines that we're looking to move and relocate and optimize and get our best assets and our lowest cost plants closest to our customers, those are the lines that we're running 24/7. And that we are trying to optimize right now. So it's been a complicating factor. But I think when you get into it by customer by market segment, it does add a little clarity.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
That's fair. Two quickies on metal and I'll turn it over. Could you provide if possible, what the organic, i.e. excluding Van Can, volumes were for metal on a year-on-year basis in the quarter? And then, when I looked at the revenue percentage changes – I did my own based on what you said for FX, I came up with roughly about a percentage point or so remaining gap to the negative. Was that pass-through of steel? I know you said, I think to Adam's question, there has been no change in pricing. But was there any price erosion that was beyond pass-through or was there another issue there? Thanks, guys. I'll turn it over.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thanks, George. Yeah, so on the growth, we had 11% growth. The number one contributor to that was the addition of new businesses associated with Van Can acquisition. So that was less than half, but the largest component. The next largest component was the pack business coming in. And then finally, you had Europe being the third in that. So that gives you kind of a bit of a scaling on that. So you did have the organic growth that comes from both Europe and from the pack. Those two in combination are greater than half of that increase.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
That's helpful. Thank you, Tony.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Some of that pulled forward. The margin question, I think that the other biggest point on margin is now recall that Van Can and associate business. What we've said is we bought a business that was losing money. That our plan was, and continues to be, to improve the profitability of those plants that we brought on, bring in new assets, new skill sets, et cetera. And that's exactly we intend to do. So one of the biggest pieces of the volume gain is basically add no profit. So that's the rest of kind of your margin answer. Sorry, that plus all of the logistical elements that we talked about. So you got high freight costs, high warehouse costs, you're moving a lot of product around, you're not necessarily making the most efficient location because you can't. That's not where the customer needs it. So you got those two points that are sitting on the margin as well.

George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
But I apologize, I was referring to revenue. So there's a point to the negative on revenue. Was that pass-through of steel if I adjust for currency and what you said volume was?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah. No. All that is, is that the mix of the products of Van Can and associate are much lower price point product. They're not our average. So...
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Okay.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
That's what we would call a mix point.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Understood. Thank you.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Great. Thanks, George.
Operator
We'll go next to Chip Dillon with Vertical Research Partners.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC
Yes. Thank you very much. And good morning, Tony and Bob.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Hi, Chip.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC
First question is on some of the overseas operations. I know, I think you have, what, two plants, I think or several in Russia, Ukraine and Jordan and with all the – I know, we haven't heard much about Russia and Ukraine in the last six months. Have things started to maybe improve slowly there or are we still sort of in the same mode as we were back when the tensions were higher?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Sure. I think the answer is shortly it depends upon which market you're talking about. I think as to the Ukraine, it's still a pretty difficult market. I think, as we've talked about in the past that plant was cited to export into Russia, and that's obviously not happening to the degree that we would have wanted it to when we cited the plant there. So there is very little activity that's happening in that plant right now, so that's a little bit of a drag for us.
The Russian plants are actually from a volume perspective doing pretty nicely. They saw pretty good pack volumes. They had an early P (28:35) pack there. I think everything that the growers can grow and pack there, they're doing so. So the volumes are pretty good. I think the caution remains and we've been at this for a while now trying to mitigate a lot of the risk here, is around what's going to happen to the economy, what kind of liquidity exists there. So just to remind you, we did index all of our contracts over there into euro to mitigate exposure to the ruble which has been done and the market is still operating that way. We've kind of indexed our customers on a credit worthiness basis, and we're being very prudent about what kind of credit we're extending to customers. Only the very top tier customers are getting extended credit. Others are being serviced, but serviced either cash in advance or cash on delivery. So more of the same and the team that we have on the ground over there is paying close attention. So I would say we're cautiously optimistic, given the volume outlook in Russia, but doing everything we can to mitigate the risk on a go-forward basis.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC
Okay. And in Jordan, anything remarkable there, good or bad, or is that sort of steady as it goes?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah. Well, steady for that part of the world is all relative, right, but I think we're seeing decent volume there as more and more filling capacity came into Jordan to service the broader Middle East. So that's doing okay. From time to time as the fighting gets closure to the various borders, we may see temporary shutdowns in terms of our freight lanes. And so we experienced some of that, but overall that business seems to be doing very good relative to where it was a year or two ago, which is basically had no volume at that point.

Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC
Okay. And then just as a follow-up, I know you mentioned the $10 million to $15 million, I guess, headwind you have this year in the plastics business given all the moving parts. Do you think you'll get pretty much all of that back next year or will it take a while to sort of get everything worked out, and maybe you won't see it all back until 2017, but if you could just clarify that? And then secondly if I think about what you're doing in food can, so I know that's still in progress, if we assume metal prices stayed flat, do you think the unit cost of the whole business would actually decline next year even though you would expect maybe a couple percent inflation with wages and other costs?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah. I think just to clarify the point and probably both now sort of related here, but the $10 million to $15 million headwind that we referenced is in the containers business, not in the plastics business.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC
Oh, I'm sorry.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
So – so, that – we will experience that through the year. I think, the thinking right now is that we'll kind of get – as the plants come up and running, we'll start to mitigate that in the early part of 2016. And we'll be at the full run rate recovery of that by the time we get to the end of 2016. So I think all of that leads me to think that, yeah, you're right on the second point that, that will have impact on the overall cost structure of the business or on the unit cost...
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC
But – and, of course, you will get more than that I would think, right, that we would see over time that – so, you get the $10 million to $15 million back, and then you get the other improvements that you're looking at?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Over the longer-term, and then what we've said there is that we would expect that the return profile of this project would be kind of in the normal 15% to 20% kind of range on a return basis.
Adam J. Greenlee - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
So long as we understand there is a little bit of overlap on those two topics. So some of those costs we're experiencing, we knew we had embedded in our system that helped drive the investment for the plant, not all of them, but some of them. See it's not a perfect two discrete points. There is some of the project that's justified and mitigating some of those costs that we had to take on.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC
Okay. Understood. Understood. And lastly, could you just remind us some – I know earlier in the company's life as you were, I guess, growing more rapidly with acquisitions, you were willing to run your leverage up, although you were always quick to pay it down. Could you just – given your footprint and your current business mix, if there were opportunities that were larger that came down the road, how do you think about your balance sheet in this day and age? And sort of how much debt would you incur until you would start thinking about equity to top that up, if again, assuming hypothetically an opportunity were available?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah, sure. I think, we've been pretty consistent for quite some time now saying that we thought the kind of the normalized run rate for leverage for us, the goalpost if you will are kind of 2.5 times to 3.5 times year-end net debt to EBITDA leverage.
So, I don't think there is much changed about that in terms of how we think about longer term, but for the right opportunity, we certainly would consider leveraging beyond the 3.5 times, I'd point you back to 2011, when we looked at the large transaction in that year, we would have taken the leverage to up 4.25 times, 4.3 times or so.

I think, all of that really depends upon, what the cash flow generation profile of the pro forma business looks like. And if it gives us the opportunity to come back in line to that 2.5 time to 3.5 time metric in a relatively short period of time, we'd be happy to do it. I think, in terms of the where the bright line is between where we debt finance and equity finance, I think it all depends upon what the impact to the overall cost-of-debt is with the leverage and appetite to the lending community.
So it's a more difficult one to answer, other than to say that we've – of all the deals we've done, we've not done an equity deal. That one deal in 2011, that I referenced would have had an equity component to it. So, it's not something that we were opposed to. It just would take a deal of significant size to probably drive us there.
Chip A. Dillon - Vertical Research Partners LLC
Okay. Very helpful. Thank you.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thanks, Chip.
Operator
We'll go next to Ghansham Punjabi with Baird.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Hey, guys. Good morning.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Good morning, Ghansham.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
I guess, first off, post the footprint optimization, what do you think your incremental margins would be for each of your operating segments? Would it be greater than what you had maybe five years ago, or is it basically getting you back to those levels?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Well, it depends by business, of course. I think, in the containers business, the metal can business, our expectation would be to kind of get back to where we were a couple of years prior. Recognize, of course, that with our pass-through of raw materials, all of this is a little hard to answer. But that would be the basic concept there. In the plastics side, ultimately our goal is to improve where we were, if you go back to that time period, and we would view success as getting back to where we were much further back. And I – and we've talked about this before that it's going to be – I think, what we'd like to do is get back to the five year ago in the next few years.
And if we can get back to where we were a decade ago, somewhat longer period than that. That may take us really growing into some of these target markets, et cetera, finishing getting this footprint costs down, probably making some more investment in new footprint behind new customers. So, those will be our expectations.
I think, the closures business will be the most gradual of all of those partly because what we've done was pretty gradual this year. It's not major changes to the footprint. We already got the Portola – the lion's share of the Portola benefit was already in the numbers from last year. So, I would say of the three, that would be the most gradual.
Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Okay. That's really helpful. And then just in terms of sort of secular demand for metal food cans. Target on the retail side announced de-emphasizing the metal soup cans earlier this year. Do you sort of view that as a one-off retailer specific move? Or do you sense that there is a broader push amongst the retailers to change their package bags?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Well, I think, there is a broader push among retailers to focus – and I should say a broader interest among end users to eat more healthy products. And so I think that the retailers are just reacting to that. They're trying to put things on the shelf that are perceived as being healthier, et cetera. And I think in some cases, you're seeing that soup being a good example of that where that moves a little away from the big brands that we supply, moves to smaller regional players in some cases. I think, the answer to your question is going to depend on how our customers view with that challenge and that's kind of what they're all about working on right now. I think that what's interesting is that soup as an example is such a great health product. There is nothing about the can that is detrimental to that fact, and the can is able to deliver that food product at so much lower cost basis than any other package can. That, our own view on this is that there is going to need to be a drive to explain to the consumers the value of soup, which younger consumers don't really understand to work in any kind of package type you can to win that consumer group back in. And then we think that there will be a logical next step to that which is to bring it all back towards canned because that's the lowest cost solution, and that's the best infrastructure solution for our major customers, but that's – so that's going to take some time. The short term of that is definitely there is a drive towards what are perceived as healthier foods, but again our customers can right now come out with and do have organic products. And there is not – again, there is nothing about their process or their packaging that is any less healthy than what those retailers are asking for on the shelves.

Ghansham Panjabi - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Okay. Thanks so much, guys.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yeah.
Operator
We'll go next to Anthony Pettinari with Citi.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Good morning.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Good morning.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Just following up on Chip's question on Europe. I believe you have two facilities in Greece, are those selling exclusively to Greek customers or are those cans moving around Europe or did you see any impact in the quarter there?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Sure. You're right. We do have two operating facilities in Greece. The primary markets that we're supplying over there are for Feta cheese, olive oil, and peaches, which each of those products are largely exported out of the country. So as we've discussed we've been taking precautionary measures for some time just around the perceived risk and now maybe the real risk that resides there, including very early on we were communicating with our customers that regardless of what currency Greece itself moved to, our agreements were euro based. We've been very selective on any credit that we've extended. Otherwise, we didn't pay either in advance or on delivery. We're also being very careful as to how much cash we accumulate in Greece. So we're holding very minimal cash balances there. We've also just to help manage costs, we've taken some down time in the plants during the peak of the crisis. So as a consequence, the current outlook is that the growing season is actually looking pretty good, particularly for peaches and we're expecting a strong pack. So we're kind of balancing that. The net of it is that we haven't seen any real negative impact in the quarter largely because we took some downtime in the quarter to mitigate cost. And we're expecting that if it settles down, and I think our view is that there's a long way to go before we can say it settled down that we'll take it as it comes, but no meaningful negative impact right now.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Okay. Okay. That's helpful. And then just switching to plastics, last quarter I think you indicated that the Pennsylvania facility will be operational this quarter. And that the Hazelwood facility would be kind of at the end of the year. Are those timelines still intact? And does the kind of volume weakness that you referenced in your earlier comments does that at all impact the timeline for bringing those two facilities online?
Adam J. Greenlee - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Well, as far as the timing of those facilities, the Northeast Pennsylvania plant will be operational in Q3. So it's in the process of coming up to speed as we speak. The Missouri facility will be towards the end of the year. So we are expecting that still on track in Q4. And as far as having the market softness impacting those facilities coming up, what I would say, a little bit of the same answer I gave a few minutes ago is just that, those new facilities in large part are dependent upon equipment moves of existing assets from other facilities. So, again right now we're really focused on servicing our customers and making sure they get the products that they need. And so, we had a little bit of a delay in again the cost out programs, but those lines are coming from other plants for the most part. But, for those specific facilities, we anticipate that we'll be on our original time schedule, and again Northeast PA in Q3 and St. Louis in Q4.
Anthony Pettinari - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker)
Okay. That's helpful. I'll turn it over.

Operator
We'll go next to Anojja Shah with BMO Capital Markets.
Anojja Shah - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Hi. It's Anojja Shah from Mark Wilde's team at BMO. I just wanted to talk about the plastic containers 2% volume decline. Can you give any additional color on specific product categories or customer types where you saw weakness?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Sure. It's largely in our organic business, and I would say it's spread somewhat across our food, our personal care, and then our distribution markets. And distribution is a difficult one to really quantify, because it does serve so many of the end markets that our products go into. But really food, personal care were the two biggest for us at Silgan.
Anojja Shah - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And could we talk about the impact of resin in 2Q and then your expectations for resin in 3Q?
Robert B. Lewis - Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Sure. Q2 resin really did not have much of an impact either comparatively to prior year or versus Q1. Prices were relatively stable and declined at a similar rate as they did in the prior year. As we go forward, we're expecting relatively flat resin for Q3, so again, no bottom line impact. I think, the important note here is the impact will be on the revenue side. It was on the revenue side in Q2 as we look at prior year. It will also impact Q3 on the revenue side. As we continue to pass through the lower resin cost that we are experiencing in the market and primary resins are down double-digit percent versus prior year. So again, that's just being passed-through on the bottom line to our customers, but it is impacting our revenue line.
Anojja Shah - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Right. Okay. Thank you. And then just, maybe you can give us an update on what you're seeing on the M&A front. Are you seeing lots of properties available and maybe what people's value expectations are?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Sure. It's no question that M&A continues to be an important part of the strategy. We continue to look at all opportunities that are out there and do keep an active pipeline. I think there are a few deals in the market that could be of some interest. As we said in the past, valuations, expectations are pretty high, particularly given the low cost of debt, but again we focus on cash on cash returns around the M&A front as well. But I would say, more broadly, as we kind of come through the summer here, it's feeling a bit like the M&A environment has experienced a typical summer lull, if you will. So while there is a few out there, it doesn't seem to be as active as it was maybe six or 12 months ago.
Anojja Shah - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Okay. Interesting. All right. That's it from me. Thank you very much.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thank you.
Operator
We'll go next to Alex Ovshey with Goldman Sachs.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Thank you. How are you, guys?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Good, Alex.
Adam J. Greenlee - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Hi Alex.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Couple of questions. Just going back to plastics and the volume weakness, how do you explain why it's soft? In the U.S., I mean the consumer really isn't humming per se, but at the same time, it does sound like things should be pretty steady. And so why should that business continue to decline in this kind of 2% to 3% rate? How do you explain that?
Adam J. Greenlee - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Well, again, I mean part of the explanation is that we've been going through this portfolio rebalancing effort for the last year and a half now. And that continues. We're cycling in and out of business all the time. And so there is a good component of our market softness that is associated with our rebalancing efforts as well. But really, I'd say we don't see the general uptick in demand for our plastic products in the marketplace. And it may just be a counter trend to the broader economy, but that's our experience.

Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Okay. Okay. Got it, Adam. And then in terms of the new business, when that does really start to come in, I mean is there any way to quantify in terms of how much revenue that will ultimately add to the segment once you really onboard the new business wins that should make the difference, that'll make a real difference in the business?
Adam J. Greenlee - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Sure. I mean, again, it's an ongoing process, right. Again, there is always new business coming in and some business exiting at the same time. But I think I probably answer that a little bit as Tony talked about the returns and profitability of the business. I think our expectation is you'll see that hitting the bottom line, and that is where will be most quantifiable on a go-forward basis as we return to historical credit (47:24) margin rates over the medium term.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Okay, got it. And now, can you talk about how the shelf-stable plastic business that you acquired from Rexam is performing?
Adam J. Greenlee - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Sure. It continues to perform very well, right in line with expectations, not only when we made the acquisition, but post-acquisition as well. They've done an excellent job with new business awards in the U.S. for again the high barrier, shelf-stable packaging and continue to grow the business at a nice pace for that size business, both in the U.S. and we've got good prospects outside of the U.S., but we haven't had that great kind of growth prospect outside of the U.S. at this point. So we were never really planning on that as a major part of that acquisition. We were focused on running the business and continuing to deliver the business as it was performing. So it's right in line with expectations.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Got it. So bottom line, it's not a source of weakness. It's really performing the way you hoped for.
Adam J. Greenlee - Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President
Not a source of weakness, no.
Alex Ovshey - Goldman Sachs & Co.
Excellent. Thank you very much. I'll turn it over.
Operator
We'll go next to George Staphos with Bank of America.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Thanks very much. Tony or Adam, I just want to go back to plastics one last time. So, Tony, I heard you say you'd like to get back to the margins of five years ago and that might take two years to three years. And correct me where I'm incorrectly paraphrasing. And I think you said to go back to the margins of 10 years ago would take more time and would take the company being able to grow in some of these target markets as you expect and wish to. Could you remind us because I don't recall, what would you specifically like to see recognizing that resin is going to swing quite a bit and will change percentage margins? What ultimately margin target would you like investor to have in mind for the plastics business over the next three years?
And if I go back to the 1990s, you were doing well over 10% operating margins. I think those are a little bit far off. So help us again framing what we should be thinking about at least given your view of the world?
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Yes. I think you've actually paraphrased that pretty well. I think the 10% is kind of the number we'd really like to see ourselves get to. And I think what Adam said is right. There is a component of – it's really return on capital because what we have to spend to get there and does that make sense. But with all that said, I believe that the business, if we can do what we believe we're on the path to doing, which is to really have a differentiating capability in terms of brining out new products, new innovation for customers. If we can do that, then I believe that kind of a operating profit level is achievable. And that's sort of what we'd like to get ourselves to.

George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
And that would be within the next call it three years assuming everything else comes together and assuming obviously we hold return on capital, or we don't deal with the return on capital issue here because obviously you could do...
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
I might put that out just a little bit further. I think that kind of that 10% mark is a little bit more aspirational. That it's going to be more in that kind of five-year timeframe. I think we'll be moving ourselves towards that over the course of next three years or so, but I would say more as a kind of an end point. Again, I've got to caveat it second time that it really is about returns on capital, because if something came along with lower margin but we didn't have to pay a lot for it, we would immediately buy that, drive our margins rate back down...
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Sure.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
...as long as the return on capital was good.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
One last quickie for me, just the normal swing factors for the rest of the year and the guidance range of $310 million to $330 million, I'm assuming it's almost entirely harvest. But is there anything else that we should be considering as a risk or positive risk factor for that matter for the rest of the year? Thanks, guys. Good luck in the quarter.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thanks, George. Yes, I would just say, what we I think said at the beginning of this year, which is we've got a lot of balls in the air, right. Every business is moving a lot of assets around building. So, I would just say that more than a typical year, we've got a lot of activities going on. And so I think the number one thing is that all of those stay within a range of what we believe ought to happen, right. So, we've built in some cushion around that, but whether we have enough or not will probably be the biggest risk we have for the remainder of the year.
I think the pack is kind of interesting one. First of all, we have a fairly high number assumed in for the pack. Secondly, because of logistical challenge, even if the pack surged way over top, this year more than any year, that might not drop down much profit at all, because the inefficiency it would take for us to kind of keep up with that. So, I think, there is very little upside on the pack in any case. Downside is a different matter. So obviously you have always a bit of a downside with the pack. Those are the big moving pieces, and then the last caveat is certainly the pack season can shift Q3 to Q4 and so we have our normal volatility between those quarters.
George L. Staphos - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Okay. Thanks. I'll turn it over.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thanks, George.
Operator
And we'll go next to Adam Josephson with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Thanks, Tony. I appreciate it. Just one follow up on pet food and soup. Were there any particular surprises in the quarter in terms of either pet food or soup? I ask partly because the largest soup company just lowered its long-term sales growth forecast this morning just to reflect current food industry conditions. And I was just thinking longer term you think growth in pet food will roughly offset declines in soup such that those two components will average out to be kind of flattish and then you've got fruit and veggie, which is kind of flattish as well? Thanks very much.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
I think what you just said there Adam is about right, which is that I think we do expect that pet will continue to grow as it has been. So what you just described is pretty much what's happened for the last five or more years for us. I think soup has been in decline for a period of time. That is probably our expectation at this point. That all fits with what I think the customer you're referring to has recently said. But, as I mentioned earlier, I am somewhat hopeful. I think soup has got an interesting challenge and an interesting opportunity, and we'll have to watch to see how our customers manage their way through that. But I do see the potential for upside in soup. It is a great healthy product that is being somewhat ignored on the shelf. And with the right champion on it and the right investment made to get that story out, personally I believe there is an opportunity there. That's a little outside of our control. So right now we're just assuming that will continue the historic path.

Adam Jesse Josephson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Thanks a lot, Tony. Best of luck.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Thanks, Adam.
Operator
And at this time, there are no further questions.
Anthony J. Allott - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director
Great. Thank you everyone for the time. Enjoy the rest of your summer. We look forward talking to you about our third in October.
Operator
This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Consumer Goods, Packaging & Containers, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All SLGN TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Consumer Goods and Retail Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Consumer Goods and Retail StocksLululemon Needs To Step Up Its YOGA Pants GameLULU• Today, 6:41 AM • Goddess DiogenesHarley Davidson - Lack Of Catalysts Keeps Me On The SidelinesHOG• Today, 5:44 AM • Kenra InvestorsHarley-Davidson: Riding Off Into The SunsetHOG• Today, 5:15 AM • Da Shi ResearchHershey: Overpriced And OverleveragedHSY• Today, 5:11 AM • Samuel Smith•1 CommentGeneral Motors - Earnings Preview For 2nd Quarter 2017GM• Yesterday, 1:42 PM • Brent A. Miller•6 CommentsLa-Z-Boy Forges Onward After Falling Short On Growth PlanLZB• Yesterday, 5:25 AM • Underanalyzed EquitiesI Am Loving My Dividends From Philip MorrisPM• Yesterday, 3:51 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•35 CommentsUnder Armour: Under Duress?UA, UAA• Yesterday, 3:24 AM • D.M. Martins Research•6 CommentsTime To Be More Tolerant For This Growth Dairy Stock?SAPIF• Sat, Jul. 22, 5:26 AM • Brad MacIntoshEstimating ANFI's FY 2018 Margins And EarningsANFI• Sat, Jul. 22, 12:49 AM • Sven Carlin•13 CommentsNorthsight Capital Makes Cannabis Stocks Look BadNCAP• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:59 PM • Debra Borchardt•2 CommentsCoca-Cola: Where Does It End?KO• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:04 PM • Josh Arnold•17 CommentsPhilip Morris Q2 Earnings Summary: What You Need To KnowPM• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:52 PM • ValueAnalyst•22 CommentsTesla's South Australia Battery Deal Shows Why The Company Is Not An Energy CompanyTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:30 PM • EnerTuition•242 CommentsSkechers Looks Good Into 2018SKX• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:19 PM • L&F Capital Management•6 CommentsDaily Insider Ratings Round Up 7/20/17: NAV, OLBK, SKIS, SHLO, TWNNAV• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:38 PM • InsiderInsightsAutomakers Invest In Nauto's $159 Million Financing RoundGM• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:37 PM • Donovan Jones•1 CommentAutonomous Driving Leaps Forward, Leaving Tesla BehindTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:14 PM • Donn Bailey•288 CommentsHotel California: Why Tesla Can Check Out Any Time It Likes, But It Can Never LeaveTSLA• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:13 PM • Trapping Value•161 CommentsVanguard Prepares To Destroy The S&P 500 AgainVDC• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:02 AM • Colorado Wealth Management Fund•21 CommentsBurberry: Still Undervalued As It Builds Up To A Potentially Improved 2018?Editors' Pick • BURBY• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:00 AM • Dividend Drive•1 CommentAltria: Dividend Is Safe...For NowMO• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:11 AM • Josh Arnold•31 CommentsThe Dividend Stock Bubble Has Claimed Another VictimPM• Fri, Jul. 21, 9:04 AM • Josh Arnold•27 CommentsValue Trap: Adient Plc's Contradicting Growth OutlookADNT• Fri, Jul. 21, 8:19 AM • Centaur Investments•3 CommentsUnilever Up 43% YTD With More To ComeUL, UN• Fri, Jul. 21, 7:25 AM • Iron Value•10 CommentsFaurecia SA ACT 2017 Q1 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFURCF• Fri, Jul. 21, 6:31 AM • SA TranscriptsAs Sales Plunge, GM Might Cancel 6 Car ModelsGM• Fri, Jul. 21, 6:10 AM • Wolf Richter•69 CommentsSkechers Shows Retail Footwear LivesSKX• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:33 AM • Quad 7 Capital•14 CommentsA Contrarian Vote In Favor Of McCormick's AcquisitionMKC• Thu, Jul. 20, 8:21 PM • Vince Martin•19 CommentsTesla Solar Roof, The Odds Of Surviving Home Solar MarketTSLA• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:57 PM • X. Dong Wang•110 CommentsWhere Are The Solar Roofs?TSLA• Thu, Jul. 20, 4:08 PM • Galileo Russell•184 CommentsA. Schulman: How Did I Not See This Train Wreck Coming?SHLM• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:31 PM • Quad 7 CapitalCampbell Soup (CPB) Investor Presentation - SlideshowCPB• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:35 PM • SA TranscriptsCampbell Soup (CPB) Investor Presentation - SlideshowCPB• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:35 PM • SA TranscriptsBunge (BG) Updates On Competitiveness Program - SlideshowBG• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:22 PM • SA TranscriptsEthan Allen Interiors (ETH) Investor Presentation - SlideshowETH• Thu, Jul. 20, 2:00 PM • SA TranscriptsBMW Leads Investment In Used-Car Marketplace ShiftBMWYY• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:50 PM • Donovan JonesTilly's: The Best Of A Bad SectorTLYS• Thu, Jul. 20, 1:32 PM • Vince MartinChurch & Dwight: Waterpik Deal Looks Decent; Valuation Remains FullCHD• Thu, Jul. 20, 12:17 PM • The Value Investor•5 CommentsMcCormick - 'Winner' Of Reckitt Benckiser's Food Business AuctionMKC• Thu, Jul. 20, 11:55 AM • The Value Investor•13 CommentsUnder Armour Will Outlast Negative NewsUAA• Thu, Jul. 20, 11:43 AM • Brent A. Miller•11 CommentsThe Only Detriment For Philip MorrisPM• Thu, Jul. 20, 11:18 AM • Jonathan Weber•14 CommentsPhilip Morris: Let It FallPM• Thu, Jul. 20, 10:25 AM • Quad 7 Capital•25 CommentsPhilip Morris International Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPM• Thu, Jul. 20, 10:20 AM • SA Transcripts•4 CommentsPhilip Morris Quits SmokingPM• Thu, Jul. 20, 10:00 AM • ValueAnalyst•54 CommentsCampbell Soup: Red Flags For A Red LabelCPB• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:43 AM • Dan Stringer•10 CommentsPolaris Industries Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesPII• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:23 AM • SA TranscriptsWABCO Holdings Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesWBC• Thu, Jul. 20, 9:03 AM • SA TranscriptsUnilever Plc 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesUL• Thu, Jul. 20, 3:37 AM • SA TranscriptsWould Tesla Acquire Faraday Future And Lucid Motors?TSLA• Wed, Jul. 19, 7:59 PM • Anton Wahlman•89 CommentsTesla Ownership: T. Rowe Price Sells, What's Next?TSLA• Wed, Jul. 19, 6:08 PM • ValueAnalyst•283 CommentsSan Miguel: Riding The Political Waves In The PhilippinesSMGBY• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:45 PM • Nick Cox•2 CommentsZEV Credits: They're Real And They're Spectacular!TSLA• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:24 PM • Kurt B. Feierabend•125 CommentsNow Is Not The Time To Buy TeslaTSLA• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:44 PM • Isaac Tang•68 CommentsImitation Is The Sincerest Form Of FlatteryVLKAY• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:33 PM • Life Sciences Millennial•1 CommentDo New Tesla Board Additions Signal Big Changes Ahead?TSLA• Wed, Jul. 19, 11:38 AM • Donn Bailey•137 CommentsTiffany & Company Is Outclassed By Signet Jewelers And MovadoMOV• Wed, Jul. 19, 10:50 AM • DJ Habig•3 CommentsValue in TAPTAP• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:38 AM • Tim Gruppi•15 CommentsCampbell Soup Company - Why Legacy Products Will Die A Slow DeathCPB• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:30 AM • James Sands•6 CommentsNeenah Paper: Well Positioned In A Niche Premium MarketNP• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:17 AM • Dustin Barnett•4 CommentsDiebold Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesDBD• Wed, Jul. 19, 8:09 AM • SA TranscriptsTesla Investors Swallow The Blue PillTSLA• Wed, Jul. 19, 6:31 AM • Montana Skeptic•579 CommentsProcter & Gamble: Let The Fun BeginPG• Wed, Jul. 19, 5:58 AM • Activist Stocks•12 CommentsProcter & Gamble: Can The Supertanker Be Turned?PG• Wed, Jul. 19, 4:35 AM • John Abbink•5 CommentsVolvo AB ADR B 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesVOLVY• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:22 AM • SA TranscriptsWhy I Changed My Mind About GentexGNTX• Wed, Jul. 19, 3:10 AM • Samuel Smith•9 CommentsHarley-Davidson Spirals Down, Announces U.S. Layoffs, Builds Factory In ThailandHOG• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:44 AM • Wolf Richter•33 CommentsEcolab: A High Quality Dividend Aristocrat Held By Bill GatesECL• Wed, Jul. 19, 1:42 AM • Simply Safe Dividends•12 CommentsHarley-Davidson, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHOG• Wed, Jul. 19, 12:57 AM • SA TranscriptsMolson Coors: Brewing Up A Comeback?TAP• Tue, Jul. 18, 9:43 PM • Benjamin Handler•12 CommentsCoty: What The Numbers SayCOTY• Tue, Jul. 18, 9:19 PM • Casacampo•3 CommentsVolkswagen Plans To Make Electric Cars Competitive On Price: Watch Out TeslaVLKAF, VLKAY, VLKPY• Tue, Jul. 18, 9:15 PM • Keith Williams•78 CommentsPepsi Vs. Hormel Foods: Which The Better Buy Here?HRL, PEP• Tue, Jul. 18, 5:15 PM • Peter F. Way, CFA•9 CommentsTesla In China: A Mega OpportunityTSLA• Tue, Jul. 18, 3:59 PM • Galileo Russell•109 CommentsTesla's Technological ChallengeTSLA• Tue, Jul. 18, 3:09 PM • David Pinsen•119 Comments123456...434Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










Vodafone Group's (VOD) CEO Vittorio Colao on Q1 2018 Trading Update Conference Call (Transcript)


VOD•
      Sat, Jul. 22,  5:03 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Metso Corporation's (MXTOF) CEO Matti Kähkönen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MXTOF•
      Sat, Jul. 22, 12:08 AM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ingenico Group's (INGIF) CEO Philippe Lazare on Acquisition of Bambora & Q2 2017 Trading Update (Transcript)


INGIF•
      Fri, Jul. 21, 10:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Danske Bank's (DNSKF) CEO Thomas Borgen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DNSKF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cinedigm (CIDM) Cinedigm Bison Agreement Conference (Transcript)


CIDM•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:33 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Western Alliance Bancorporation's (WAL) CEO Robert Sarver on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WAL•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  7:16 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Mobile Mini's (MINI) CEO Erik Olsson on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MINI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Givaudan's (GVDNY) CEO Gilles Andrier on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GVDNY•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




MB Financial's (MBFI) CEO Mitchell Feiger on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MBFI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Cementos Pacasmayo's (CPAC) CEO Humberto Nadal on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CPAC•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Sensient Technologies' (SXT) CEO Paul Manning on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SXT•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Moody's (MCO) CEO Raymond McDaniel on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MCO•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  6:09 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Regions Financial's (RF) CEO Grayson Hall on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Accell Group (ACGPF) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACGPF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:52 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Del Frisco's Restaurant Group's (DFRG) CEO Norman Abdallah on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DFRG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  5:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Volaris Aviation's (VLRS) CEO Enrique Beltranena on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VLRS•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:53 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Colgate-Palmolive's (CL) CEO Ian Cook on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CL•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



McClatchy's (MNI) CEO Craig Forman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MNI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:42 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Badger Meter's (BMI) CEO Rich Meeusen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BMI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




OFG Bancorp's (OFG) CEO Jose Rafael Fernandez on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


OFG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:26 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




General Electric's (GE) CEO Jeff Immelt on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GE•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:24 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•22 Comments 



Husky's (HUSKF) CEO Rob Peabody on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HUSKF•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:21 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Glacier Bancorp's (GBCI) CEO Randall Chesler on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GBCI•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:17 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Honeywell International's (HON) CEO Darius Adamczyk on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HON•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  4:15 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



CoBiz Financial's (COBZ) CEO Steve Bangert on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


COBZ•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Ameris Bancorp's (ABCB) CEO Edwin Hortman on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ABCB•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:46 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Banco Latinoamericano De Comercio Exterior's (BLX) CEO Rubens Amaral On Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


BLX•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:44 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Citizens Financial Group's (CFG) CEO Bruce Van Saun on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CFG•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:31 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Kansas City Southern's (KSU) CEO Patrick Ottensmeyer on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


KSU•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  3:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Huntington Bancshares' (HBAN) CEO Steve Steinour on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HBAN•
      Fri, Jul. 21,  2:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•3 Comments 




123456...4430Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 


Anthony Allott |  | Decypha

































Sign In
|
Welcome  Guest 









 







Regions

GCC
                                |
                                    Levant
                                |
                                    MENA
                                |
                                    North Africa




GCC

Bahrain
                            |
                            Kuwait
                            |
                            Oman
                            |
                            Qatar
                            |
                            Saudi Arabia
                            |
                            United Arab Emirates




Levant

Iraq
                            |
                            Jordan
                            |
                            Lebanon
                            |
                            Palestine




North Africa

Egypt
                            |
                            Libya
                            |
                            Morocco
                            |
                            Tunisia




Others

Iran
                            |
                            Turkey
                            |
                            United Kingdom
                            |
                            United States












Advanced Search















News






Markets






Companies






Research






Funds






Fixed Income






Money Markets






Commodities






FX






Economics






Analysis






More











Sign In
Membership
Customize Your Decypha
Logout
Welcome
Decypha Alerts












Home




People Profiles




People Profile



Anthony Allott Profile














Full Name:

                                                    Anthony Allott
                                                







Country:











Biography


                                                    Anthony J. Allott, age 47, has been one of our Directors since June 2006 and has been our Chief Executive Officer since March 2006 and our President since... 











Designations




Date
Designation
Entity
Entity Description
Country




2006


Silgan Holdings, Inc.

--

--









Check all the  individuals in 
Check The List






Request a Trial
















Title:*


Select
Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Job Title:*


Select
 Asset Managers
 Corporate Banks
 Investment Managers
 Wealth Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Legal Practioners
 Academics
 Hedge Funds
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Equity Research Analysts




Phone:*



Company:*




Email:*




Country:*


Select

                                                Afganistan
                                        

                                                Albania
                                        

                                                Algeria
                                        

                                                American Samoa
                                        

                                                Andorra
                                        

                                                Angola
                                        

                                                Anguilla
                                        

                                                Antarctica
                                        

                                                Antigua and Barbuda
                                        

                                                Argentina
                                        

                                                Armenia
                                        

                                                Aruba
                                        

                                                Australia
                                        

                                                Austria
                                        

                                                Azerbaijan
                                        

                                                Bahamas
                                        

                                                Bahrain
                                        

                                                Bangladesh
                                        

                                                Barbados
                                        

                                                Belarus
                                        

                                                Belgium
                                        

                                                Belize
                                        

                                                Benin
                                        

                                                Bermuda
                                        

                                                Bhutan
                                        

                                                Bolivia
                                        

                                                Bosnia and Herzegovina
                                        

                                                Botswana
                                        

                                                Bouvet Island
                                        

                                                Brazil
                                        

                                                British Indian Ocean Territory
                                        

                                                Brunei
                                        

                                                Bulgaria
                                        

                                                Burkina Faso
                                        

                                                Burundi
                                        

                                                Cambodia
                                        

                                                Cameroon
                                        

                                                Canada
                                        

                                                Cape Verde
                                        

                                                Cayman Islands
                                        

                                                Central African Republic
                                        

                                                Chad
                                        

                                                Chile
                                        

                                                China
                                        

                                                Christmas Island
                                        

                                                Cocos (Keeling) Islands
                                        

                                                Colombia
                                        

                                                Comoros
                                        

                                                Congo
                                        

                                                Cook Islands
                                        

                                                Costa Rica
                                        

                                                Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
                                        

                                                Croatia (Hrvatska)
                                        

                                                Cuba
                                        

                                                Curacao
                                        

                                                Cyprus
                                        

                                                Czech Republic
                                        

                                                Czechoslovakia (former)
                                        

                                                Denmark
                                        

                                                Djibouti
                                        

                                                Dominica
                                        

                                                Dominican Republic
                                        

                                                East Timor
                                        

                                                Ecuador
                                        

                                                Egypt
                                        

                                                El Salvador
                                        

                                                Equatorial Guinea
                                        

                                                Eritrea
                                        

                                                Estonia
                                        

                                                Ethiopia
                                        

                                                Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
                                        

                                                Faroe Islands
                                        

                                                Fiji
                                        

                                                Finland
                                        

                                                France
                                        

                                                France, Metropolitan
                                        

                                                French Guiana
                                        

                                                French Polynesia
                                        

                                                French Southern Territories
                                        

                                                Gabon
                                        

                                                Gambia
                                        

                                                Georgia
                                        

                                                Germany
                                        

                                                Ghana
                                        

                                                Gibraltar
                                        

                                                Greece
                                        

                                                Greenland
                                        

                                                Grenada
                                        

                                                Guadeloupe
                                        

                                                Guam
                                        

                                                Guatemala
                                        

                                                Guernsey
                                        

                                                Guinea
                                        

                                                Guinea-Bissau
                                        

                                                Guyana
                                        

                                                Haiti
                                        

                                                Heard and McDonald Islands
                                        

                                                Honduras
                                        

                                                Hong Kong
                                        

                                                Hungary
                                        

                                                Iceland
                                        

                                                India
                                        

                                                Indonesia
                                        

                                                Iran
                                        

                                                Iraq
                                        

                                                Ireland
                                        

                                                Isle of Man
                                        

                                                Israel
                                        

                                                Italy
                                        

                                                Jamaica
                                        

                                                Japan
                                        

                                                Jersey
                                        

                                                Jordan
                                        

                                                Kazakhstan
                                        

                                                Kenya
                                        

                                                Kiribati
                                        

                                                Kuwait
                                        

                                                Kyrgyzstan
                                        

                                                Laos
                                        

                                                Latvia
                                        

                                                Lebanon
                                        

                                                Lesotho
                                        

                                                Liberia
                                        

                                                Libya
                                        

                                                Liechtenstein
                                        

                                                Lithuania
                                        

                                                Luxembourg
                                        

                                                Macau
                                        

                                                Macedonia
                                        

                                                Madagascar
                                        

                                                Malawi
                                        

                                                Malaysia
                                        

                                                Maldives
                                        

                                                Mali
                                        

                                                Malta
                                        

                                                Marshall Islands
                                        

                                                Martinique
                                        

                                                Mauritania
                                        

                                                Mauritius
                                        

                                                Mayotte
                                        

                                                Mexico
                                        

                                                Micronesia
                                        

                                                Moldova
                                        

                                                Monaco
                                        

                                                Mongolia
                                        

                                                Montenegro
                                        

                                                Montserrat
                                        

                                                Morocco
                                        

                                                Mozambique
                                        

                                                Myanmar
                                        

                                                Namibia
                                        

                                                Nauru
                                        

                                                Nepal
                                        

                                                Netherlands
                                        

                                                Netherlands Antilles
                                        

                                                Neutral Zone
                                        

                                                New Caledonia
                                        

                                                New Zealand (Aotearoa)
                                        

                                                Nicaragua
                                        

                                                Niger
                                        

                                                Nigeria
                                        

                                                Niue
                                        

                                                Norfolk Island
                                        

                                                North Korea
                                        

                                                Northern Mariana Islands
                                        

                                                Norway
                                        

                                                Oman
                                        

                                                Pakistan
                                        

                                                Palau
                                        

                                                Palestine
                                        

                                                Panama
                                        

                                                Papua New Guinea
                                        

                                                Paraguay
                                        

                                                Peru
                                        

                                                Philippines
                                        

                                                Pitcairn
                                        

                                                Poland
                                        

                                                Portugal
                                        

                                                Puerto Rico
                                        

                                                Qatar
                                        

                                                Reunion
                                        

                                                Romania
                                        

                                                Russia
                                        

                                                Rwanda
                                        

                                                S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
                                        

                                                Saint Kitts and Nevis
                                        

                                                Saint Lucia
                                        

                                                Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
                                        

                                                Samoa
                                        

                                                San Marino
                                        

                                                Sao Tome and Principe
                                        

                                                Saudi Arabia
                                        

                                                Senegal
                                        

                                                Serbia
                                        

                                                Seychelles
                                        

                                                Sierra Leone
                                        

                                                Singapore
                                        

                                                Slovak Republic
                                        

                                                Slovenia
                                        

                                                Solomon Islands
                                        

                                                Somalia
                                        

                                                South Africa
                                        

                                                South Korea
                                        

                                                South Sudan
                                        

                                                Spain
                                        

                                                Sri Lanka
                                        

                                                St. Helena
                                        

                                                St. Pierre and Miquelon
                                        

                                                Sudan
                                        

                                                Suriname
                                        

                                                Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
                                        

                                                Swaziland
                                        

                                                Sweden
                                        

                                                Switzerland
                                        

                                                Syria
                                        

                                                Taiwan
                                        

                                                Tajikistan
                                        

                                                Tanzania
                                        

                                                Thailand
                                        

                                                Togo
                                        

                                                Tokelau
                                        

                                                Tonga
                                        

                                                Trinidad and Tobago
                                        

                                                Tunisia
                                        

                                                Turkey
                                        

                                                Turkmenistan
                                        

                                                Turks and Caicos Islands
                                        

                                                Tuvalu
                                        

                                                US Minor Outlying Islands
                                        

                                                USSR (former)
                                        

                                                Uganda
                                        

                                                Ukraine
                                        

                                                United Arab Emirates
                                        

                                                United Kingdom
                                        

                                                United States
                                        

                                                Uruguay
                                        

                                                Uzbekistan
                                        

                                                Vanuatu
                                        

                                                Vatican City State (Holy See)
                                        

                                                Venezuela
                                        

                                                Vietnam
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (British)
                                        

                                                Virgin Islands (U.S.)
                                        

                                                Wallis and Futuna Islands
                                        

                                                Western Sahara
                                        

                                                Yemen
                                        

                                                Yugoslavia
                                        

                                                Zaire
                                        

                                                Zambia
                                        

                                                Zimbabwe
                                        




Comments:





*Required Fields


 

 Submit








Already Registered?








Login attempt was not successful. Please try again








Username/ Email:



Password:





Enter Characters:















 

 Login





 Forget your password?
























By Job Title


Asset Managers |
                                    Corporate Banks |
                                    Investment Managers |
                                    Wealth Managers |
                                    Consultants & Advisors |
                                    Legal Practitioners |
                                    Academics |
                                    Hedge Funds |
                                    Private Equity Analysts |
                                    Traders |
                                    Equity Research Analysts


By Scope


Equity |
                                    Fixed Income |
                                    Funds |
                                    Excel  |
                                    Analytical Tools  |
                                    Markets  |
                                    Prices  |
                                    Money Market |
                                    News |
                                    Industry |
                                    IPOs |
                                    Mergers & Acquisitions |
                                    Commodities |
                                    Economics



Covered Countries and Exchanges

















Add Your Company | 
                                        Add Yourself | 
                                        Terms and Conditions | 
                                        Privacy Policy | 
                                        About DirectFN









Copyright ©  DirectFN. All Rights Reserved.











Data Not Available









Login











Login attempt was not successful. Please try again


Username/ Email:


Password:



Enter Characters:











 Forget your password?











Back to Top

Support & Feedback


Ask for free trial









Request a Trial
















Title:*


Mr
Mrs
Ms
Miss
Dr
Prof




First Name:*



Last Name:*



Email:*




Phone:*



Promo. Code:



Country:*


Select
Afganistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'Ivoire (Ivory Coast)
Croatia (Hrvatska)
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Czechoslovakia (former)
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France, Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
Neutral Zone
New Caledonia
New Zealand (Aotearoa)
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
S. Georgia and S. Sandwich Isls.
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovak Republic
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
St. Helena
St. Pierre and Miquelon
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen Islands
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
US Minor Outlying Islands
USSR (former)
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City State (Holy See)
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zaire
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Company:*



Job Title:


Select
 Academics
 Asset Managers
 Consultants & Advisors
 Corporate Banks
 Equity Research Analysts
 Hedge Funds
 Investment Managers
 Legal Practioners
 Private Equity Analysts
 Traders
 Wealth Managers




Comments:




*Required Fields


 

 Submit



















Contact Us












Hello ,Please use the below form for
                            Product support & feedback


Name :  *  


Email:  * 


Phone Number :  * 






Preferred contact method :
Email
Phone











Technical Support 24x7: +94 112 314900 / slhops@directfn.net
Your Account Manager is, , , 






















 Get a Decypha Membership to view this content..................







Get a Decypha Membership


 Get the membership of Decypha Premium Package to access more exciting features including advanced analytical tools and the Pro 10 package. Pro 10 is designed keeping active investors in mind and offers a flexible framework to view information and do analysis the way you desire.

All you need to access these valuable features is to click on the Get a membership button and submit your details to our sales team.















Upgrade your Membership


 Account is not entitled to view this information.

 Please contact your account manager to upgrade your Membership.

Email :  support@decypha.com






 Register to view this content..................







 Decypha Free Registration


Register free with Decypha and get access to real-time price information and many other features including Technical Scanner, Fundamental Screener etc.

Just click the Registration button, submit your details and get registered for free.








 

