










 









Alpha Venture Partners | The Pro-Rata Co-Investment Fund



















































 MENU



Focus

For Entrepreneurs


Team
Portfolio
News
Contact

GET THE NEWSLETTER

















 MENU



Focus

For Entrepreneurs


Team
Portfolio
News
Contact

GET THE NEWSLETTER
















































































































We partner with early stage VCs to double down in their leading companies.



LEARN MORE















Alpha Venture Partners
The Pro-Rata Co-Investment Fund
Most category leading companies have small, early stage investors as their first funders. Due to fund constraints, early stage investors lack the capital to follow-on in their winners.
Alpha provides on-demand capital for our partner VCs and shares the economics on co-investments.





















Our Early Stage VC Partnerships are Working
Alpha’s VC partners benefit from the shared carried interest on capital returns of our investments that they might not have gotten otherwise.
This win-win opportunity gets Alpha invited into scores of late stage deals.
Alpha’s portfolio has grown at a 100%+ 4-year CAGR.
Founded by Pioneer VC’s and Entrepreneurs
Before Alpha, we were co-founders and builders of NYC and west coast companies. We founded two of the first NYC VC funds where we were early investors in Medidata (MDSO) and LivePerson (LPSN).
We were fortunate to source and back MDSO and LPSN, but we lacked the capital to invest in the companies’ later stage, pre-IPO rounds. This inspired us to launch Alpha.
We built Alpha VP to provide “double down” capital for our early VC partners. We reward first funders by sharing the upside in exchange for inviting us into their strong-performing companies’ late stage rounds.










How we increase returns for Early-Stage VCs
Alpha enables early stage venture capitalists to capitalize on their later stage winners.
Due to fund mandates or constraints, early stage funds often lack the capital necessary to follow on in their winners, leaving large opportunities on the table. Alpha can act fast to provide growth and expansion stage capital to early stage VC firms to capitalize their later stage portfolio companies.




LEARN MORE










 | email vc@alphavp.com













For Limited Partners
Venture returns at lower risk and duration.
Alpha provides access to un-auctioned growth and expansion rounds in category leading companies.
Our current portfolio has grown at a 100%+ 4-year CAGR. Portfolio net asset value tends to track these growth rates.
In the last two years, our fund generated $50M in co-investments for our fund LPs.
 




LEARN MORE










 | email partners@alphavp.com









Meet the Team
Team and Advisor Bios






Steve Brotman
Steve Brotman, an entrepreneur, investor, and fund manager, is the founder and Managing Partner at Alpha Venture Partners.
















Brian Smiga
As Operating Partner, Brian works with Alpha's early stage venture network to source and evaluate investment opportunities.
















Ben Freeberg
As an Analyst, Ben diligences investment opportunities and manages our venture network.













News & Media




14 Jul
Venture Investing Surges Back – Steve Brotman on WSJ Pro
Venture Investing Surges Back Financing in second quarter rides on big gains for late-stage deals By: Tomio Geron Link to original source Venture-capital funding is back on the rise. Investment in U.S. startups in the second quarter jumped 22% to $15.5 billion vs. $12.7 billion in the year-ago period, according to Dow Jones VentureSource. The surge in funding in the first half of this year follows […]
GET THE STORY







29 Jun
Story Ventures: Investing in the Evolution of Data
By: Ben Freeberg Jake Yormak spent the better half of his career as a lawyer, most recently at Gunderson Dettmer where he assisted early stage startups on legal and structural issues such as corporate formation, fundraising, IP protection, M&A, and much more. In June of last year, Jake transitioned from representing startups as a lawyer to investing in them as an early stage investor. His […]
GET THE STORY







15 Jun
Careem Closes $500M Raise at $1B+ Valuation
Link to WSJ Coverage “Careem, which launched in 2012, is now active in more than 80 cities in the broader Middle East and boasts over 10 million users. ‘The opportunity for further expansion in this region is huge,’ said Careem co-founder and chief executive Mudassir Sheikha. With the rise of Uber and car-sharing services like Zipcar, young drivers are increasingly using shared-vehicle services rather than […]
GET THE STORY







31 May
Alpha VP Closes its 10th Investment Outcome Health
Link to WSJ Coverage “Outcome Health, an 11-year-old privately held company, says it has nearly closed a $600 million funding round at a multibillion-dollar valuation. Among the new investors are Goldman Sachs Investment Partners and CapitalG, an investment arm of Google parent Alphabet Inc… Outcome’s sales increased to more than $130 million last year from about $60 million in 2015 and $7 million in 2012, […]
GET THE STORY







30 May
Rev1 Ventures: Part Accelerator, Part VC, All Ohio
By: Ben Freeberg Rev1 Ventures is the most active seed fund in the Great Lakes region. The firm works with angels, VCs, and its 100-person advisor network of corporate and community partners to provide early-stage tech startups with the resources they need to thrive. Rev1 has helped its portfolio companies gain recognition for best-in-class solutions, and acquire name-brand clients such as Kellogg’s and Welch’s. Rev1 […]
GET THE STORY







23 May
Hoxton Ventures: Venture Investing in a Globalized World
By: Ben Freeberg In 2008 the internet started to turn the startup world flat, as distribution and scale became cheaper and easier. You could now have 10 people working on an application in the U.S. and within one week have one million people using it in Turkey. There were no more geographic borders when it came to tech, so other talent rich areas could compete […]
GET THE STORY










•••



GET MORE NEWS







 Our Portfolio
Alpha Venture Partners launched its new fund in January 2014 and has invested in 10 category leading companies sourced from its 150-strong Alpha investor network. Alpha’s portfolio companies have grown at a 100%+ 4-year CAGR. Naturally, asset value is growing apace. View our full portfolio.










LiveIntent is a transformative real-time display advertising platform for email. Crunchbase Profile.

 

 






Vroom is a New York-based online platform that enables users to buy, sell and trade-in used cars in the United States. Crunchbase Profile.

 

 






Coupang is a South Korean e-commerce company founded in 2008. Crunchbase Profile.

 

 






Wish.com is a mobile commerce platform that connects suppliers to cost-conscious consumers. Crunchbase Profile.

 

 

















 








Contact Alpha Venture Partners | The Pro-Rata Investment Fund


















































 MENU



Focus

For Entrepreneurs


Team
Portfolio
News
Contact

GET THE NEWSLETTER

















 MENU



Focus

For Entrepreneurs


Team
Portfolio
News
Contact

GET THE NEWSLETTER








 



Contact Us
Fill out your information below and we will get in touch with you as soon as possible. You can also reach us by phone at (212) 967-3332.
Address 1 Penn Plaza Suite 3905, New York, NY 10119







Your Name*



Company



Email Address*



Reason For Contact
































 








About Alpha Venture Partners | We Co-Invest With Other Venture Funds


















































 MENU



Focus

For Entrepreneurs


Team
Portfolio
News
Contact

GET THE NEWSLETTER

















 MENU



Focus

For Entrepreneurs


Team
Portfolio
News
Contact

GET THE NEWSLETTER






About Our Investment Focus

Stage
Investment Size
Sectors
Geography






We invest in accelerating growth and
expansion stage companies.
We tend to co-invest with other venture funds. Ideally, we like to see at least one other institution or venture capital firm participating in the round.
In addition, we serve as an advisor to Pritzker Group Venture Capital (PGVC) and other leading institutions and large family offices. Our advisees lead or co-lead transactions. Hence, with a company’s permission, we often refer quality direct investment opportunities to our limited partners.







Stage
Growth stage to Expansion stage rounds. Typically, C rounds or later. On initial investment, our companies often have north of $20 million in revenue.
We like to see that a company has the capability to be profitable within two years and to exit within four years.
Although we don’t invest out of our fund in companies at the Seed and Series A stage, we match a select few of the earlier stage companies we see to our network of early stage investors.









$500,000 to $20,000,000+
For investments larger than $5,000,000, we work with our institutional and family office limited partners in our fund, which have the desire to directly invest up to $50 million.
For current portfolio companies, click here.







Sectors
Our focus is in the Software and Information Technology sectors, including: E-commerce, Mobile, Social, Business Process Outsourcing, Information Services and Tech-Enabled Services. We seek companies that serve a large industry or multiple industries with a platform or marketplace, and are the category leaders in their respective sectors. 








Geography
Since the majority of tech category leaders are founded in the U.S., we tend to invest in U.S.-headquartered private companies. However, up to 20% of our fund may invest in late stage companies internationally.




Contact Us







































Our Portfolio of Expansion Stage Companies | Alpha Venture Partners


















































 MENU



Focus

For Entrepreneurs


Team
Portfolio
News
Contact

GET THE NEWSLETTER

















 MENU



Focus

For Entrepreneurs


Team
Portfolio
News
Contact

GET THE NEWSLETTER






Our Portfolio













Careem is a ridesharing and car booking service in the Middle East and North Africa (“MENA”) region. Crunchbase Profile.

 








Cloud Technology Partners helps companies plan, design and build cloud solutions for their applications and infrastructures. Crunchbase Profile.

 








Coupang is a South Korean e-commerce company founded in 2008. Crunchbase Profile.

 








Getaround is an on-demand peer-to-peer car sharing marketplace.Crunchbase Profile.

 









LiveIntent is a transformative real-time display advertising platform for email. Crunchbase Profile.

 








Localytics is a mobile engagement platform for mobile and web applications. Crunchbase Profile.

 








Outcome Health is a Chicago-based healthcare technology company that activates the best possible health outcomes for patients around the world. Crunchbase Profile.

 








Rover is the nation’s largest network of 5-star pet sitters and dog walkers. Crunchbase Profile.

 









Vroom is a New York-based online platform that enables users to buy, sell and trade-in used cars in the United States. Crunchbase Profile.

 








Wish.com is a mobile commerce platform that connects suppliers to cost-conscious consumers. Crunchbase Profile.

 




























Meet the Alpha Venture Partners Team | Partnering with Early Stage VCs


















































 MENU



Focus

For Entrepreneurs


Team
Portfolio
News
Contact

GET THE NEWSLETTER

















 MENU



Focus

For Entrepreneurs


Team
Portfolio
News
Contact

GET THE NEWSLETTER









Meet the Team








Steve Brotman
Steve Brotman, an entrepreneur, investor, and fund manager, is the founder and Managing Partner at Alpha Venture Partners. Steve also serves as a Strategic Advisor to the Pritzker Group‘s venture arm, Pritzker Group Venture Capital.
Prior to Alpha Venture Partners, Steve was the co-founder and Managing Director of Greenhill SAVP, Greenhill & Co’s venture capital unit (which was spun out as Tribeca Venture Partners), a technology- and business information services-focused venture capital fund with $100 Million under management. Prior to GSAVP, Steve founded Silicon Alley Venture Partners with $15 million assets under management.  At his prior funds, Steve invested in 30 portfolio companies and was among the first institutional investors in LivePerson (Nasdaq: LPSN) and Medidata Solutions (Nasdaq: MDSO).
Steve was also the co-founder of a venture-backed company, AdOne, the pioneer online classified advertising platform.  AdOne was Steve’s first entrepreneurial effort, which started life as an assignment in an Entrepreneurship class at Columbia Business School. AdOne signed over one third of the newspaper industry, 500 newspapers, and was acquired by a newspaper consortium led by Hearst.  During his entrepreneurial and VC firm career, Steve has been recognized a few times: as a finalist for the Ernst and Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award as well as being named in Crain’s Tech 100, Top 25 Players Shaping Silicon Alley and Top 40 under 40 among New York business leaders.
Steve has previously served on the boards of the MIT Enterprise Forum, Critical Mention, DataSynapse (Observer), Medidata (Observer) and Truveris, among others. Steve has been a mentor with the Entrepreneurs Roundtable Accelerator, Blueprint Health, Startup Health, Columbia Business School Lang and Greenhouse Funds. Steve received a joint M.B.A. / J.D from Washington University / Columbia and a B.A. in economics from Duke University.




















Brian Smiga
As Operating Partner, Brian builds and works with Alpha’s early stage venture network to source and evaluate investment opportunities and strategy. Brian also advises Pritzker Group Venture Capital on deal origination and relationships.
Prior to Alpha Venture Partners, Brian was the founder and CEO of Preclick, (sold to Smilebox), where he developed photo software licensed worldwide by HP, 3M, Sandisk, Walmart, Costco, CVS, and Walgreens. Prior to Preclick, Mr. Smiga was CEO at 3Path, an Intel and Goldman-Sachs backed startup, and the SVP of Marketing at 1ClickCharge, where his product launch resulted in a sale of the company to CMGi.
Since first working with Mr. Brotman at 1ClickCharge, Mr. Smiga advised Brotman-backed portfolio companies: Altruik, Headliner, Knovel, and Mobile Commons. In the 1990s, Mr. Smiga began his career as a developer at Booz & Co, and in Silicon Valley was cofounder and President of Portfolio Software and Actioneer, where he co-authored six collaboration software patents and licensed top-rated software to Apple, IBM, Lotus, Microsoft, AOL, 3Com, Acco, and others. Brian received a BA in Liberal Arts from Swarthmore College, and a Masters of Philosophy in Literature from Trinity College, University of Dublin, Ireland. Brian is the founder of TEDxNavesink, a top-ranked TEDx conference, hosted at Asbury Park Boardwalk.




















Ben Freeberg
As an analyst at Alpha Venture Partners, Ben diligences investment opportunities, manages AVP’s venture network and provides support for AVP’s portfolio companies. Ben also sources Seed through Series B deals, and curates events in NYC, for the venture capital arm of the Pritzker Group, whom AVP advises.
Prior to joining Alpha Venture Partners, Ben was an investment banking analyst at Peter J. Solomon Company.  He worked closely with the Technology and Media M&A group and Restructuring division, and co-authored two articles published in trade journals.  Ben was an intern at Susquehanna Growth Equity, where he assisted in the closure of SGE’s investment in B-Stock Solutions.  Ben also worked with entrepreneurs while interning with the Council for Entrepreneurial Development in Durham, North Carolina and has presented two of his business ideas at start-up pitch competitions in both Ireland and the annual Duke Start-Up Challenge.
Since 2009, Ben has worked closely with the Hugh O’Brian Youth Leadership Organization, helping to organize annual conferences for this program that is dedicated to leadership, service and innovation.
Ben graduated from Duke University with his B.A. in Economics, a concentration in Finance and a Markets and Management certificate.
















Venture Advisors





Daniel DeWolf
As an Advisor and limited partner to Alpha Venture Partners, Daniel provides legal, corporate structure, governance, and venture best practices advice.  Daniel was an formerly a Managing Director at SoundView Technology Group (NASDAQ:SNDV), which sold to Charles Schwab; Head of Venture Capital Funds at SoundView and Wit Capital; and a co-founder of Dawntreader Ventures. Currently, Daniel is the Co-Chair of the Venture Capital and Emerging Practice group at the law firm of Mintz Levin, a law Professor at NYU Law School, and an Advisor and Board member of a number of leading private technology companies.













Charlie Federman
Charlie is a partner with SilverTech Ventures, the technology investment arm of Silverstein Properties. Charlie previously served as a partner in BRM Capital, and led its US activities. Before joining BRM, Charlie spent fifteen years (culminating as Chairman) with the M&A boutique, Broadview, where he advised on more than 100 acquisitions of software/Internet companies.
















Erik Jansen
As an Advisor and limited partner to Alpha Venture Partners, Erik brings more than twenty years of technology venture capital investment success and operational experience both in the US and abroad. Erik served as the co-founder and General Partner of Pequot Ventures, the direct venture investment arm of Pequot Capital Management, with close to $2.0 billion under management across five technology PE/VC funds, and one early stage healthcare fund.  Erik serves on the Eli Whitney Investment Advisory Committee of Connecticut Innovations, the State of Connecticut venture fund and resides in Greenwich, Connecticut.
















David S. Bennahum
David S. Bennahum is a serial technology entrepreneur, angel investor, and pioneering member of the New York technology community, starting in 1994, when David left his position at McKinsey & Co as an analyst, to  joined the founding team at Wired magazine, as their first reporter in New York, where he helped build the defining magazine of the 1990s.

In 1999, David joined Ammirati Puris Lintas as Executive Vice President, then one of the largest ad agencies in the United States, to lead digital strategy across all divisions.  Clients included Dell, Unilever, Lego, UPS, and Microsoft.  David developed many of the first integrated print / web / television campaigns at scale, including the groundbreaking “Dell 4 Me” campaign in 1999.  David left the agency with its founder, Martin Puris, to form New Things Ventures LLC, an early-stage angel investing fund.  In this era of “Silicon Alley,” during the first phase of Internet growth, David worked to build path-breaking technology enterprises, as an advisor to AdOne, led by Steve Brotman (acquired by Hearst), director of DailyCandy, founded by Dany Levy (acquired by Comcast), and advised MediaBistro (acquired by Jupiter Media).

During the next phase of Internet growth, powered by mobile devices and social media, David co-founded and led Punch, which provided publishing tools for iPad to People Magazine, Time. Inc., JCPenney, Hunter Douglas, and other enterprises.  Punch’s intellectual property was acquired by Kandu.  Co-founded with Geraldine Laybourne (Nickelodeon, Oxygen), Kandu  provides kids with the tools to express their own creativity through apps and games, without knowing how to code.

David has BA from Harvard University, magna cum laude.  He’s the author of Extra Life: Coming of Age in Cyberspace (Basic Books / HarperCollins, 1998).  His first computer was an Atari 800.  First programming language: BASIC.
























 








Page not found - Alpha Venture Partners










































 MENU



Focus

For Entrepreneurs


Team
Portfolio
News
Contact

GET THE NEWSLETTER

















 MENU



Focus

For Entrepreneurs


Team
Portfolio
News
Contact

GET THE NEWSLETTER









Page Not Found







The page you are looking for does not exist
Check out the homepage to find the page relevent to what you were looking for.
















 

 

Alpha Venture Partners, Venture Capital Fund: Brian Smiga, Venture Partner





















































860-261-2322

Log In


Entrepreneurs >
Investors >




Sign Up


Entrepreneurs >
Investors >









Venture Capital & Angel Investors






To list your Company on our website and make your profile available to 7,500+ VCs and Angel Investors, Click Here.



Venture Fund Member Profile

Share This Profile: 
















Alpha Venture Partners is a next generation growth and expansion stage venture capital firm that focuses on accelerating venture backed companies. To these companies and their investors, we offer an option to quickly fill out a growth or expansion stage financing round in a friendly and rational manner.
Our mission: to serve our seed and early stage investor partners and the heroic teams they back.



Brian SmigaVenture PartnerAlpha Venture Partners


As a Venture Partner of Alpha Venture Partners, Brian evaluates investment opportunities. In addition, he provides product, marketing, strategic partnership, and operating expertise to AVP and its portfolio.

Prior to Alpha Venture Partners, Brian was the CEO and founder of Preclick, (sold to Smilebox), where he developed popular photo software licensed worldwide by HP, 3M, Sandisk, Walmart, Costco, CVS, and Walgreens. Prior to Preclick, Mr. Smiga was CEO at 3Path, an Intel and Goldman-Sachs backed startup, and the SVP of Marketing at 1ClickCharge, where his product launch resulted in a sale of the company to CMGi.

After first working with Mr. Brotman at 1ClickCharge, Mr. Smiga has advised SAVP-backed portfolio companies: Altruik, Headliner, Knovel, and Mobile Commons. In the 1990s, Mr. Smiga began his career as a developer at Booz & Co, and in Silicon Valley was cofounder and President of Portfolio Software and Actioneer, where he co-authored six software patents and licensed top-rated software to Apple, IBM, Microsoft, AOL, 3Com, Acco, and others. Brian received a BA in Liberal Arts from Swarthmore College, and a Masters of Philosophy in Literature from Trinity College, University of Dublin, Ireland. Brian is executive director of TEDxNavesink, hosted at Two River Theater, Red Bank, NJ. 
Representative Investments


DataSynapse  is a leader in enterprise grid and cloud computing software with a strong roster of more than 100 Financial Services and Telecommunications clients and a proven reputation for world-class technology.  Acquired by TIBCO (TIBX) in 2009.

LiveIntent  is the first company with a real-time display ad platform for email. Across mobile and computers, people spend ⅓ of their time in email. LiveIntent works with large advertisers, publishers and agencies to provide ad optimization, ad formats, targeting, trading desk, and exchanges for commercial email.

LivePerson  (Nasdaq: LPSN) is the market leader in real-time intelligent customer engagement. Our mission is to help companies create deeper connections with their customers. From the largest global enterprises to one-person businesses, our 8,500 customers trust us to deliver increased sales conversions, higher order values, and lower support costs

Medidata  (Nasdaq: MDSO) Helping clinical researchers reduce trial cycle times, achieve early visibility to reliable clinical data, and maintain strict fiscal responsibility, Medidata Solutions delivers innovative technology to safely accelerate bringing life-enhancing treatments to market. 




About FundingPost
For over Fourteen Years FundingPost has worked with thousands 
of Angel and Venture Capital Investors. We believe that it is 
important to reach investors in every medium possible - 
both online and offline. We have been directly responsible for 
tons of success stories and Millions and Millions of dollars raised.  
We look forward to introducing your company to the leading Venture and Angel Investors nationwide. Sign up now: Entrepreneurs / Investors




Join the FundingPost email list
and learn how, when and where
you can meet these Investors:
















        Other Venture Profiles:

.406 Ventures : Greg Dracon
140 Conference : Jeff Pulver
21 Ventures : David Anthony (deceased)
2x Consumer Products Growth Partners  : Andy Whitman
360 Capital Partners : Francois  Tison
360 Capital Partners : Fausto Boni
360 Capital Partners : Nicolas Carbonari
37 Angels : Toan Huynh
37 Angels : Renee Park
37 Angels : Angela  Lee
37 Angels : Caryn Effron
3i : Ken Hanau
42. Ventures : Ned Stringham
500 Startups : Hasan Haider
500 Startups : Tim Chae
500 Startups : Pankaj Jain
5AM Ventures II : John D. Diekman
645 Ventures : Nnamdi Okike
ABC's Shark Tank & Shark Branding : Daymond  John
ABG Capital : Ron Eggert
Abingworth : Vincent Miles
ABS Capital : Phil Clough
ABS Ventures : Bruns Grayson
Accel Partners : Andrew Braccia
Accelerated Growth Partners : Gerard Roy
Access Venture Partners : David Gold
Acero Capital : Rami Elkhatib
Acorn Ventures : Scott Drum
Activate Venture Partners : Edwin Goodman
Activate Venture Partners : Todd Pietri
Activate Venture Partners : Glen Bressner
Adams Capital Management, Inc. : Jerry S. Sullivan
Adams, Harkness TechVentures : Jay Corscadden
ADT Security Services : Hansell Shook
Advance Ventures : Ephraim Lindenbaum
Advanced Technology Ventures  : Jack Harrington
Advantage Capital Partners : Reid Hutchins
Advantage Capital Partners  : Scott Murphy
Advantage Capital Partners : Tate Garrett
Advantage Capital Partners : Douglas Beekman
Aegis Capital Group : Todd Roberts
Aegis Capital Group : Brett Hickey
Alexander Hutton Venture Partners : Tom Johnston
All Media Ventures : Allan Grafman
Alliance Consumer Growth : Trevor Nelson
Alliance Consumer Growth : Josh Goldin
Alpha Venture Partners : Steve Brotman
Alpha Venture Partners : Brian Smiga
AlphaDev, LLC : Meredith Brown
Altos Ventures : Ho Nam
Altos Ventures : Han Kim
AmCap : Jake Bisenius
AME Cloud Ventures : Jerry Yang
American Equity Fund LLC : Robert Rhodes
American Family Ventures : Dan Reed
American Securities Partners V : David Bard
American Securities Partners V : David L. Cohen
Amplifier Venture Partners : Jonathan Aberman
Amplify Partners : Mike Dauber
Analytics Ventures : Blaise Barrelet
Andreessen Horowitz : Austin Guzman
Andreessen Horowitz : Anu Hariharan
Andreessen Horowitz : Bart Dessaint
Angel Investor : Dr. David W. Rolston Ph.D.
Angel Investor : Roger Babb
Angel Investor : Eduardo Emanuelli
Angel Investor : Derek Walton
Angel Investor : John Ason
Angel Investor : Ray Payne
Angel Investor : Timothy Rueth
Angel Investor : Lisa Anderson
Angel Investor : Gary Ritner
Angel Investor : Daniel Chatelain 
Angel Investor : Robert Zieserl
Angel Investor : Donald Sussis
Angel Investor : John Kenney
Angel Investor : Roberto Machado
Angel Investor : Neil Anderson
Angel Investor : Kevin Ramsier
Angel Investor : Peter Lehrman
Angel Investor : Peter Weiss
Angel Investor : Kevin McGovern
Angel Investor : Kenneth Kousky
Angel Investor : Warren Haber, Jr.
Angel Investor : Terry Cross
Angel Investor : Victor Liu
Angel Investor : Rana Gujral
Angel Investor : Asher Leids
Angel Investor : David Blackledge
Angel Investor : Clifford Tong
Angel Investor : James Sowers
Angel Investor : Larry Rowe
Angel Investor : Ed Dua
Angel Investor : Brad Shoen
Angel Investor : Katherine Glassey
Angel Investor : Bill Orabone
Angel Investor : Ethan Davidoff
Angel Investor : Stephen Bulfer
Angel Investor : Tom Curzon
Angel Investor Forum  : Steve Shwartz
Angel Investor Forum (AIF) : Mary Anne Rooke
Angels of Texas : Arman  Rupani
Antares Capital Corporation : Jonathan Kislak
Anthem Capital Management : Bill Gust
Anthem Capital Management : Ed Spiva
Anthem Venture Partners : Brian Mesic
Applied Ventures, LLC : Annette Finsterbusch
ARC Angel Fund : Michael Kelley
ARC Angel Fund : Joseph Saviano
ARC Angel Fund : Charles Chesler
ARC Angel Fund : Vamsi Sistla
ARC Angel Fund : Vamsi Sistla
ARC Angel Fund : Steve Sinek
ARC Angel Fund : Tom Nicholson
ARC Angel Fund : Jeffrey Finkle
ARC Angel Fund : Jim Nichols
ARC Angel Fund : Christine Tate
Arcapita Ventures : Sebby Kannukkaden
ARCH Venture Partners : Clinton Bybee
ARCH Venture Partners : David Cruikshank
Archangels Investors : Doug Pennington
Arctaris Capital Partners : Andrew Clapp
Argentum Group : Walter Barandiaran
Argentum Private Equity Capital : Chris Leong
Aria Ventures : Jeff Sloan
Aristos Ventures : Felipe  Mendoza
Arizona Angels Investor Network : Dee Harris
Ark Royal Fund : John Craven
Arris Ventures : Mike Stowell
ArrowPath Venture Capital : Rick Friedman
Arrowpath Venture Capital : Morgan Rodd
Arsenal Venture Partners : Patricia Glaza
Artiman Ventures : Tom Dennedy
Artiman Ventures : Tim Wilson
ARTIS Ventures : Stuart Peterson
Artists & Instigators : Wayne Kimmel
Artists and Instigators : Tony Bifano
ARTUITIVE LLC : Arthur Shorin
ASAP Ventures : Jeff Weiss
Ascend Venture Group : Charles Crockett
Ascent Venture Partners : Matt Fates
ASM Resources : Christine Copple
Aspect Ventures : Theresia Gouw
Asset Alliance Corporation : Bruce H. Lipnick
Asset Management Company : Bennett Dubin
AssuredPartners : Jim Henderson
Astor & Black : David B. Schottenstein
Atlas Venture : Adam Friedman
Atlas Venture :  Michael Curtis
Atlas Venture : Nessan Bermingham
Atlas Venture : Michael Gilman
Atlas Venture : Martin Jefson
Atlas Venture : Kevin  Pojasek
Atlas Venture : Vipin Suri
Atlas Venture : Healy Jones
Atlas Venture : Ankit Mahadevia
Atlas Venture : Eddine Saiah
Atrium Capital : George Petracek
August Capital : Eric Carlborg
Austin Technology Incubator : Kurt Faulhaber
Austin Ventures : Ed Olkkola
Austin Ventures : Joe Aragona
Avansis Ventures : Laura Lukaczyk
Avondale Ventures, LLC : Reg Greiner
Aweida Venture Partners : Dr. Harry Ross
Aweida Ventures : Dan Aweida
Axon Ventures : Afif Khoury
Azione Capital : Nicholas Chan
B Capital : Bryan Ciambella
Bachow & Associates Inc. : Paul Bachow
Bain Capital Ventures : Evan Rachlin
Bain Capital Ventures : Paul Zurlo
Balderton Capital : Roberto Bonanzinga
Ballast Point Ventures : Richard Brandewie
Ballast Point Ventures : Drew Graham
Band of Angels : Nicola Corzine 
Band of Angels : Jan Jannink
Band of Angels : Heather Crawford
Battelle Ventures : Tracy S. Warren
Battery Ventures : Ken Lawler
Battery Ventures : David Tabors
Battery Ventures : Murat Bicer
Bay Partners : Salil Deshpande
Bay Partners XI : Stu  Phillips
BayAngels : Roger King
Beacon Angels : William Swiggart
Beckon, Inc. : Jennifer Zeszut
Beechwood Capital : Larry Khan
Bell Holdings Inc.  : Robert Bell
Ben Franklin Technology Partners : Terrence Hicks
Ben Franklin Technology Partners : Jennifer Hartt
Ben Franklin Technology Partners : Mark deGrandpre, Ph.D.
Benchmark Capital : Bill Gurley
Bengur Bryan & Co, Inc : Oz Bengur
Bertram Capital : Jeff Drazan
Bessemer Venture Partners : Kent Bennett
Bessemer Venture Partners : Byron Deeter
Bessemer Venture Partners : Adam Fisher
Bessemer Venture Partners : Justin Label
Best Buy Capital : Mathew Ingle
Beta Fund : Norman Meisner
BEV Capital : David Yarnell
BEV Capital : Marc Singer
Binary Ventures : Christy Harner
Binary Ventures : Steve Nolan
Biogenesis Investment Group : Peter Allison
BioStar Ventures : Renee Masi
Birchmere Ventures : Sean Ammirati
BitSpeed  : Eric Shuss
Blackbird Ventures : Niki Scevak
Blackbird Ventures : Rick Baker
Blackbird Ventures : Bill Bartee
Blackbird Ventures : Barbara Bry
Blackstone Advisory Partners : Martin Alderson Smith
Blade Ventures : Craig Gunther
Bloomberg Ventures : Matt Turck
Blue Point Capital Partners : James Marra
Blue Seed Capital : J J Kasper
Blue Sunsets : Ed McLaughlin
Blue Water Capital : Kim Cooke
Blueprint Ventures : Ashley Read
Blueprint Ventures : Bart Schachter
BlueRun Ventures : John Malloy
Bluestein & Associates : Andrew Bluestein
BlueWater Angels : Chris Moultrup
Blumberg Capital : Dr. Charles Popper
Blumberg Capital : Jon Sobgerg
Blumberg Capital : Vishal Arora
Bonial International Group : Christian Gaiser
Boost VC : Adam Draper
Borland Capital Group : Scott Kurland
Boston Harbor Angels : William McPhee
Boston Harbor Angels : Mic Williams
Boston Millennia Partners : Bradford Callow
Boston Seed Capital : Peter  Blacklow
Boston Seed Capital : Dave Balter
Boston Seed Capital : Nicole M. Stata
Boyne Captial Partners LLC : Derek A.  McDowell
BR Venture Fund : Rhett Weiss
BR Venture Fund : Aaron Holiday
Bradmer Foods : Adam Borden
Brand Building Ventures : Parker Gilbert
Brand Foundry Ventures : Sumeet Shah
Brook Venture Partners : Andrew Clapp
Brook Venture Partners (Federal Street Capital) : Chip Purrington III
Brookside Mezzanine Partners : David Buttolph
Brynwood Partners : Joan McCabe
Bull City Venture Partners : Jason Caplain
Bull City Venture Partners : David Jones
Burrill & Company : Giovanni Ferrara
Burrill & Company : John Hamer
Business Insider : Henry Blodget
Caerus Ventures : Zachary Cherry
Caerus Ventures : Gregory Borchardt
California Capital Partners : John Nelson
California Clean Energy Fund : Nancy Pfund
Camp One Ventures : Hartman King
Canaan Partners : Deepak Kamra
Canaan Partners : Warren Lee
Canaan Partners : Daniel Ciporin
Canal Partners : Patrick Armstrong
Canal Partners : Todd Belfer
Canary Ventures : Alex Goldberg
Capital A Partners : David Mendez
Capital A Partners : Tanya Marvin-Horowitz
Capital Factory : Andrew Busey
Capital Growth : Valerie Gaydos
CapitalSouth Partners : David Reed
Cardinal Partners : Brandon Hull
Cargile Group : Miriam Eaves
Carlyle Venture Partners : Paulina Rychenkova
Carmel Ventures : Shlomo Dovrat
Carousel Capital : William T. Hobbs II
Cascadia Capital : Michael Butler
Cascadia Capital  : Kevin Cable
Castile Ventures : Roger Walton
Castile Ventures : Skip Besthoff
Catalyst Partnership : Ted Dzialowski
Cava Capital : Geoff Schneider
CCMP Capital Investors II : Greg Brenneman
CDS International Holdings  : Gary Truitt
Centripetal Capital Partner : Jeff Brodlieb
Centripetal Capital Partners : Steven Crust
Charles River Ventures : Izhar Armony
Chart Venture Partners : Michael Wu
CID Capital : John C. Aplin
CID Capital  : Rajesh Pai
Claremont Creek Venture : Nat Goldhaber
Clean Pacific Ventures : Sean Schickedanz
Clearpoint Ventures : Oliver Guinness
Cloud Bees : Sacha Labourey
CloudVelox : Anand Iyengar
CLSA Capital Partners - Pacific Transport : Teddy Tsai
ClusterHQ : Luke Marsden
CMEA Capital : Erik Sebusch
Coast Ventures, LLC : Bob Welch
Coca Cola : John Brock
CodeHS : Jeremy Keeshin
COLU : David Ring
Comcast Interactive Capital Group : Julian A. Brodsky
Comcast Ventures : Frances Schwiep
Comcast Ventures : Sam Schwartz
Commonwealth Capital Ventures : Jeffrey Hurst
Compass Technology Partners  : David  Arscott
Compuware Ventures : Tim Fisher
Conceivian : Saqib Rasool
Connecticut Innovations : Kevin Crowley
Connecticut Innovations : Peter Longo
Connecticut Innovations : Patrick O'Neill
Connecticut Innovations : Douglas Roth
Connecticut Innovations : Maneesh Sagar
Conscious Venture Lab : Jeff Cherry
Contour Venture Partners : Matt Gorin
Contour Venture Partners : Bob Greene
CoPhilly : Kevin Provost
Core Capital Partners : Grant Allen
Core Capital Partners : Jonathan Silver
Core Capital Partners : Jagtar Narula
Core Capital Partners : Mark Levine
Corigin Ventures : David Goldberg
Corigin Ventures : Jason Shuman
Cornerstone Angels : Michael Gruber
Corporate Angels : Ronald Thompson
Court Square Ventures : Randy Castleman
Coventure : Ali Hamed
CoVenture : Michael Beller
Covera Ventures : Steve Coffey
Cowboy Ventures : Aileen Lee
Cowboy Ventures : Noah Lichtenstein
Cowtown Angels : Jorge Varela
Credo Ventures : Jaroslav Trojan
Crescent Ridge Partners : Allison Long Pettine
Crestlight : Jens Horstmann
Cross Atlantic Capital Partners  : Richard Fox
Cross Atlantic Capital Partners : Carter Caldwell
Cross Atlantic Capital Partners : Rahul Singh
Cross Valley Capital : Rajat Joshi
Crossbar Capital : Charlie Federman
Crossbow Ventures Inc. : Ravi Ugale
Crosslink Capital : Eric Chin
Crowded.com : Howard Schwartz
CTI Life Sciences : Ken  Pastor
CTI Life Sciences : Shermaine Tilley
D. E. Shaw Ventures : Paul Longhenry
DAG Ventures : John Cadeddu
Daher Ventures : Michael Cichowski
Daher Ventures : Michel Daher
Dakota Ventures : Patricia Meagher
DAN Fund : Sammy  Abdullah
Darby Technology Ventures : Jonathan Whittle
Davis, Tuttle Venture Partners : Philip Tuttle
DBL Partners : Cynthia Ringo
DBL Partners : Nancy Pfund
DCA Capital Partners : Dusty Wunderlich
DCM Ventures : Carl Amdahl
Delaware Crossing Investor Group : Elizabeth Sigety
Delaware Crossing Investor Group : Loren Danzis
Delivery Hero : Niklas Ostberg
Dell : Michael  Dell
Delta-v Capital : Rand Lewis
Desert Angels : Curtis Gunn
Detroit Venture Partners : Jake Cohen
Deutsche Telekom : Andreas Wuerfel
DEV - Digital Entertainment Ventures : Alan McGlade
DFJ Frontier : Scott Lenet
DFJ Frontier : Selina Troesch
DFJ Frontier : Jon Bassett
Diamondhead Ventures : Peter Wolken
Direct Ventures, Inc. : Greg Verdino
DiversyFund : Craig Cecilio
Dizzion : Manny Ladis
DLF Capital : Brad Greenwald
DN Capital : Nenad Marovac
DN Capital : Tom Bradley
DN Capital : Steve Schlenker
Dojo : Robin Shimmin
Dolby Family Ventures : Pascal Levensohn
Dolphin Equity Partners : Richard Brekka
Dolphin Equity Partners : Salvatore Tirabassi
Domain Associates LLC : James Blair
Dominion Group : Jack BeVier
Double M Capital : Mark Mullen
Draper Associates : Joel Yarmon
Draper Fisher Jurvetson : Ravi Belani
Draper Fisher Jurvetson : Bill Bryant
Draper Fisher Jurvetson : Don Wood
Draper Fisher Jurvetson : Josh Stein
Draper Fisher Jurvetson (DFJ) : Tim Draper
Draper Fisher Jurvetson Gotham Ventures : Ross Goldstein
Draper Fisher Jurvetson Gotham Ventures (DFJG) : Daniel Schultz
Draper Triangle Ventures : Jay Katarincic
DreamIt Ventures : Karen Griffith Gryga
Dreamit Ventures : Steve Barsh
DreamIt Ventures : Kerry Rupp
DreamIt Ventures : Steve Welch
Dreamit Ventures : Mark Wachen
Driftwood Investments LLC : Beau Buck
Eastman Kodak Company : Julie Gerstenberger
Easton Capital Investment Group : John Friedman
Ecentury Capital Partners : Marsh Marshall
Edelson Technology Partners : Harry Edelson
Edison Nation : Gregg Smith
Edison Nation Medical : Kenneth Paulus
Edison Partner : Jordy Albert
Edison Partner : Christopher  Sugden
Edison Venture Fund : Doug Petillo
Edison Venture Fund : Gary Golding
Edison Venture Fund : Lenard Marcus
Edison Venture Fund : Ryan Ziegler
Edison Venture Fund : Michael Balmuth
Edison Venture Fund : John Martinson
Edison Venture Fund : David Nevas
Edison Venture Fund : Michael Kopelman
Edison Venture Fund : Sever Totia
Edison Venture Fund : Chris Sugden
Egan-Managed Capital : Travis Connors
Egan-Managed Capital : Alex Gregory
EGL Ventures : Salvatore Massaro
El Dorado Ventures : Charles Beeler
Ele.me : Xuhao Zhang
Elevate Innovation Partners : Slater Chityala
Elevate Innovation Partners & Vedas Group : Sridhar Chityala
Elevate Ventures : Stephen Hourigan
Elm Street Ventures : Adrian Horotan
Elm Street Ventures : Rob Bettigole
Elmcore Investment Advisors : Felix Danciu
Emerald Stage2 Ventures : Bruce Luehrs
Emergence Capital Partners : Gordon Ritter
Empire Angels : Christina Bechhold
Endeavor Capital : Anthony Buffa
Energy Funders : Philip Racusin
EnerTech Capital : Dean Sciorillo
Eniac Ventures : Nihal Mehta
Entrepreneuria : Dominic Marrocco
Entrepreneurs Roundtable Accelerator : Murat Aktihanoglu
EOPP fund : Tim Kelley
EPIC Ventures : Nick  Efstratis
Evergreen Pacific Partners : Timothy D. Bernardez
EverSpin Technologies : Phill LoPresti
Excel Medical Ventures : Rick Blume
Excelerate Health Ventures : Gary Abrahams
Executive Forum Angels : Kathleen Murray
Expa : Garrett Camp
Expansion Capital Partners, LLC : Kjartan Jansen
Eyes of Texas Partners : Eric Werner
FA Technology Ventures : John Cococcia
FA Technology Ventures : Greg Hulecki
Falcon Partners, LLC : Michael J. Riccio, Jr.
Faststart Studio : Michael Sawitz
Felicis Venture : Aydin Senkut
Felicis Venture : Renata Streit Quintini
Felicis Venture : Wesley Chan
ff Venture Capital : John Frankel
ff Venture Capital : Alex Katz, JD CPA
ff Venture Capital : Michael Yavonditte
ff Venture Capital : Ryan Armbrust
ff Venture Capital : David Teten
FilterEasy : Kevin Barry
Finistere Ventures : Paul Zorner
Finistere Ventures : Jerry Caulder
Finistere Ventures : Arama Kukutai
Fireman Capital Partners : Liam Patrick
First Analysis Venture Capital : Jim Macdonald 
First Beverage Group : William S. Anderson
First Mark Capital : Chris Ahearn
First Mark Capital : Tasso Argyros
First Mark Capital : Josh Abramson
First Mark Capital : Joseph Essas
First Round Capital : Phin Barnes
First Round Capital : Chris Fralic
First Round Capital (and NY Angels) : Howard Morgan
FirstMark Capital  : Sutian Dong
FirstMark Capital : Amish Jani
FirstMark Capital : Paul Cianciolo
FirstMark Capital : Heekyung Kim
FirstMark Capital : Rick Heitzmann
FirstMark Capital (formerly Pequot Ventures) : Divya Gugnani
Flatiron Investors : Laurel Touby
FLOODGATE : Mike Maples
Fluke Venture Partners : Dennis P. Weston
Flybridge Capital Partners : Michael Greeley
Flybridge Capital Partners : Jesse Middleton
Flybridge Capital Partners : Matthew Witheiler
Flybridge Partners : Chip Hazard
Flyover Capital : Tim Foote
Flywheel Ventures : Scott Caruso
Food Future : Shen Tong
Food X : Joe Foxton
Food X : Chris Stueart
Foodshed Investors NY : Derek Denckla
Forerunner Ventures : Kirsten Green
Forerunner Ventures : Eurie Kim
Formative Ventures : Clint Chao
Forte Ventures : Tom Hawkins
Forward Accelerator : Jack Porter
Forward Ventures : Stan Fleming
Foundation Capital : Charles Moldow
Foundation Capital : Bill Elmore
Foundation Capital : Steve Vassallo
Foundation Capital : Paul Holland
Founder VC : David  Lane
Founders Fund : Lauren Gross
Founders Fund : Geoff Lewis
Founders Fund : Scott Nolan
Fountain Partners : Tom Carter
FP Angels : Kenneth Huynh
FP Angels : Stephen Silver
FP Angels and Fundamental Financial : Tim Haddock
Francisco Partners : Dipanjan Deb
Frank N. Magid Associates : Mike Vorhaus
Fresh Tracks Capital : Lee Bouyea
Frog Capital :  Mike Reid	
Frontier Equities Venture Capital : Marit Molin
FTVentures : Liron Gitig
FundingPost.com : Yuriy Porytko
Fung Capital : Janie Yu
FuturePerfect Ventures : Jalak Jobanputra
G.C. Andersen Partners, LLC  : Thomas Blum
G20 Ventures : Bill Wiberg
Gabriel Investments : Holly Flanagan
Gabriel Venture Partners : Scott Chou
Galen Partners : Zubeen Shroff
Gambit Ventures : Keith Petri
Garage Technology Ventures : Guy Kawasaki
Gastronome Ventures : Douglas Raggio
GE Ventures : Iana Dimkova
Geekdom Fund : Cole Wollak
Gefinor Ventures  : Greg Carlisle
Gemini Israel Ventures : Menashe Ezra
Gemini Israel Ventures : Yossi Sela
Gemini Israel Ventures : Eran Wagner
Genacast Ventures : David Horowitz
Genacast Ventures : Gil Beyda
General Catalyst Partners : Kevin Colleran
General Catalyst Partners : Larry Bohn
General Mills Ventures : Amol Dixit
General Mills Ventures : Meredith Schwarz
Gera Venture Capital : Duda Falcao
Gibraltar Ventures : Cam Di Prata
Gilt Groupe : Kevin Ryan
Global Entrepreneurship Program : Caron De Mars
Global Founders Capital : Oliver Samwer
GlobalTech Ventures : Thomas Bonetti
Globespan Capital Partners : Dave Fachetti
Golden Gate Capital : David Dominik
Golden Seeds : Anne Shehab
Golden Seeds : Rob Delman
Golden Seeds : Stephanie Hanbury-Brown
Golden Seeds : Peggy Wallace
Golden Seeds : Loretta McCarthy
GoodCompany Ventures : David Famolari
Google Ventures : Rich Miner
Graham Partners : Paul Nolen
Grand Central Holdings : Gregory Belmont
Grande Ventures : Gregory Denicola
Granite Ventures : Chris Mckay
Granite Ventures : Chris Hollenbeck
Gray Ghost Ventures : Margaret Yuan
Grayhawk Capital : Sherman Chu
Greenberg Traurig : Victor Semah
Greenberg Traurig : Victor Semah
Greenberg Traurig : Jaret Davis
Greenberg Traurig : Craig Lilly
Greenhill SAVP : James B.  Lockhart
Greenspring Associates : Ashton Newhall
Greycroft Partners : Dana Settle
Greycroft Partners : Ian Sigalow
Greycroft Partners : Alan Patricof
Greycroft Partners : Kamran Ansari
Greycroft Partners : Jon Goldman
Greylock Partners : Josh Elman
Greylock Partners : Joseph Ansanelli
Grotech Ventures : Joseph Zell
Grotech Ventures : Steve Fredrick
Grotech Ventures : Wagish Bhartiya
Grotech Ventures : Don Rainey
Grow VC Group : Jouko Ahvenainen
Growth Capital Partners : John McNabb, II
GrowthX : Will Bunker
GSV Capital : Michael Moe
GT Greenberg Traurig : Michelle Rowe Hallsten
Guggenheim Venture Partners : Darren Wallis
Guggenheim Venture Partners : Debbie Gelb
Guide Ventures : Jim Thornton
GulfStar Group : W. Clifford Atherton Jr., Ph.D., CFA
H.I.G. Capital Partners IV : Sami Mnaymneh
H.I.G. Ventures : John Kim
Halifax Capital Partners II : David Dupree
Hambrecht Geneva Ventures : Igor Sill
Hamilton Investment Partners, LLC  : Marc Cole
Hamilton Investment Partners, LLC : Brian Fenty
Hangar Ventures : Jason Story
Harbert Venture Partners II : Wayne L. Hunter
HarbourVest Partners, LLC : Peter Lipson
Hartford Ventures : Rohit Bodas
Hatteras Venture Partners : Christy Shaffer
Haug Capital Partners  : John Vogus 
HBS Alumni Angels NY : Lockie Andrews
HBS Angels : Peter Boutros
HBS Angels : Jason Klein
HealthCare Ventures : John Littlechild
Hera-Labs : Silvia Mah
Hercules Technology Growth Capital : Todd Jaquez-Fissori
Heritage Equity Partners / Gotham Angels : Toby Moskovits
Heron Capital : Michael Shepard
Hewlett Packard : Shaw Zhang
HG Capital : Henry J.H. Bandet
High Peaks Venture Partners : Rahul Gandhi
High Peaks Venture Partners : Mark Peter Davis
Highland Capital Partners : Maeve O'Meara
Highland Capital Partners : Peter Bell
Highland Capital Partners : Faisal Ahmad
Highland Capital Partners : Alexander Taussig
Hillcrest Venture Partners : Darin Chen
Hitachi Business Finance : Mike Semanco
HO2 Partners : Charles Humphreyson
Holtzbrinck Ventures : Dr. Lars Langusch
Holtzbrinck Ventures : Christoph Jung
Holtzbrinck Ventures : Sven Achter
Honda Strategic Venturing : Paul Cummings
Horizon Ventures : John Hall
Horizons Ventures : Jack Carsten
Hot Ventures : Rick Gibson
Houston Angel Network : Richard Scruggs
Houston Angel Network HAN : Jeff Harder
Houston Health Ventures : David  Franklin
Houston Technology Center : Nick  Tillmann
Houston Technology Center (HTC) : Charles  Wohl
Hoxton Ventures : Dylan Collins
Hudson Ventures : Jay Goldberg
Hummer Winblad Venture Partners : Mark  Gorenberg
Hummer Winblad Venture Partners : Ann Winblad
Hummer Winblad Venture Partners : Lars Leckie
Hummer Winblad Venture Partners : Prashant Shah
Hunt Ventures : Chris Kleinert
Hunt Ventures : Dan Klein
Huron Capital Partners : Brian A. Demkowicz
Hyde Park Angels : RH Bailin
Hyde Park Angels : Jeffrey Carter
Hydra Ventures : Tom Montgomery
IBM Venture Capital Group : Matthew Denesuk, PH.D.
iC2 Institute, Austin Technology Incubator : Bart Bohn
Icon Ventures : Thomas Mawhinney
Icon Ventures : Michael Mullany
iD Innovation : Charles Pan
iD Ventures America, LLC : Roger  Liao  
IDG Capital Partners : Alexandre Quirici
IDG Ventures : Paul Ferrell
IDG Ventures SF : Patrick Kenealy
Idinvest Partners : Benoist Grossmann
Idinvest Partners : Christophe Baviere
IDT Ventures : Adam Farber
IDT Ventures : Nathan Baruch
iGlobe Partners : Philip Yeo
Ignite Venture Partners  : Landon Pollack
Ignition Partners : Jon Anderson
i-Hatch Ventures : Brad Farkas
i-Hatch Ventures  : Chip Austin
IMS Ventures : Yale Brown
INC3 Ventures, LLC : Dhimant Bhayani
Incubate Miami : Marc Billings
Independence Equity : Donald Sackman
Index Ventures : Ben Holmes
Index Ventures : Jan  Hammer
Industry Ventures : Hans Swildens
Infinity Venture Capital Fund : Ken Rind
Inflection Point Ventures : Jeff Davison
Innovation Garden : Scott Sipprelle
Innovation Ventures : David J. Freschman
Innovative Food Holdings : Sam Klepfish
iNovia Capital : John Elton
Insight Venture Partners : Jeff Lieberman
Insight Venture Partners : Jeff Horing
Insight Venture Partners : Nikitas Koutoupes
Insight Venture Partners : Michael Triplett
inSITE : Manoj Jonna
Institutional Venture Partners : Todd Chaffee
Integra Ventures : Joseph Piper
Intel Capital : Charles Scott
Intel Capital  : Sita Vasan
Intel Capital : Sanjit Dang
International Venture Fund : Debra Guerin Beresini
International Venture Fund : Kirk Westbrook
Internet Capital Group : Bertrand Navarrete
Intersouth Partners : David Pierson
Interwest Partners : Bruce Cleveland
InterWest Partners : Khaled Nasr
InterWest Partners : Doug Pepper
Inverness Graham Investments : Scott Kehoe
Inverness Graham Investments : Michael Morrissey
Inverness Graham Investments : Kenneth Graham
Investors Colaborative : Brad Kayton
Iora Health : Rushika Fernandopulle
Ironside Ventures : Stephen Brackett
Ironwood Capital : Victor Budnick
ITJ Ventures : Hugh Cullman
Javelin Ventures : Jed Katz
Jeff Weber Ventures : Jeffrey Weber
Jefferson Capital Partners : William J. Harper
JEGI Capital : Roger Krakoff
Jersey Angels : Eric Greenberg
Jerusalem Venture Partners : Kobi Rozengarten
Jerusalem Venture Partners : Gadi Tirosh
Jerusalem Venture Partners : Raffi Kesten
Jerusalem Venture Partners : Erel N. Margalit
Jina Ventures Inc : Ron Shah
JMI Equity : Jennifer Ding
JumpStart New Jersey Angel Network : Katherine O'Neill
K2 Labs : Christian Brucculeri
K5 Venture Partners : Stephen Block
Kapor Capital : Mitchell Kapor
Karter Capital Advisors : Liddy Karter
KBL Healthcare Acquisition Corp. III : Marlene Krauss, M.D.
KBS Ventures : Josh Engroff
Kedge Ventures : Kumar S. Sripadam
Keiretsu Forum : Larry Chaityn
Keiretsu Forum : Harry Lee
Keiretsu Forum : Todd Dean
Keiretsu Forum : Ira Wallace
Keiretsu Forum : Fred Gumbinner
Kestrel Asset Management : Michael Kane
Khosla Ventures : Benjamin Ling
Kibo Ventures : Jose Maria Amusategui
Kibo Ventures : Javier Torremocha
Kibo Ventures : Aquilino Pena
Kingdom Venture Partners : Robert Moss
Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers : Russell Siegelman
Klifer Capital : Sachin Jade
Knight Foundation : Benoit Wirz
Korea Technology Investment Corp. : Sookja Han-You
Kraft Group : Robert K. Kraft
La Costa Investment Group : Navid Alipour
Labrador Ventures : Sean Foote
Labrador Ventures : Larry Kubal
Laconia Capital Group : David Arcara
Las Olas Venture Capital : Mark Volchek
LaSalle Investments : Bob Geras
Lattice Ventures : Brittany Gorevic
Launch Capital : Konstantine Drakonakis
Launch Capital LLC : Elon Boms
LaunchCapital : Dave Shen
Launchpad Venture Group : Glenn Champagne
Lazard Technology Partners : Kevin Burns
Lead Dog Ventures : John Landry
Leaf Clean Energy : Matthew Fedors
Legend Capital : Zhu Linan
Legend Ventures : Todd Klein
Lerer Hippeau Ventures : Eric Hippeau
Lerer Hippeau Ventures : Kenneth Lerer
Lerer Hippeau Ventures : Ben Lerer
LFE Capital  : Ron Leaf
Liberati Corporation : John Liberati
Liberati Corporation : Maria Liberati
Liberty City Ventures : Dorothy Jean Chang
Liberty Venture Partners : Thomas Morse
LightSpeed Venture Partners : Will Kohler
Lightspeed Venture Partners : Andrew Moley
Lightyear Capital : Donald Marron
Lightyear Capital : Michael Doppelt
Lightyear Capital : Chris Casciato
Linden Capital Partners : Brian C. Miller
Liquid Capital Group : Randy Domolky
Liquidity Works : Kyle Harris
Lizhi : Yang Zhou
LLR Partners : Tim Foster
LLR Partners : David Reuter
Lobodos Ventures : Michael Wolf
Lone Star New Markets : Arthur Hollingsworth
Longworth Venture Partners : Nilanjana Bhowmik
Longworth Venture Partners : John Lawrence
LORE ASSOCIATES   : John Patberg
Loup Ventures : Doug Clinton
LunaCap Ventures : Paul Capon
Lux Capital : Peter Hebert
Macomb-OU INC : Mike Brennan
Madrona Venture Group : Tom  Alberg
Mangrove Capital : Mark Tluszcz
Marlin Equity Partners II : David Mcgovern
Maryland TEDCO : Robert Rosenbaum
Mashable : Pete Cashmore
Massachusetts Clean Energy Center : Arif Padaria
MassCatalyst  : Bobby  Katoli
Masthead Venture Partners : Daniel Flatley
Matrix Capital : Michael C. Morrison
Matrix Partners : Chris Kelly
Matrix Partners China : David Zhang
Maverick Angels : Ravindra Kondagunta
MAVN Funding : Stephen Silver
Mayfield Fund : John Stockton
McCarter English  : David J Sorin
McCown De Leeuw & Co. : Bob Hellman
MCI Management : Tomasz Czechowicz
MCI Management : Cezary Smorszczewski
Medina Capital : Manuel D. Medina
MedVenture Associates : Jan Barker
Meidlinger Partners : Kevin Brophy
Meidlinger Partners : Tami Fratis
Mellanox Capital : Nimrod Gindi
Menlo Ventures : Douglas C. Carlisle
Menlo Ventures : Sonja Hoel Perkins
Mercury Fund : Blair Garrou
Meridian Management Group, Inc.  : Catherine Lockhart
Meridian Venture Partners : Thomas Penn
Meritech Capital Partners : George Bischof
Meritech Capital Partners : Mike Gordon
Mesa Ventures : Andrew Montgomery
Meta : Ben Sand
Metamorphic Ventures : Brandon Buchanan
Metamorphic Ventures : David Hirsch
Metamorphic Ventures : Marc Michel
Metis Group : Shannon Lopez
MI-12 Ventures, LLC : Joseph Hackett
Miami Innovation Fund : Steve Repetti
Miami Innovation Fund : Ricardo Weisz
Miami Innovation Fund : Rajat Joshi
Michigan Funders : David Tessler
Michigan Funders : Niles Heron
Microsoft Ventures : Priya Saiprasad
Mid Atlantic Bio Angels : Yaniv Sneor
Mid-Atlantic Venture Association : Kimberly Weir
Middlebury Venture Partners : Robert P. Mahoney 
Milestone Venture Partners : Alan S. Kelley
Milestone Venture Partners : Richard Dumler
Millennium Technology Value Partners  : Daniel Burstein
Millennium Technology Ventures, LP : Dan Borok
Minority Angel Investor Network : Sushma Rajagopalan
Mission OG : Andy Newcomb
MobDog : Sean Anderson
Mobility Ventures : David Sym-Smith
Mobility Ventures : Roman Kikta
Mohn Davidow Ventures : Pamela Mahoney
Mohr Davidow Ventures : Sven Strohband
Money Dashboard : Gavin Littlejohn
Montage Ventures : Todd  Kimmel
Montagu Newhall Associates : Patrick A. Cairns
Montlake Capital : Rob Wiltbank
Monument Advisors, Inc. : Larry Wechter
Monumental Venture Partners : Roland Oliver
Moore Venture Partners : Terry W.  Moore
Mosley Ventures : Sig Mosley
Motorola Solutions Venture Capital : Reese Schroeder
Motorola Ventures : Code Cubbit
Mountaineer Capital : Patrick Bond
MPB Investment : Matthew P.  Barach  
Murphree Venture Partners : Dennis Murphree
MVM Life Science Partners : Bosun Hau
MVP Capital Partners : Thomas Penn
Nanostart Investments : Michael Flach
NAV Fund : Jose Ferreira
NAV Fund : Scott Johnson
NEA - New Enterprise Associates : Justin Klein, MD, JD
NEA - New Enterprise Associates : Peter Barris
NeoCarta Ventures : Paul Hsu
NetworkingPhoenix : Gelie Akhenblit
New Atlantic Ventures (NAV) : Thanasis Delistathis
New Atlantic Ventures (NAV) : John Backus
New Atlantic Ventures (NAV) : Todd Hixon
New Markets Venture Partners : Robb Doub
New Vantage Group : John May
New World Angels : Jonathan Cole
New World Angels : Doug Gluck
New World Angels : Franc Nemanic
New World Angels : Rhys Williams
New World Ventures : Jeffrey Maters
New York Angels : Brian Cohen
New York Angels : Angel Investing Group
New York Angels : Bob Gailus
New York Angels : Alain Bankier
New York Angels : Chris Saxman
New York Angels : Paul Sciabica
New York Angels : Mark Schneider
New York Angels : Jeffrey Seltzer
New York City Investment Fund : Maria Gotsch
New York Life Ventures : Robert Hayden
New York Venture Partners : Trace Cohen
NewGen Venture Partners : Lu Zhang
Newlight  Associates : Doug Miscoll
Newlight Associates : Robert Brill
NewSpring Capital : Glenn T. Rieger
NewSpring Capital : Adam VeVerka
Next World Capital : Craig Hanson
Next World Capital : Tom Rikert
Next World Capital : Sebastien Lepinard
Next World Capital : Ben Fu
next47 : Ravi Mulugu
NextSeed : Abe Chu
NextStage Capital : Terry Williams
NextStage LLC : John Belizaire
NGP Energy Technology Partners   : Philip Deutch
NJTC Venture Fund : Phillip Chan
NJTC Venture Fund : Joe Falkstein
NJTC Venture Fund : Jim Guntun
Nokia : Hitesh Anand
Noro-Moseley Partners : Kathy Harris
North Bay Equity Partners : Matthew E. Cole
North Bridge Venture Partners : Ed Anderson
North Bridge Venture Partners  : Edward Anderson
North Bridge Venture Partners : Rich D'Amore
North Bridge Venture Partners : Ric Fulop
North Coast : Lindsay Aspegren
North Sea Ventures : Robert Wilson
Northgate Capital : Alfredo Alfaro
Northgate Capital : Hosein Khajeh
Northgate Capital : Thomas Vardell
Northgate Capital : Brent Jones
Northgate Capital : Alnoor  Ramji
Northwest Quadrant Ventures : Bryant Hayward
Northwest Venture Associates : Tom Simpson
Norwest Venture Partners : Robert Abbott
Norwest Venture Partners : Lisa Wu
Norwest Venture Partners : Joshua Goldman
Norwest Venture Partners : Sergio Monsalve
Novak Biddle Venture Partners : Janet Yang
Novak Biddle Venture Partners : Prashanth Boccasam
Novak Biddle Venture Partners : Sean Glass
Novitas Capital : Scott Nissenbaum
NYC Investment Fund : Marsha Yuan
NYC Seed : Owen Davis
NYU Innovation Venture Fund : Frank Rimalovski
OMERS Ventures : Jim Balsillie
OmniCapital Group : David Stahl
One Equity Partners   : Ethan Ayer
One Match Ventures : Sky Fernandes
ONSET Ventures : Raman Khanna
Open Prairie Ventures : Steve Griffin
Open Prairie Ventures : Jim Schultz
OpenView Partners : Scott Maxwell
OpenView Partners : Amanda Maksymiw
OpenView Venture Partners : George Roberts
Orbimed Private Investments IV : Jonathan T. Silverstein
Orbimed Private Investments IV : Carl L. Gordon
Orbimed Private Investments IV : Sven H. Borho
Orbimed Private Investments IV : Samuel D. Isaly
Oregon Angel Fund (OAF) : Scott Sandler
Organic Startup : Scott Sangster
Originate Ventures : Matt Bieber
Osage University Partners : David Drahms
Osage University Partners : Nate Lentz
Osage University Partners : Michael Phelan
Osage Venture Partners : David Drahms
Osage Venture Partners : Robert Adelson
Osage Venture Partners : Sean Dowling
Ovation Capital : Todd Squilanti
OVP Venture Partners : Gerry Langeler
OVP Venture Partners : Lucinda Stewart
OVP Venture Partners : Charles Waite
OVP Venture Partners : Bill Funcannon
Oxford Bioscience Partners : Christopher Kim, Ph.D.
PA Early Stage : Guy Winters, Jr.
PA Early Stage Partners : Paul Schmidt
Pacesetter Capital Group : Divakar  Kamath
Pacific Horizon Ventures : Donald Elmer
Pacific Southwest Ventures : Craig Ballard
Pacific West Land, LLC : Martin A. Stever
Pacifica Fund : Himanshu Choksi
Paladin Capital : Mike Steed
Paladin Capital Group : Hannah Clifford
Paladin Capital Group : William Reinisch
Paladin Partners : Janis Machala
Palm Ventures : Harold Levy
PalmStar Media Capital : Michael Bassick
Palo Alto Venture Partners : Neil Weintraut
Palomar Ventures : Kevin Jacques
Panacea Capital Advisors : Sam Rubenstein
Pantegrion Capital : Alicia Syrett
Pantegrion Capital : Alicia Syrett
Paperboy Ventures : Jaime J. Lewis
Pappas Ventures  : Art Pappas
Partech International : Tom McKinley
Partech International : Philippe Cases
Partnership for New York City  : Mark Thompson
Pasadena Angels : Steve Slater
Pasadena Angels : Louis Dienes
Peachtree Equity Partners : Andy Rose
Peachtree Equity Partners : John McCarty
Peate Ventures : John Peate
Pebble Creek Partners : Dave Galanis
Pelion Venture Partners : Ben Dahl
Pelion Venture Partners : Carl Ledbetter
Penny Black : Eliot T. Durbin
Perfect Pages : Dan Settgast
Phabriq Development : Scott Edward McIntyre
Phenomenelle Angels Fund, 1, LP : Lauren Flanagan
Piedmont Angel Network : Lou Anne Flanders-Stec
Pitango Venture Capital : Bruce Crocker
Pivot Investment Partners : Dinkar Jetley
Playbook Inc : Chris Uhrig
Plus Eight Equity Partners : Rishi Patel
Point One Percent : Elijah Duckworth-Schachter
Polaris Partner : Pat Kinsel
Polaris Partner : John Gannon
Polaris Partner : Alan Crane
Polaris Partner : Brian Chee
Polaris Partner : Noel Ruane
Polaris Partner : Gary Swart
Polaris Partner : Jason Trevisan
Polaris Partner : Amy Schulman
Polaris Partner : Peter Flint
Polaris Partner : Dave Barrett
Polaris Venture Partners : Kevin Bitterman
Pond Venture Partners : Richard Irving
Portland Seed Fund : Angela Jackson
Portview Communications Partners : Robin Hacke
Portview Communications Partners : Sandy Roskes
powerHouse : Dr. Stephen Hampson
Practo Technologies : Shashank ND
Precision Ventures : Josh Wiesman
Presidio Venture Capital  : John  Frazier
Presidio Ventures : Ross Leav
PriceMatch : Khalid  El Guitti
Prigel Capital, LLC : Kevin Prigel
Prism Venture Partners : John Brooks
Pritzker Group VC : J.B. Pritzker
Privatas Equity Holdings LLC : E. Boyan Josic
Promettre International Ventures, Inc. : P. Stan Keith
Propeller Investments : Andrew Morgan
Propeller.vc : Jason  Kaminsky
Propeller.vc : Jason  Kaminsky
PropFunds LP : Jim  Aldrich
Prosper Marketplace : Ron Suber
Psilos : Jeffrey M. Krauss
Pyramid Technology Ventures : Alexander Rhea
QED Investors : Nigel Morris
Qualcomm Ventures : Gil Demeter
Qualcomm Ventures : Albert Wang
Questmark Partners : Michael Leidesdorff
Quixey : Liron Shapira
Quotidian Ventures : Demian Bellumio
RAA Ventures : Henry Wu
RAA Ventures : Robert Afshar
Radius Ventures : Jordan Davis
Raise : George Bousis
Rakesh Agrawal, SnapStream Founder & Investor : Rakesh Agrawal
Ramsey Financial Group : Meagan  Crawford
Raptor Ventures : Harry DeMott
RealCrowd : Adam Hooper
Recursive Ventures : Itamar Novick
Red and Blue Ventures : Brett Topche
Red Bear Angels : Meghan Cross
Red Giraffe Advisors : Sapna Shah
Red Rock Ventures : Laura Brege
Red Ventures : Abhishek Ratani
Redpoint Ventures : Allen Beasley
RedShift Ventures : Ransom Parker
Redstone Business Holdings, LLC : Jason Jimenez
Relay Ventures : John Occhipinti
Relay Ventures : Alex Baker
Renovus Capital Partners : Brad Whitman
Republic : Kendrick Nguyen
Research Valley Funds : James Lancaster
Resonant Venture Capital : Michael Godwin
Rethink Education : Matt Greenfield
Revelry Brands : Brendan Synnott
Revelstoke Capital Partners : Mark M. King
Reynolds & Company Venture Partners LLC : Andrew Reynolds
Rho Ventures : Ben Terk
Rho Ventures : Medha Vedaprakash
Rho Ventures : Habib Kairouz
Ridgewood Capital : Lou Mazzucchelli
Ripple Labs : Chris Larsen
Rittenhouse Ventures : Saul Richter
Riverwood Capital : Michael Marks
Robert Bosch Venture Capital GmbH : Dr. Markus Thill
Robin Hood Ventures : Maria Maccecchini
Robin Hood Ventures : Tom Olenzak
Robin Hood Ventures : Ellen Weber
Robin Hood Ventures : Rob Weber
Robin Hood Ventures : George Marks
Robin Hood Ventures : John Moore
Robin Hood Ventures : John Moran
Rockbrook Advisors : Kristina Castle
Rockefeller Group Investment Management : Dennis Irvine
Rocket Ventures : Michael Bogdan
Rocket Ventures : Jeff Allen
Rockfish : Michael Stich
Rockfish : Dave Knox
Rodale : Jon Levy
Rothenberg Ventures : Mike Rothenberg
RRE Ventures : James Robinson IV
RRE Ventures : Raju Rishi
RRE Ventures : Mac Lipscomb
RRE Ventures : Will Porteous
RRE Ventures : Alexa du Pont
RTP Ventures : Kirill Sheynkman
RTP Ventures : Steve Berg
Rubicon Ventures : Joshua B. Siegel
Rudyard Partners : Cristina Dolan
Rudyard Partners : Matthew Growney
Rustic Canyon Partners : Jon Staenberg
Rustic Canyon Partners : John Babcock
Rustic Canyon Partners : Neal Hansch
Rustic Canyon Venture Partners : Ed Fu
S3 Ventures : Brian R. Smith
SaaStr Fund : Michael Cardamone
Saban Capital Group : Haim Saban
SABAN Ventures : Richard Yen
SABIC : Jim  Allman
Sacramento Angels : Roger Akers
Safeguard Scientifics : David Luk
Safeguard Scientifics, Inc.  : Mark Mitchell
Samsung Catalyst Fund : Jonathan Charles
Samsung Ventures : Stephen Lee
Sand Hill Angels : Jim Connor
Sand Hill Angels : Mohammed Alzubi
Sand Hill Angels : Ryan Kennedy
Sanderling Ventures : Robert McNeil, Ph.D.
SAP Ventures : Gaurav Tewari
SAP Ventures : Raza Jafri
Sapphire Ventures : Nino Marakovic
Saratoga Equity, Inc. : Frank Maresca
SAS Investors  : Ramana Jampala
Saturn Partners : Susan Antonio
Sazze : Jacob Chapman
Scale Venture Partners : Rory O�Driscoll
Sceata Technology Group : Salvatore Gaglio
Schneider Electric Ventures : Benoit Toulouse
Scout RFP : Chris  Crane
Scout Ventures : Bradley C Harrison
SDS Ventures : Francisco Martin
SeaPoint Ventures : Melissa Widner
SeaPoint Ventures : Susan Sigl
Seaport Capital : Andrew Meyers
Security Growth Partners : Elad Yoran
Seed Sumo : Bryan Bulte
SeedInvest : James Han
SeedSumo : Steven Tinkle
Selby Venture Partners : Bob Marshall
Selby Venture Partners : Michael Burgess
Sentient Ventures : Don Carson
Seraph Capital : Villette Nolan
SeventySix Capital : Scott Bohrer
SeventySix Capital (ETF Venture Funds) : Howard Smith
Sevin Rosen Funds : William Paiva
Shasta Ventures  : Jason Pressman
Shasta Ventures : Rob Coneybeer
Shasta Ventures : Tod Francis
Shasta Ventures : Nitin Chopra
Shaw Management Advisors LLC (SMAI)  : Peter Shaw
Shepperd Mullin : Joseph Daniels
Shipman and Goodwin : Peter Bilfield
Shirat Enterprises Ltd.  : Eliezer Manor
Shore Capital Partners : Justin Ishbia
Siemens Venture Capital : Michael Majors
Siemens Venture Capital : Eric Bielke
SierraMaya360 : Eric Kagan
SierraMaya360 : Amish Shah
Sigma Partners : John Mandile
Sigma West : Josh Breinlinger
Sigma West : Gregory Gretsch
Sigma West : Peter Solvik
Signal Equity Partners : Alfred Puchala
Signal Peak Ventures : Ron Heinz
Signature Investment Group : Nick Jekogian
Signia Venture Partners : Linus Liang
Silas Capital : Carter Weiss
Silicom Ventures : Angel Investor Group
Silicom Ventures : Shlomo  Waser
Silicon Harbor PR : Paul Swiergosz
Silicon Valley Bank : Ryan Edwards
Silicon Valley Open Doors : David Koehn
Silver Creek Ventures : John Adler
Silver Lake Partners : Mike Bingle
Silver Lake Partners : Susannah Carrier
Silver Lake Partners : John Brennan
Silver Lake Partners : Raj Atluru
Silver Lake Partners III : Joerg Adams
Silverton Partners : Morgan Flager
Simon Venture Group : J. Skyler Fernandes
Simon Venture Group : Natalie Hwang
SJF Ventures : David Kirkpatrick
SJF Ventures : Arrun Kapoor
SJF Ventures : David Griest
SJF Ventures : Alan Kelley
SJF Ventures : Cody Nystrom
SK Telecom Ventures : Min Park
Slater Technology Fund : Thorne Sparkman
Slow Ventures : Dave Morin
SmartForest : Thomas Toy
Social Leverage : Howard Lindzon
Softbank Capital : Nikhil Kalghatgi
Softbank Capital : Steven Murray
SoftBank Capital  : Ron Schreiber 
Softbank Capital : Jordan Levy
SoftTech VC : Jeff Clavier
Solis Capital Partners : Daniel Lubeck
Sonic Words : Tim Gentry
Sorenson Capital : Ron Mika
SoundBoard Angel Fund : Jonathan Hakakian
South Valley Angels : Danielle Davenport
Spark Capital : Alex Finkelstein
Spencer Trask Ventures : Steve Wendler
Split Rock Partners : Jim Simons
Split Rock Partners : Josh Baltzell
Split Rock Partners : Michael Gorman
Square Peg Capital : Paul Bassat
Square Peg Capital : Gavin Appel
Square Peg Capital : Barry Brott
SR One : Kent Gossett
SSM Partners : Casey West
Stagefront Partners : Beau Gordon
Star Angel Network : Erica Minnihan
STAR Angel Network : Justin Humphries
Star Mountain Capital  : Christopher Gimbert
Star Mountain Capital : Brett Hickey
StartHouston : James Tao
StarVest Partners : Laura Sachar
StarVest Partners : Jeanne Sullivan
Starwood Capital Group : Barry Sternlicht
Steelhead Capital Management : Leslie  Kreis
Stellar : Jed McCaleb
Sternhill Partners : Marc Geller
Stolberg Equity Partners LLC : Chad Lyne
Stonehenge Growth Equity Partners : Brian Model
Stony Lonesome Group : Sean Drake
Storm Ventures : Tae Hea Nahm
Storm Ventures : Ryan  Floyd
StrategixVision : Bill Clem
Stripes Group : Dan Marriott
Stripes Group : Ken Fox
Studio VC : Joseph Coyne
Subtraction Capital : Jason Portnoy
Suffolk Equity Partners : Freddie Martignetti
Summit Partners : Mark deLaar
Sunrock Ventures : Matthew Shaw
Sunstone Capital : Peter Benson
Sunstone Capital : Jimmy Fussing Nielsen
Sunstone Capital : Jorgen Smidt
Surge Accelerator : Kirk Coburn
Sutter Hill Ventures : Jeff Bird
Sutter Hill Ventures : Andy Sheenhan
SV Angel : David Lee
SV Angel : Brian Pokorny
SV Life Sciences : Samuel Wu, MD, PhD
Swig Equities : Kent Swig
Symmetric Partners : Daniel K. Doyle
Symmetric Ventures : Adi Levanon
Sysco Ventures : Brian Beach
T2 Venture Capital : Greg Horowitt
TA Associates : Michael Libert
TA Venture : Viktoriya  Tigipko
TA Venture : Marco Valta
Taboola : Adam Singolda
Tamiami Angel Fund : Timothy Cartwright
Target Ventures : Vadim Tarasov
TBL Capital : Mark Finser
Team Europe : Kolja Hebenstreit
Tech Coast Angels : Amir Banifatemi
Tech Coast Angels : Ray Chan
Tech Coast Angels : Christopher Buckstein
Tech Coast Angels : Stewart Roberts
Tech Coast Angels : Jeffrey Lapin
Tech Coast Angels : Wayne Rickard
Tech Coast Angels & Venture Farm : Sid Mohasseb
Tech Coast Venture Network : Ash Kumra
Tech WildCatters : Molly Cain
Technology Crossover Ventures : Erik Blachford
Technology Crossover Ventures : Simon Breakwell
Technology Crossover Ventures : Jerome Hershey
Techstars :  Alex  Iskold
TechStock, Inc. : Robert Petrie
Techxas Ventures : Bruce Ezell
Telecommunications Development Fund : Neal Douglas
Tenaya Capital : Ben Boyer
Tenaya Capital : Tom Banahan
Tenex Medical Investors : Private Investor Group
Tenex Medical Investors : Alfred Mandel
Tengelmann Ventures : Helmut Klawitter
Texas Women Ventures : Whitney Johns Martin
TEXO Ventures : Randall Crowder
Thayer Ventures : Mark Farrell
The Angel's Forum : J.C. Sarner
The Arizona Founders Fund : Ruminder Dhillon
The Atlanta Technology Angels : Greg Smith
The Atlanta Technology Angels : Michael Horton
The Batchery : Joshua Langenthal
The Batchery : Ahmed Chaudhary
The Batchery : Kal Deutsch
The Brandery : Mike Bott
The CAPROCK Group : Gregory A. Brown
The Cornell Group  : Pamy J.S.  Arora 
The Edtech fund : Stanley Buchesky
The Florida Value Fund : Gil Hermon
The Fresh Diet : Zalmi Duchman
The Grosvenor Funds : Will Thierbach
The Gulf Coast Venture Forum : John Gleeson
The Halo Funds : Ed Esber
The MAG Fund / Ben Franklin Technology Partners : Chris Starr
The Refinery : Janis Collins
The Soho Loft : David Drake
The Trim Tab Group  : Scott Toborg
The Verticom Group : Christian Mayaud
The View Group : Mintoo Bhandari
The Worldwide Investor Network (W.I.N.) : Elizabeth Lopez
Thesis Ventures  : Michael O'Donnell
Third Shore Group : Chris Kondogiani
Thomvest Ventures : Andrew Tweed
Ticonderoga Capital : Tyler Wick
TL Ventures : Atul Madahar
Tollman Capital Partners : Kyle Fugere
Topstone Angels : Kristin Calve
Touchdown Ventures : David Horowitz
Touchdown Ventures : Richard Grant
Touchdown Ventures : Scott Lenet
TPG Growth : William E. McGlashan
Tradesy : John Hall
Trailblazer Capital : Joel Fontenot
TransferWise : Kristo  Kaarmann
Transformation Ventures : Unity Stoakes
Translink Capital : Jay Eum
Transmedia Capital : Chris Redlitz
Trestle Ventures : Vince Menichelli
Tribeca Venture Partners : Brian Hirsch
Tribeca Venture Partners : Somak Chattopadhyay
Trident Capital : Alberto Yepez
Trident Capital : Matt Chagan
Trident Capital : Venetia Kontogouris
Trident Capital : Nick Bellomo
Trident Capital : Michael Biggee
Trinity Energy Group : Victor Roman
Trinity Ventures : Alex Osadzinski
Trinity Ventures : Phil Carter
Trinity Ventures : Jim Tybur
Trinity Ventures : Fred Wang
Trinity Ventures  : Tim McAdam 
Trinity Ventures : Karan Mehandru
TriState Investors : Ellen Sandles
True Venture Partners : John Burke
True Ventures : Phil Black
Tugboat Ventures : Christopher J. Alden 
Two Sigma Ventures : Colin Beirne
U.S. Venture Partners : Arati Prabhakar
Uber : Travis Kalanick
UCLA Venture Fund : Mark  Kapczynski
UNEE GROUP : Cody Cupp
Union Square Ventures : Fred Wilson
Unison Capital Partners : Moran Bar-Kochva
University Venture Fund : Allan Young
Unshackled Ventures : Manan Mehta
Unshackled Ventures : Nitin Pachisia
Updata Capital : Don More
Updata Partners : Rich Erickson
Updata Partners : Tim Meyers
Updata Partners : Conor Mullett
Upfront Ventures : Hamet Watt
Upfront Ventures : Steven Dietz
Upfront Ventures : Yves Sisteron
Upfront Ventures : Mark  Suster
UPS Strategic Enterprise Fund : Alan J. Koenning 
UPS Strategic Enterprise Fund : Rimas Kapeskas
Urban Capital : Michael Zimmer
V3 Capital Strategies, LLC.  : Randal H. Drew
VA Angels Kelowna and Phoenix : Randy Lennon
Valhalla Partners  : Scott Frederick
VantagePoint Venture Partners : Jason Whitt
Vault Capital : Petra Franklin
Vegas Valley Angels : Mark Brennan
Vegas Valley Angels : Ian McNeil
Vegas Valley Angels : William Botts
Vegas Valley Angels : Eugene Wong
Vencon Management, Inc. : Irvin Barash
Venrock : Fred Aslan, M.D.
Venrock : Ray Rothrock
Venrock : Brian Ascher
Venrock : Steve Goldberg, Ph.D.
Venrock : Camille Samuels
Ventana Capital : Thomas Gephart
Venture Fuel Partners :  Shan  Zaidi
Verizon Ventures : John Doherty
Vertex Venture Capital : Yoram Oron
Vertex Venture Capital : Ran Gartenberg
Vertex Venture Capital : David Heller
VES Partners / Houston Angel Network : John Filla
Victory Park Capital : Matthew Ray
Victory Park Capital : Brendan Carroll
Victory Park Capital : Richard Levy
Victory Park Capital : Jordan Allen
Vintaytime : Ankit Singh  Dev
Virgin USA : Gabriel Baldinucci
Virginia Capital Partners : Tom Deardorff
Vista Ventures : Mike Gagnon 
Vital Venture Capital : Craig Asher
Vital Venture Capital : Nat Brinn
Voyager Capital : Curtis Feeny
Voyager Capital : Daniel Gallagher
Voyager Capital : Erik Benson
Voyager Capital : Bill McAleer
W Capital Partners : Robert Migliorino
Walden International : Lip-Bu Tan
Walden Venture Capital : Larry Marcus
Walden Venture Capital : Matt Miller
Walker Ventures : Rusty Griffith
Warbros Venture Partners : John Warburg
Warburg Pincus : Jacques Aigrain
Warburg Pincus : Jonas Agesand
Wasabi Ventures : Jeffrey D. Abbott
Wasabi Ventures : Tom Kuegler
Wasatch Venture Capital : Michael Hennessy
Wasatch Venture Fund : Kent Madsen
Washington Research Foundation : Ronald S. Howell
Waud Capital Partners : Philip S. Kemp Jr
WayFounder : Damon D�Amore
WeiserMazars LLP : Michael Devito
WFD Ventures : Tim Langloss
Wheatley Partners : Lawrence Wagenberg
Whistle : Ben Jacobs
White Star Capital : Eric Martineau
White Star Capital : Christian Hernandez
White Star Capital : Jean Francois
WI Harper Group : Eric Chen
WI Harper Group : David  Lam
WI Harper Group : Peter Liu
Willamette University : Wade Brooks
Wisconsin Investment Partners : Dick Leazer
Wolverine Angels : Shane Kelly
Woodside Fund : Bob Larson
Worldview Technology Partners : David Suzuki
Worthy Financial : Sally Outlaw
WRF Capital : Loretta  Little
Wynnchurch Capital Partners II : John A. Hatherly
Y Combinator : Adora Cheung
Y Combinator : Marc Andreessen
Y Combinator : Satya Nadella
Yamaha Motor Ventures : Jay Onda
Yang Ventures : Terrence Yang
YPO Fund NYC : Nick Jekogian
Yun Capital : Jung Yun
Zelkova Ventures : Jay Levy
ZINO Society : Rob Brown
ZINO Society : Cathi Hatch
Zuber Lawler & Del Duca : Josh Lawler
Zynik Capital Corp.  : Nadeem Kassam 





Do you use an RSS Feed Reader?
Join FundingPost's Investor Profile RSS Feed 
and get new Investor Profiles every day!





Next
Previous





"FundingPost allows the venture community to review many interesting deals in a short period of time. The consistent format allows VCs to quickly evaluate companies raising capital based on the criteria that's most important to them." - Deepak Kamra, Canaan Partners






"I know that I've invested in at least one deal associated with FundingPost events, and it's a great networking opportunity with the founders and the VCs that are there. I'm looking forward to this one!" - John Filla, Angel Investor, Houston Angel Network






"I just invested in a mobile company I met through FundingPost - Thanks!" - Jay Goldberg, Hudson Ventures






"Empire Angels has invested in two companies we met through FundingPost. This is a great forum for entrepreneurs to meet investors and we look forward to continued participation!" - Graham Gullans, Empire Angels






"FundingPost has provided Investors a great way to read company summaries from across the country, and entrepreneurs the opportunity to get in front of a lot of Venture Funds they wouldn't normally have access to." - Richard Irving, Pond Venture Partners






"I see CEO's get their PhDs in best practices for how-to-get-funded techniques. This is accomplished through FundingPost's well orchestrated and accomplished conferences - great for learning from and networking with the money sources."  - Jeanne M. Sullivan, StarVest Partners







"BP's Castrol innoVentures invested in a company we met through FundingPost - They are a great resource for Investors and entrepreneurs alike!" - Miriam C Eaves, BP's Castrol innoVentures






"As a result of the conference we attended in Miami, Caerus made one of its first Investments in a Florida-based company whose CEO we met because of the impressive network FundingPost has constructed. " - Zachary A. Cherry, Caerus Ventures LLC 






"I am happy to be a member of FundingPost.com. We always find good prospects, and the interface is efficient and easy to use. Thanks for putting this together." - George Petracek, Atrium Capital






"The Las Vegas Investor RoundTable of December 2013 was a great event because I got to know many talented entrepreneurs in Las Vegas that I would not have met in person otherwise. After the event, I made an investment of $25,000 in a seed idea that is looking very promising! I am looking forward to future events and future investments in Las Vegas entrepreneurs." - Don Sorensen, Las Vegas Angel Investor
























Pando: Alpha Venture Partners raises first fund aimed at later stage investments

































































Alpha Venture Partners raises first fund aimed at later stage investments










          
          By Cale Guthrie Weissman
        , written on
        March 5, 2014
      

Share this article onFacebookShare this article onTwitterShare this article onGoogle PlusShare this article onLinkedIn


From The
News
Desk




There's a new venture fund in New York, but it's not taking the same seed and Series A spray and pray path that's saturated the market over the last few years. Alpha Venture Partners, which launched last month and is in the process of closing its first fund, will look to make growth stage bets (Series B and C) in established companies seeking scale. The company already wrote its first such check to Live Intent, an email advertising startup that raised a $10 million Series C in January.
Alpha has lined up 10 LPs to participate, each guaranteeing at least $5 million, some more than $10 million according to fund co-founder Steve Brotman. He wouldn’t disclose the current fundraising total, saying only "[it's] enough to get into a first close."
Brotman, who co-founded Alpha with Brian Smiga, has 15 years of venture experience under his belt, holding positions at Greenhill SAVP, the Pritzker Group Venture Capital, and founding Silicon Alley Venture Partners. He's invested in 30 companies, both pre- and post-dot com bust, and had two marquee exits: LivePerson and Medidata, both of which went public with the latter seeing 30 times return.
Brotman's has quite a bit of experience with early stage tech companies, and a void he sees in the middle marked both contributed to the decision to branch out and start the new fund. "The structure of the industry is definitely aimed more toward early stage investments," Brotman tells me. "There's been a huge boom in seed and Series A investing," but far fewer firms investing in Series Bs and Cs.
That's because, he says, there's a fetishizing for early stage investing, as well as a decline in the capital needs of young businesses. But Brotman has also seen a need for investors wanting to be part of something solid with the potential of an earlier exit.
"[Limited partners] don't want to wait ten years for an exit," he says, calling later stage rounds "undersubscribed.” Some in the Valley may disagree. There's been a growing resurgence in growth-stage investing lately, driven in large part by the success of Yuri Milner, Chris Sacca, and others making late-stage bets on Facebook, Twitter, and the like. At the same time, Brotman's mileage may vary and surely there's need among less high-profile late-stage companies.
It may require more capital to obtain a meaningful stake in an established company but it's also a safer bet. According to the Wall Street Journal three out of four startups fail. At the same time, statistics show that most companies falter at Series A and Series B, but once passed that it’s smooth sailing, relatively.
Alpha plans a passive investment strategy. Brotman and his partners will not serve on boards nor lead investments. "We are a co-investor in an opportunity that needs more capital," he says
Brotman adds that this approach should appear advantageous to investors hoping to see sizable returns, but with a risk profile of backing proven companies and seeking scale. For some investors, that strategy could prove to be assuring. One real plus he sees is that these later-stage investments don't require as much diligence as those in their early stages. To some investors this could seem less exhilarating than discovering the next Twitter at the seed stage but easier on the blood pressure.
Historically, of course, venture returns aren't this cut and dried. No matter the stage of investment it's never a sure bet.
[image via alphavp]

Share this article onFacebookShare this article onTwitterShare this article onGoogle PlusShare this article onLinkedIn





Read this next























 







Alpha Venture Partners Launches $100M Fund - Law360
































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help








Which Are The Best Law Firms For Women?
Read Law360's Glass Ceiling Report





Alpha Venture Partners Launches $100M Fund



        By Matthew Perlman



					Law360, New York (December 7, 2016, 12:59 PM EST) -- Alpha Venture Partners said Tuesday that it will look to raise $100 million for a new fund focused on providing capital to early stage venture capital investors to help them participate in the later funding rounds of their portfolio companies.The firm is launching Alpha Venture Partners Fund II, a co-investment fund that will target venture capitalists with expiring pro rata rights, according to a statement. The rights give investors the ability to participate in a company’s subsequent funding rounds in order to maintain their level...
				
To view the full article, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login










 Add to Briefcase

 Printable Version
 Rights/Reprints
 Editorial Contacts

Related
Sections



Asset Management



Capital Markets



Private Equity








			Check out Law360's new podcast, Pro Say, which offers a weekly recap of both the biggest stories and hidden gems from the world of law.
		

Listen To Our Latest



Most Popular


1
The Best Law Firms For Female Attorneys


2
The Best Law Firms For Female Partners


3
The 2017 Law360 Glass Ceiling Report


4
How 4 Firms Are Moving The Needle On Gender Diversity


5
4 Female Perspectives On BigLaw Leadership















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Asset Management
											

 Capital Markets
											

 Private Equity
											

 Show all interests


 Aerospace & Defense
													

 Appellate
													

 Automotive
													

 Banking
													

 Bankruptcy
													

 California
													

 Class Action
													

 Commercial Contracts
													

 Competition
													

 Consumer Protection
													

 Corporate
													

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
													

 Delaware
													

 Employment
													

 Energy
													

 Environmental
													

 Financial Services Uk
													

 Florida
													

 Food & Beverage
													

 Government Contracts
													

 Health
													

 Hospitality
													

 Illinois
													

 Immigration
													

 Insurance
													

 Insurance Uk
													

 Intellectual Property
													

 International Arbitration
													

 International Trade
													

 Law360 In Depth
													

 Legal Ethics
													

 Life Sciences
													

 Media & Entertainment
													

 Medical Malpractice
													

 Mergers & Acquisitions
													

 Native American
													

 New Jersey
													

 New York
													

 Pennsylvania
													

 Product Liability
													

 Project Finance
													

 Public Policy
													

 Real Estate
													

 Retail & E Commerce
													

 Securities
													

 Sports
													

 Tax
													

 Technology
													

 Telecommunications
													

 Texas
													

 Transportation
													

 Trials
													

 White Collar
													







Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In
















×
Sign up for our free Asset Management newsletter






You must correct or enter the following before you can sign up:




Please provide a professional email:



 Select more newsletters to receive for free




 Aerospace & Defense
												



 Appellate
												



 Asset Management
												



 Automotive
												



 Banking
												



 Bankruptcy
												



 California
												



 Capital Markets
												



 Class Action
												



 Commercial Contracts
												



 Competition
												



 Consumer Protection
												



 Corporate
												



 Cybersecurity & Privacy
												



 Delaware
												



 Employment
												



 Energy
												



 Environmental
												



 Florida
												



 Food & Beverage
												



 Government Contracts
												



 Health
												



 Hospitality
												



 Illinois
												



 Immigration
												



 Insurance
												



 Intellectual Property
												



 International Arbitration
												





 International Trade
												



 Law360 In-Depth
												



 Legal Ethics
												



 Legal Industry
												



 Life Sciences
												



 Media & Entertainment
												



 Medical Malpractice
												



 Mergers & Acquisitions
												



 Native American
												



 New Jersey
												



 New York
												



 Pennsylvania
												



 Private Equity
												



 Product Liability
												



 Project Finance
												



 Public Policy
												



 Real Estate
												



 Retail & E-Commerce
												



 Securities
												



 Sports
												



 Tax
												



 Technology
												



 Telecommunications
												



 Texas
												



 Transportation
												



 Trials
												



 White Collar
												




No Thanks
Sign up now





Thank You!















Alpha Venture Partners | New York City Based Venture Fund




















Alpha Venture Partners



About

Team


Team


Venture Advisors




How We Invest


Investment Focus


For Limited Partners


For Venture Capitalists


For Entrepreneurs


Submit Opportunity



Portfolio
News
Contact
Home



 





Investor Login
 






Please type your User ID and Password








User ID



Password



Forgot Password?

 I want to change my password



 





 

 

 



Admin Login
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms


							© 2017 Alpha Venture Partners.  All rights reserved. 
							© 0.0.12.5311
						


 

 





ALPHAEON Receives Series A Investment

































   Your Source for Venture Capital and Private Equity Financings


   Massinvestor/VC News Daily      


  
                     















VC Directories
Mobile Apps
Celebrity VCs
VentureTrackr
Archive
About Us








 












 












 










ALPHAEON Receives Series A Investment



2015-01-16

Tweet
 


  
						    
                  
IRVINE, CA, ALPHAEON Corporation, a subsidiary of Strathspey Crown Holdings LLC, announced that it has completed a private placement of Series A Preferred Stock.
Click here for more funding data on ALPHAEON
                  To export ALPHAEON funding data to PDF and Excel, click here

ALPHAEON Corporation, a subsidiary of Strathspey Crown Holdings LLC, announced that it has completed a private placement of Series A Preferred Stock in a transaction led by Longitude Capital Management Co., LLC. Specific terms of the transaction were not disclosed.ALPHAEON Chief Executive Officer and Strathspey Crown Chairman, Robert Grant said, 'We are thrilled to have Longitude join us in our mission to transform and lead the future of lifestyle healthcare globally.  Longitude's expertise within the lifestyle and self-pay healthcare sectors makes them a great partner for the next level of our development and growth.'Longitude Capital Managing Director, Juliet Tammenoms Bakker said, 'We look forward to partnering with both ALPHAEON and its parent, Strathspey Crown Holdings, to grow and develop the company and to realize its ongoing vision and performance objectives. We are very proud to join the company as it enters its next stage of development and growth.'This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities, and shall not constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of that jurisdiction.About ALPHAEON CorporationALPHAEON Corporation is a lifestyle healthcare company committed to working with board-certified physicians to provide innovative products and services that promote patient wellness, beauty and performance. For more information, please visit www.alphaeon.com. About Strathspey CrownStrathspey Crown is a leading firm focused in lifestyle healthcare. Strathspey Crown uniquely partners with board certified physician specialists to bring to market innovative technologies and services in the self-pay sector. The firm is founded with physician investors across key medical specialties including: plastic surgery, ophthalmology, dermatology, orthopedics and cosmetic dentistry. For more information, please visit www.strathspeycrown.com.About Longitude Venture PartnersLongitude Capital is a private investment firm that focuses on venture growth investments in leading healthcare companies. Founded in 2006, Longitude has offices in Menlo Park, CA and Greenwich, CT. The firm builds balanced healthcare portfolios focused on creating value in special situations, including acquisitions, spin outs, PIPEs, and structured transactions, as well as traditional venture and growth equity. Longitude most recently raised $385 million for its second fund, Longitude Venture Partners II, L.P., in 2012. For more information, please visit www.longitudecapital.com.

(c)2011-2017 by Massinvestor, Inc.  For contact info, please check out our about page.

                     
                  >> Click here for in-depth research on 4,000 VC firms 































 












Massinvestor/VC News Daily617-620-4606© 2017 Massinvestor, Inc.


VC Directories
Mobile Apps
Celebrity VCs



VentureTrackr
Archive
Funded Companies


About Us














Home - Alpha Capital Partners












































Alpha Capital Partners

















Founded in 1984, Alpha Capital Partners is a Chicago-based private equity investment firm which provides equity financing for promising growth businesses and for buyouts or recapitalizations of established companies. The investment activity of Alpha Capital Partners is concentrated in the greater Midwest, however, Alpha will consider investments on nationwide basis. Currently, Alpha Capital Partners and affiliates manage over $135,000,000 in three venture capital partnerships and other equity accounts. With approximately $90 million of capital, Alpha Capital Partner’s latest limited partnership fund is actively investing at this time. A subsidiary of the most recent fund is federally licensed as a Small Business Investment Company (SBIC).
 
 





 
 










