

AltaVista Hotel & Hospitality Ventures Fund, LP - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











AltaVista Hotel & Hospitality Ventures Fund, LP
List of persons related to the company AltaVista Hotel & Hospitality Ventures Fund, LP. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of AltaVista Hotel & Hospitality Ventures Fund, LP.

CIK Number: 0001687717Company address: C/O ALTAVISTA CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC SUITE 8500 NEW YORK CITY 10007Phone number: 8005477118



People related to AltaVista Hotel & Hospitality Ventures Fund, LP
NamePositionStreetCityCountryRahimi  KooroshC/O: AltaVista Capital Markets, LLC One World Trade Center, Suite 8500New York CityNY




AltaVista Hotel & Hospitality Ventures Fund, LP on the Web
Related companiesAltaVista Agriculture Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Aviation & Aerospace Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Capital Markets, LLC, AltaVista Energy Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Entertainment & Media Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Fashion & Textiles Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Financial Services Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Food & Beverage Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Manufacturing Ventures Fund, LP, ALTAVISTA MEDICAL DEVICE & PHARMACEUTICALS VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA MINING & MINERAL RIGHTS VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA OIL & NATURAL GAS VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA REAL ESTATE VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA RESTAURANT & NIGHTCLUB VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA RETAIL & E-COMMERCE VENTURES FUND, LP












 











AltaVista Hotel & Hospitality Ventures Fund, LP - Investing- Rahimi  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









AltaVista Hotel & Hospitality Ventures Fund, LP

      Industry: Investing
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O: Altavista Capital Markets, Llc Suite 8500 
    New York City, NY, 10007Phone: 8005477118 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-18


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Koorosh Rahimi 
 Executive 














Nanocap & Microcap Markets







































AltaVista Food & Beverage Ventures Fund, LP - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











AltaVista Food & Beverage Ventures Fund, LP
List of persons related to the company AltaVista Food & Beverage Ventures Fund, LP. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of AltaVista Food & Beverage Ventures Fund, LP.

CIK Number: 0001687716Company address: C/O ALTAVISTA CAPITAL MARKETS, LLC SUITE 8500 NEW YORK CITY 10007Phone number: 8005477118



People related to AltaVista Food & Beverage Ventures Fund, LP
NamePositionStreetCityCountryRahimi  KooroshC/O: AltaVista Capital Markets, LLC One World Trade Center, Suite 8500New York CityNY




AltaVista Food & Beverage Ventures Fund, LP on the Web
Related companiesAltaVista Agriculture Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Aviation & Aerospace Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Capital Markets, LLC, AltaVista Energy Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Entertainment & Media Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Fashion & Textiles Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Financial Services Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Hotel & Hospitality Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Manufacturing Ventures Fund, LP, ALTAVISTA MEDICAL DEVICE & PHARMACEUTICALS VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA MINING & MINERAL RIGHTS VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA OIL & NATURAL GAS VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA REAL ESTATE VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA RESTAURANT & NIGHTCLUB VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA RETAIL & E-COMMERCE VENTURES FUND, LP












 








AltaVista Capital Markets, LLC - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











AltaVista Capital Markets, LLC  Funding details


AltaVista Capital Markets, LLC Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001665279Address: 4050 GLENCOE AVENUE  MARINA DEL REY 90292Phone number: 310-562-3486



AltaVista Capital Markets, LLC Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-05-27New Form D$50,000,000Yet To Sell$50,000,000$50,000006b[SEC Filing]



Directors and Executives of AltaVista Capital Markets, LLC
Key People in AltaVista Capital Markets, LLC:

Koorosh RahimiCindy BoerumChristopher LeSaffreSteven MuehlerGeoff Thompson
Similar companiesAltaVista Agriculture Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Aviation & Aerospace Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Energy Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Entertainment & Media Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Fashion & Textiles Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Financial Services Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Food & Beverage Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Hotel & Hospitality Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Manufacturing Ventures Fund, LP, ALTAVISTA MEDICAL DEVICE & PHARMACEUTICALS VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA MINING & MINERAL RIGHTS VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA OIL & NATURAL GAS VENTURES FUND, LP








Last visited companies: PRECEPT INTERNATIONAL FUND LTD, Verb8tm, Inc., Elian Fiduciary Services (Cayman) Ltd, PRECEPT FUND II LP, Candlewood Structured Credit Harvest Fund, LP

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















Altavista Wealth Management, Inc., BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Altavista Wealth Management, Inc.


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Altavista Wealth Management, Inc..










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | Filings (34)
CIK Number: 0001434981IRS Number: 510498914

Altavista Wealth Management, Inc. address4 VANDERBILT PARK DRIVE, SUITE 310ASHEVILLE 28803
Earliest known filing
May 2010
Latest known filing
May 2017




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
Altavista Wealth Management, Inc. has 34 filings. View Altavista Wealth Management, Inc. filings.
Similar companiesALTAVISTA INTERNET SOFTWARE INC, ALTAVISTA CO, ALTAVISTA MEMORIAL PARK SUBSIDIARY, INC., ALTAVISTA MEMORIAL PARK LLC, AltaVista Capital Markets, LLC, AltaVista Agriculture Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Aviation & Aerospace Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Energy Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Entertainment & Media Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Fashion & Textiles Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Financial Services Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Food & Beverage Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Hotel & Hospitality Ventures Fund, LP, AltaVista Manufacturing Ventures Fund, LP, ALTAVISTA MEDICAL DEVICE & PHARMACEUTICALS VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA MINING & MINERAL RIGHTS VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA OIL & NATURAL GAS VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA REAL ESTATE VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA RESTAURANT & NIGHTCLUB VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA RETAIL & E-COMMERCE VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA TECHNOLOGY VENTURES FUND, LP, ALTAVISTA TRANSPORTATION VENTURES FUND, LP














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about Altavista Wealth Management, Inc.. 










Funds - Starwood Capital


















Funds - Starwood Capital











































The Atlantic, AtlantaOwned by Starwood Opportunity Fund VIII and Corus Co-Invest








Facts At A Glance




Number ofOpportunisticReal Estate FundsLaunched





Size of Firm'sLargest Fund(SOF X)










UPB Value ofNon-PerformingLoans AcquiredVia Last Three Funds





Capital RaisedFor Firm'sInaugural Fundsin 1991









Walker Tower, New YorkOwned by Starwood Opportunity Fund VIII





Helsfyr Atrium, OsloOwned by Starwood Global Opportunity Fund X





Perimeter One, Raleigh, NCOwned by Starwood Global Opportunity Fund X





Mammoth Mountain Ski Resort, Mammoth Lakes, CAOwned by Starwood Opportunity Fund VII












						Funds					


Opportunistic


Hotel


Debt










Our funds generally take an opportunistic approach to global real estate investing. While operating amid widely disparate economic environments over the past 25 years, our funds have shared a focus on acquiring assets with strong potential fundamentals at a significant discount to replacement cost.




Opportunistic
STARWOOD GLOBAL OPPORTUNITY FUND X (SOF X)
Starwood Capital closed its 10th global opportunistic real estate fund in March 2015, with capital commitments from more than 100 investors globally totaling $5.6 billion—the Firm’s largest fund to date. SOF X continues the successful approach of its predecessor funds, with a focus on acquiring, developing and repositioning high-quality assets in nearly every major real estate asset class with strong fundamentals. At the same time, the Fund seeks investments that can generate consistent and growing cash-on-cash returns either sourced directly, in partnerships, or joint ventures. The major change with SOF X’s investment strategy is an increased focus on Europe, as we expect a growing number of opportunities to emerge from the region. Leveraging its robust pipeline, Starwood Capital through SOF X is well-positioned to invest opportunistically in compelling properties around the world, while continuing to be patient and thus avoid rushing to compete for overpriced transactions.
Starwood Distressed Opportunity Fund IX (SOF IX)
Starwood Capital closed its ninth global opportunistic real estate fund in April 2013, with $4.2 billion of total capital commitments from more than 100 investors around the world. The portfolio is diversified by both geography and product type, and has been constructed to focus on strong cash returns during the investment period. SOF IX has continued the successful strategy of predecessor fund SOF VIII, but with an increased focus on Europe. The Fund’s primary investment themes are centered on distressed debt (loan-to-own), value-add income assets (inflation hedge), corporate transactions and land/development opportunities.
Starwood Global Opportunity Fund VIII (SOF VIII)
Starwood Capital closed its eighth global opportunistic real estate fund in March 2010, with total equity commitments of $1.83 billion. Due to global uncertainty and volatility during our investment period, we focused on “margin of safety.” One clear measure of this approach is overall leverage that is extremely low for any type of fund, but especially for a real estate opportunity fund. We also sought investments that provided downside protection, asymmetric risk/reward profiles and hedges against inflation. The Fund pursued five major investment themes: land/residential, value-add income assets, distressed debt, corporate transactions and global hospitality. Our transaction sourcing is a key advantage for the Firm—and the vast majority of SOF VIII was sourced off-market in noncompetitive, privately negotiated transactions or through the bankruptcy process.
Starwood Global Opportunity Fund VII (SOF VII)
Starwood Capital closed its seventh global opportunistic fund in December 2005, with total equity commitments of $1.48 billion. SOF VII sought to construct a diversified portfolio by investing in undervalued real estate and real estate-related assets and operating companies globally across all property types, including hotel and leisure, multifamily and residential, office, senior housing and mixed-use developments. In numerous cases, we pursued a strategy that leveraged our best-in-class asset management team to invest capital and create incremental value within the properties.
Starwood Global Opportunity Fund VI (SOF VI)
Starwood Capital closed its sixth global opportunistic fund in February 2002, with total equity commitments of $567 million. SOF VI targeted both corporate opportunities and a variety of niche strategies. The Firm utilized its strong joint-venture platforms to expand its international investments in France, the U.K. and Germany, and to grow its senior housing and residential land investments in the U.S. We also combined the discipline of fundamental real estate investing with our knowledge of operating businesses to pursue compelling investments in the hotel and golf sectors.
Starwood Global Opportunity Fund V (SOF V)
Starwood Capital closed its fifth global opportunistic fund in April 1999, with total equity commitments of $516 million. We pursued a diversified strategy with an emphasis on the residential and retail markets, and constructed and/or redeveloped condominium projects in major cities. We also formed a series of joint ventures to acquire and redevelop retail properties. SOF V also featured the Firm’s first investment in the senior housing sector. A major initiative was the formation of investment platforms in Asia and Europe. With these efforts, Starwood Capital established a global presence that continues to expand to this day.
Starwood Opportunity Fund IV (SOF IV)
Starwood Capital closed its fourth global opportunistic fund in February 1997, with total equity commitments of $830 million. Our goal with the Fund was to combine Starwood Capital’s successful equity investment strategies with its expertise in high-yielding mezzanine investments. The result was a balanced portfolio with investments across mezzanine debt, hotel debt, mixed-use complexes, residential land development, retail and leisure-related assets. In March 1998, the Firm contributed SOF IV’s debt investments, combined with those of Starwood Mezzanine, to form iStar Financial, Inc., providing investors with increased liquidity in one of the nation’s leading commercial real estate finance companies.
Starwood Opportunity Fund II (SOF II)
Starwood Capital closed its second fund in November 1993, with $102 million of equity commitments. Utilizing its growing local partner network, the Firm sought to capitalize on opportunities resulting from distressed sellers, over-leveraged or mismanaged assets and the shortage of entrepreneurial capital in the market. The diversified portfolio consisted of hotel, office, land and multifamily assets across the United States. All of these investments were purchased at substantial discounts to replacement cost.
Starwood Opportunity Funds I and IA (SOF I)
Starwood Capital created its first opportunity funds in February 1991 and March 1993, respectively, with $52 million of equity commitments, to take advantage of capital dislocations in the real estate markets. After extensive bottom-up research, the Firm focused on acquiring multifamily units in domestic markets with improving fundamentals and limited competition. Starwood Capital purchased approximately 6,400 multifamily properties through an aggressive acquisition program that included equity and distressed debt from the Resolution Trust Corp., FDIC, savings & loan associations, over-leveraged partnerships and tax-exempt bondholders. Just 18 months after their organization, the Funds contributed the majority of their multifamily portfolio to an operating partnership controlled by Equity Residential Properties Trust (NYSE: EQR), a newly formed real estate investment trust, in exchange for operating partnership units convertible to shares of EQR stock. EQR went on to become the largest publicly traded apartment owner in the country. This transaction marked the first of numerous leading real estate platforms or companies that Starwood Capital would help create throughout its history.


Hotel
Starwood Capital Global Hospitality Fund II (Hotel II)
Starwood Capital closed its second dedicated hospitality fund in March 2010, with total equity commitments of $965 million. Utilizing low leverage, Hotel II focused on four core investment themes: superior cash flow-generating assets, major rebranding/repositioning opportunities, iconic assets and development/redevelopment opportunities in New York City, one of the nation’s strongest hotel markets. Nearly 90% of investments were sourced in noncompetitive, privately negotiated transactions or through the bankruptcy process—and most were purchased at prices significantly below replacement cost.
Starwood Capital Global Hospitality Fund I (Hotel I)
Following Barry Sternlicht’s departure from Starwood Hotels & Resorts, Starwood Capital raised its first dedicated hospitality fund in November 2005, with total equity commitments of $900 million. Through Hotel I, Starwood Capital continued its acquisition program in the hotel and leisure sector, with investments in luxury and budget hotels, extended-stay hotels, resorts, restaurants, leisure/entertainment properties, and island and hotel development opportunities.


Debt
Starwood Debt Fund II (Debt II)
Starwood Capital closed its second debt fund in January 2009, with total equity commitments of $378 million. Operating amid an exceedingly challenging recessionary environment, Debt II sought to capitalize on dislocations in the U.S. and global credit markets. The Fund focused on a full range of performing debt investments, including first mortgages, junior notes, commercial mortgage-backed securities, corporate bonds and mezzanine debt.
Starwood Mezzanine Investors (Starwood Mezzanine)
Convinced that equity pricing of real estate markets was reaching full value, we were one of the first equity investment firms to shift into the mezzanine market. We closed our third fund in November 1994, with total equity commitments of $220 million. The goal of the Fund was to create a portfolio of high-yielding mezzanine investments with significant current cash flow and positions in the capital structure that were at substantial discounts to replacement cost. Starwood Mezzanine invested across a range of multifamily, hotel, resort, office and land development assets. As a result, Starwood Capital attained a leading position in the developing mezzanine market by combining the Firm’s underwriting strength with its ability to creatively structure custom-tailored financing.












 





HNN - Update: Hotel Acquisition Funds List








































We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site. Read our Privacy and Cookies policies to find out more. Close









Log In




SIGN UP!





































News

Opinions

Data Dashboard

Advertise

The Value of Sustainability










 


 


Login

SIGN UP!








 













Log In
Sign up

News
Opinions
Data Dashboard
Advertise
The Value of Sustainability
STR Data Presentations
Newsletters

5 Things to Know
Academic Research
Alt. Accommodations
Brands
Design
Development
Distribution
Earnings Recaps
F&B
Forecasts
Financing
How To
Human Resources
Independent Insights
Independents
Infographics
Legal
Lists
Management
Market Reports
Mobile
News Release
Operations
Ownership
OTAs
Profiles
Renovations
Research
Revenue Management
Running the Show
Sales & Marketing
Social Media
Special Reports
Sponsor News
Sustainability
Technology
Tech Impact Report
Transactions
Videos

Americas
Asia/Pacific
Europe
Middle East/Africa

About Us
Terms of Use
Events











Update: Hotel Acquisition Funds List


















Ownership



 


                    Update: Hotel Acquisition Funds List
                


                    02 DECEMBER 2013
                    10:30 AM
                



	Updated funds include: Arden Real Estate Partners 2; Occasio Growth Fund l and more. (Free registration/login required.)








By  the  HNN editorial staff







To help establish a ballpark figure for the number of financial funds with dedicated capital to acquire hotels, Hotel News Now has started compiling the Hotel News Now Hotel Acquisition Funds List. Please bookmark this page and return often for updates. The latest update was completed 2 December 2013. 

We’ve confirmed as many as possible, and we know this list is incomplete. We’re hoping our readers can help fill in the blanks. If you know of funds missing from this list, please drop Finance Editor Shawn A. Turner a line at shawn@hotelnewsnow.com with some of the details. We’ll keep your tip anonymous, and we’ll do everything we can to confirm the funds with the sponsoring fund and/or company. Highlighted funds are recent additions to the list.





Company



Name of fund



Equity size



Target



Contact




Acorn Fund Management

African Hospitality Growth Fund

 $57 million

hotels built in South Africa by Hyatt

acornfundmanagement.co.uk



Aimbridge Hospitality

The Argonaut Fund

$100 million

full-service hotels

aimbridgehospitality.com



Apollo Global Management

Apollo Global Fund

$400 million

to purchase, renovateand reflag full-service hotels across the U.S.

				 



Apple REIT Companies

Apple REIT Nine

$2 billion

Upscale extended-stay, upscale select-service, full service hotels

applereitcompanies.com



Arden Group

Arden Real Estate Fund I

$125 million

US-based hotels

ardengroup.com/



Arden Group

Arden Real Estate Partners 2

$250 million

To acquire office properties and hotels that are mismanaged, undercapitalized or in need of renovation.

http://www.ardengroup.com/ 



Argosy Real Estate

Argosy Real Estate Partners II, LP

$100 million to $200 million

Premium-branded select service and extended stay hotels throughout the United States.

argosyrealestate.com



Avington Financial

The Avingstone Fund

$366million

European hotel recovery opportunities

avfin.co.uk/



Banyan Tree Holdings Limited

Banyan Tree China Hospitality Fund

$214 million

Onshore companies primarily making investments in China

banyantreeholdings.com/mainindex.php



Barcelona Hotel Group, Dow Hotel Company

Barcelona REIT One

$450 million

first-class, full-service hotels

dowhotelco.com



BayNorth Capital

BayNorth Realty Fund VII

$473 million

The fund generally focuses on properties in distress or are in need of repositioning.

www.baynorthcapital.com



Blackmore Capital

Blackmore Capital Branded Opportunities Fund

				 

Focuses on brands such as Hilton, Holiday Inn, InterContinental and Crowne Plaza

blackmorecapital.co.uk/index.php




Blackstone Group


Blackstone Real Estate Partners VI

$10.9 billion

hotels, global

blackstone.com



Blumberg Capital Partners

Blumberg Capital Partners Strategic Asset Fund

$1 billion

mixed-use, office buildings,


blumbergcapitalpartners.com




Brightside Acquisitions Group

Brightside's Global Fund

$700 million

unfinished or distressed hotels; highly motivated sellers; REIT-quality Luxury, Upper Upscale, Upscale, Midscale with F&B, Midscale w/o F&B

danielldevelopment
				.com



Caerus Hospitality Partners

Caerus Hospitality Partners I

$40 million

premium budget economy hotels

caerushospitality.com



Carlyle Group

Carlyle Asia Partners lll

$2.55 billion

leveraged buyout transactions in Asia in targeted industries.

http://www.carlyle.com/content/carlyle-asia-partners-iii



Canyon Capital Realty Advisors

Canyon Johnson Urban Funds III

$1 billion

urban investment, including hotels

canyonpartners.com



Capri Capital Partners

Capri Select Income II

$312.5 million

high-yield commercial real estate and real-estate related assets

capricapital.com



Caribbean Property Group

Caribbeam Real Estate Opportunity Fund 2005 LP

$472 million

Focus on income-producing properties in the Caribbean and Central America. 

www.cpgroup-pr.com



The Chatterjee Group Real Estate

Special Situations Fund

Rs 1,0600,000,000-crore ($195 million)

To invest in hotels and real estate sectors.

				 




Columbia Pacific Advisors


Columbia Pacific Opportunity Fund

$200 million

diversified

 



Concord Hospitality Enterprises

Private Equity Fund 

$300 million

distressed hotels and debt

concordhotels.com/



Cornerstone Real Estate Advisors

Cornerstone Hotel Income & Equity Fund II

$446 million

full-service hotels, resorts, conference hotels

cornerstoneadvisers
				.com/



DLJ Real Estate Capital Partners

DLJ Real Estate Capital Partners IV

$200 million

repositionings, distressed debt, development

 



Driftwood Hospitality Management

				 

$400 million

Focus on acquiring and repositioning hotels across the U.S.

www.driftwoodhospitality.com



Elena Baturina

Fund controlled by Elena Baturina

€200 million ($260.3 million)

To buy up to five hotels in the Irish market as part of plans to develop 14 4-star properties in Europe by 2015.

				 



Equity Group Investments LLC

Zell Credit Opportunities Fund LP

$625 million

distressed securities backed by assets

 



Ethika Investments, LLC

Ethika's Diversified Opportunity Real Estate Fund

				 

				 


www.ethikainvestments.com





Fairwood Capital LLC


Fairwood Capital LLC

$150 million

acquire full-service hotels and premium branded select-service.

 



The Fundo Soberano de Angola (Angola wealth fund)

Hotel Fund for Africa

$5 billion

Quality hotels on the continent of Africa.

				 



Geolo Capital

 

$150 million

Distressed hospitality assets in 3.5-, 4-star category

geolo.com



Goldman Sachs Group

Goldman Real Estate Fund

				 

upscaled and midscale hotels including Fairfield Inns, Residence Inns and Comfort Inns

www.gs.com



Greenfield Partners

Greenfield Acquisition Partners V

$1 billion

hotels

greenfieldpartners.com



GreenOak

GreenOak U.S. Fund II

$10 million-$50 million/investment

Value-add properties in U.S. coastal gateway markets

www.greenoakrealestate.com



HEI Hotels & Resorts

HEI Hospitality Fund III, L.P

$515.4 million

full-service, upper-upscale and luxury hotels, resorts and premium select-service hotels in the U.S., Canada and the Caribbean

heihotels.com/



Horizon Midway Group

Horizon Hotel Fund l

$250 million

three to four star full-service hotels and boutique hotels

				 



Hostmark Hospitality Group

Shamrock-Hostmark Hotel Fund LP

 

full-service and limited-service hotels in urban areas, under-performing hotels in stable markets

hostmark.com



The Hotel Group

Hotel Group Opportunity Fund IV

$110 million

full-service hotels

thehotelgroup.com



Integrated Capital

IC Hospitality Fund I

$105 million

Full-service, select-service, extended-stay hotels

intcapllc.com/



Integrated Capital

IC Hospitality Fund II

$200 million

Full-service, select-service and extended-stay hotels

www.intcapllc.com



Invesco Real Estate

				 

€400 million ($527. 3 million)

Branded, mid-market hotels in the capital and secondary cities of each European country

http://www.invesco.com/portal/site/global/AboutUs/ 



Lodging Dynamics Hospitality Group

LD Hotel Group I

$60 million

Converting hotels to premium brands

www.lodgingdynamics.com



Nippon Hotel Fund Investment Corporation/ Japan Hotel & Resort

Japan Hotel & Resort and Nippon Hotel Fund

$224 million

to expand asset size of city hotels, resort hotels and business hotels in Asia regions including Singapore, China/Hong Kong, Thailand and Korea

				 



KABR Group/Capstone Realty

KABR Capstone Distressed Debt Fund

$50 million

Distressed mortgages, mostly hotels

 



Kimpton

Kimpton Hospitality Partners

$246 million

Acquire, develop and re-develop boutique hotels.

www.kimptonhotels.com



Lowe Enterprises Investors

Lowe Hospitality Investment Partners II

$300 million

150 to 600+ room full-service properties

loweenterprises.com/



Macfarlan Capital Partners

Macfarlan Special Situations Fund I

$300 million target

distressed properties, high-end hotels

macfarlan.com/



Magna Hospitality

Magna Hotel Fund III

$75 million

hotels

magnahospitality.com



Miller Global Properties

Miller Global Fund VI

 

high-quality hotel development, acquisition

millerglobal.com/



Montezemolo & Partners SGR; The Indian Hotels Company Limited

Charme ll fund

€350 million ($455 million)

				 

				 



Morgans Hotel Group

Yucaipa American Alliance Fund II

 

hotel real estate in North America

morganshotelgroup.com



NextBridge Group

 

$100 million

repositionings, distressed debt, development (unfinished/motivated seller)

nextbridgegroup.com



Noble Hospitality

Noble Hospitality Fund III

$310 million

hotel acquisition, development, redevelopment

nobleinvestment.com



Occasio Funds

Occasio Growth Fund l

Between $25 million and $100 million

To invest in U.S.-based premier luxury vacation properties located in top-tier destinations.

http://occasiofunds.com/funds



Odyssey Fund Management

Odyssey European Hotel Fund

$488 million

3- and 4-star hotels in major and larger cities in Western Europe

odysseyre.nl/



Oman Investment Fund

				 

				 

To invest in long-and-medium term projects within and outside Oman. 

www.oif.com   



Pebblebrook Hotel Trust

 

$350 million

properties in major U.S. cities

 



Perseus Capital Partners

Perseus Capital Partners

$166 million

Special situation - hotels and debt, undervalued, illiquid and complex assets (public and private securities)

www.perseuscp.com



Pyramid Hotels & Resorts

 

$275 million

luxury and upper-upscale hotels

 



RLJ Development LLC

RLJ Real Estate Fund III

$1.2 billion

acquire/develop upscale, focused-service hotels

rljhotels.com/



RockBridge

RockBridge Hospitality Fund Vl

$350 million

hotels with total transaction capitalization between US$10 million and US$50 million

rockbridgecapital.com



Rockwood Capital

Rockwood Capital Real Estate Partners Fund VIII

$964 million

hotels in the United States

rockwoodcap.com/



Shaner Hotel Group; Almanac Realty Investors

				 

$100 million

The fund will target small to midsize hotel companies with financing ranging between $3 million and $30 million for both individual properties and portfolios.

http://www.shanercorp.com/ 



Sonnenblick Industries LLC

Sonnenblick Resort Land Fund

$110 million

beachfront development land for Resort hotels

www.SonnDev.com



Stockbridge Capital Partners

Stockbridge Real Estate Fund III

$2-$3 billion

hotels in high-barrier to entry markets, other real estate

 



Tamesis Capital Limited

Tamesis Fund

£100 million ($149.6 million)

The purchase of existing hotels within the U.K. real estate market.

tamesiscapital.com 



Thayer Hotel Investors

Thayer Hotel Investors Vl LP

$300 million

Full-service hotels in the United States’ top 25 markets.

				 



Thor Equities

Thor Urban Property Funds

				 

Hotel, retail, office, residential

www.thorequities.com 



Torchlight Investors

Torchlight Debt Opportunity Fund IV

$1 billion

provide debt financing for various real estate sectors including multi-family, office and hotels.

http://www.torchlightinvestors.com/



Union Investment

UII Hotel Nr. 1

€250 million ($337 million)

Will focus on budget and midscale hotel real estate with an above-average location and operator concept.

www.union-investment.com/realestate



Viveris REIM

				 

				 

To study possible hotel investments.

http://www.viveris-reim.com/



Waldeck Capital

Global Hospitality Recovery Fund

Up to $1 billion

luxury hotels

waldeckcapital.com



Waramaug Hospitality LLC

				 

$150 million

U.S. select-service hotels

				 



Yotel, IFA Hotels & Resorts, Kuwait Real Estate Company and The John Buck Company

				 

$250 million

Expanding the Yotel brand with existing development sites and/or condominium interests in mixed-used development projects, non-hotel buildings that can be converted to Yotel hotels, and existing hotels that could be converted to Yotel hotels.

www.yotel.com




View the Hotel Acquisition Funds List in an Excel file.

View a list of closed funds in an Excel file.

















    6 Comments








Jerbethaqui



September 22, 2013 7:56 AM


I am a Broker in Tennessee seeking finance for local hotels.  I am trying understand what you are saying.  Are you seeking fund for investors looking for monies to qualify for purchasing Hotels?.  Please help me to comprehend what your site is about.  










Muammer erdem



October 1, 2016 3:24 AM


Hello
I am looking  a fund for buy an hotel 
İn germany
I will be happy If you help me for the cases.
Abone
Dr eng M erdem










T



October 1, 2016 2:58 PM


Dear Sir 
I want to buy hotel in germany
Can you  find any fund for that vade
Thanks
M.erdem










Ahsgdfloqifg



November 8, 2016 9:55 AM


Pgksrjgiohi  hw hweokfjeq ojfe jfweiogwo gwoj wijf gdhgtrj575 y6u75tyhgf 5yu5regr










Iopafeopt



November 11, 2016 3:27 AM


Ugireojfe whfiwehfjwehwhfjehfwefhweh 777uiop fweh iwehf weiohf wieohf iwehf iweyu59tu328hfire iuwfodhqw934785 h3urh9wjfwgut h9wh9889wh98r h4wt93qrj29th2 rj2ghw9tfq.










Xewrtyuoipye



November 12, 2016 2:12 AM


Xighefjeo orj wokwp dkow pwk wodj d hfdgfhgf 4756 5uhtyjur urt45





 







Log In or enter name





Comment



Comments that include blatant advertisements or links to products or company websites will be removed to avoid instances of spam.
        Also, comments that include profanity, lewdness, personal attacks, solicitations or advertising, or other similarly inappropriate or offensive comments or
        material will be removed from the site. You are fully responsible for the content you post. The opinions expressed in comments do not necessarily reflect
        the opinions of Hotel News Now or its parent company, STR and its affiliated companies. Please report any violations
        to our editorial staff.














POST































































EVENTS
 




9
AUGUST

 


                HOTEL DATA CONFERENCE
            

 



Omni Nashville Hotel
Nashville, Tennessee






VIEW ALL  






HNN STAPLES
 

  Hotel Acquisition Funds List
  Hotel Industry Terms to Know
  STR chain scales PDF
  Hotel Stock Index
  Events



PRESENTATIONS
 





  
                Kolter Hospitality Annual Sales Summit
            



  
                ALIS Summer Update
            



  
                FICP Education Event
            



  
                Southern Innkeepers Association
            





VIEW ALL  






INFOGRAPHICS
 



The link between Google searches and hotel demand



Infographic: 5 things to know about US May performance



Infographic: Older consumers adopting tech





VIEW ALL  


























































HVMG | Hotel Management Company | Hospitality Ventures Management Group













Skip to main content











AboutCompany Overview
Our Brand
History
Helping Hands
Our Portfolio

Leadership
ServicesThird-Party Management
Acquisitions
New Development
Revenue Management
eCommerce
Brand Consulting
Project Management & Procurement
Property & Market Performance Assessment
Serendipity Labs

ResultsCase Studies
Awards & Recognition
Service Excellence Stories

CareersCareers at HVMG
Who Are We?
Our Excellent Associates
Current Opportunities

NewsPress Releases
Corporate Newsletter
HVMG & Industry News
Venture Out – a Hotel Travel Blog

Contact
 




hospitality ventures management group




Search form

Search 





 






















 
 







HVMG delivers proven and dynamic management expertise for the hospitality industry. Our formula for success is grounded in a results-oriented, enterprising and experienced management team and supported by a fully integrated operating platform.







portfolio








  
DoubleTree by Hilton -    
           Deerfield Beach,     
          FL
...   
  
Hotel Indigo -    
           Atlanta,     
          GA
Located in the heart of Downtown Atlanta next to AmericasMart, our elegant Peachtree Center hotel combines contemporary...   
  
Borrego Springs Resort -    
           Borrego Springs,     
          CA
This true tranquil oasis is tucked away in the Anza Borrego Desert at the foot of the Santa-Rosa Mountains. Our 100 guest...   
  
Hilton -    
           Houston,     
          TX
Whether traveling to Houston for business or leisure, Hilton Houston Southwest in the perfect location to enjoy genuine...   
View Entire Portfolio
 
 





Spotlight



  
HVMG On Track for Record Year
Has Completed a strategic expansion of its Traditional Business Model


HVMG To Develop Landmark First Hotel in Atlanta's Old Fourth Ward
Partnership with Smart Hotels & Beltway Investment International


HVMG To Manage New 180 Room Hotel Indigo in Denver
Hotel is being co-developed by Portman Holdings

 
View All News
 













	OWNERS











	INVESTORS











	WHAT SETS US APART









































 
©2017 Hospitality Ventures Management Group. All rights reserved. Legal








Portfolio




Click the links below to explore our property portfolio

INTERACTIVE MAP

PROPERTY VIEW





 





 





Interstate Hotels & Resorts Agrees to be Acquired by Joint Venture Between Thayer Lodging Group and Jin Jiang Hotels








































menuclose









Industry Update




Press Release18 December 2009Interstate Hotels & Resorts Agrees to be Acquired by Joint Venture Between Thayer Lodging Group and Jin Jiang Hotels

ARLINGTON, Va. – Interstate Hotels & Resorts (NYSE: IHR), a leading hotel real estate investor and the nation’s largest independent hotel management company, today announced that it has signed a definitive merger agreement to be acquired by Hotel Acquisition Company, LLC, a 50/50 joint venture between subsidiaries of Thayer Hotel Investors V-A LP, a private equity fund sponsored by Thayer Lodging Group, and Shanghai Jin Jiang International Hotels (Group) Company Limited (“Jin Jiang Hotels”) in a transaction valued at approximately $307 million. Under the agreement, Hotel Acquisition Company, LLC would acquire all of the outstanding common stock and operating partnership units of Interstate for $2.25 per share in an all cash transaction. The price represents a premium of 77 percent over yesterday’s closing stock price. Interstate’s lenders have approved the transaction subject to certain pay downs at closing on its senior credit facility and on one of its non-recourse mortgage loans. The transaction is not contingent upon obtaining any additional financing.

Annapolis, Md.-based Thayer Lodging Group is a privately held real estate investment company focused on hospitality assets; Shanghai, China based Jin Jiang Hotels is a subsidiary of Jin Jiang International Holdings Company Limited, and is China’s largest hotel group.

Interstate’s board of directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement and has recommended approval of the transaction by Interstate’s stockholders.
Stockholders will be asked to vote on the proposed transaction at a special meeting that will be held on a date to be announced. The merger is expected to close in the first quarter of 2010, pending stockholder approval and satisfaction or waiver of other customary closing conditions.
“Our priority, as always, is to maximize shareholder value,” said Thomas F. Hewitt, Interstate’s chairman and chief executive officer. “This is a very compelling offer at a significant premium. The hotel industry remains in deep recession, and we believe this transaction offers the highest and best value to our shareholders.”
“Interstate offers a unique platform with in-depth industry expertise, international operations, and scope of experience gained over 50 years, along with a stellar reputation as a first-rate operator,” said Leland C. Pillsbury, chief executive officer and co-chairman, Thayer Lodging Group. Frederic V. Malek, Thayer’s co-chairman added, “We look forward to working with Interstate’s management team and associates, their owners and partners as we build on the company’s impressive legacy of success.”
“Interstate has a global reputation as a world-class, independent hotel operator. This acquisition significantly accelerates our ability to expand internationally, giving us immediate access to a worldwide platform. We also expect to mutually benefit from our global relationships in the hospitality industry, making both Jin Jiang and Interstate stronger.” said Mr. Yu Minliang, Jin Jiang Hotels’ Chairman.
Barclays Capital served as financial advisor to Interstate, BofA Merrill Lynch served as financial advisor to Thayer, and UBS Investment Bank served as financial advisor to Jin Jiang Hotels. Paul Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP served as legal advisor for Interstate. Hogan & Hartson LLP served as Thayer’s legal advisor and Baker & McKenzie LLP served as Jin Jiang Hotels’ legal advisor.
About Thayer Lodging Group
Thayer Lodging Group is a sponsor of real estate investment funds with a track record in the top 5% of all fund sponsors for the past 19 years. Its clients include a select group of large, international institutional investors, the majority of which have been investors with Thayer for most of its 19-year history. The company is a value-add investor that works with major lodging brands to acquire and reposition hotels. Thayer sold $1.7 billion of hotels and resorts, which represented 85% of its real estate portfolio in 2006-2007, and retained a small group of 15 properties, which have been recently renovated and repositioned. It recently announced the closing of its fifth investment fund, Thayer Hotel Investors V LP, and its parallel fund, V-A LP, together totaling $280 million. Additionally, Thayer Lodging Group recently placed another $100 million under management in a separate vehicle. More information about the company can be found on its website: .
About Jin Jiang Hotels
Shanghai Jin Jiang International Hotels (Group) Company Limited is one of the leading hotel operators and managers in China. The Group is licensed to use the well-regarded “Jin Jiang” and “Jin Jiang Inn” brands. As of 30 June 2009, the Group operated and was developing 493 hotels including star-rated hotels and Jin Jiang Inn budget hotels, providing close to 82,700 rooms in aggregate. With a solid home base in Shanghai and Beijing, the Group has also successfully spanned its hotel network across 124 cities and towns in 31 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities throughout the PRC. In June 2009, the Group was ranked the 13th in the world in terms of number of rooms according to HOTELS Magazine, the official publication of the International Hotel & Restaurant Association. For information about Jin Jiang Hotels, visit the company’s website: .
About Interstate Hotels & Resorts
Interstate Hotels & Resorts, Inc. and its affiliates manages and/or has ownership interests in a total of 232 hospitality properties with more than 46,000 rooms in 37 states, the District of Columbia, Russia, India, Mexico, Belgium, Canada, Ireland and England. The company has ownership interests in 56 of those properties, including six wholly owned assets. Interstate Hotels & Resorts also has contracts to manage 13 to be built hospitality properties with approximately 3,000 rooms which includes the company’s entry into new markets such as Costa Rica. For more information about Interstate Hotels & Resorts, visit the company’s Web site: .
This press release contains “forward-looking statements,” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, about Interstate Hotels & Resorts, including those statements regarding future operating results and the timing and composition of revenues, among others, and statements containing words such as “expects,” “believes” or “will,” which indicate that those statements are forward-looking. Except for historical information, the matters discussed in this press release are forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially, including the volatility of the national economy, economic conditions generally and the hotel and real estate markets specifically, the war in Iraq, international and geopolitical difficulties or health concerns, governmental actions, legislative and regulatory changes, the company’s ability to maximize available federal tax deductions and utilize net tax attributes in future periods, availability of debt and equity capital, interest rates, competition, weather conditions or natural disasters, supply and demand for lodging facilities in our current and proposed market areas, the company’s ability to manage integration and growth, failure to obtain approval of the transaction from Interstate stockholders and disruption from the transaction making it more difficult to maintain relationships with owners, employees and suppliers. Additional risks are discussed in Interstate Hotels & Resorts’ filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Interstate Hotels & Resorts’ annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008.
  In connection with the proposed transaction, Interstate intends to file a proxy statement with the SEC. INVESTORS AND SECURITY HOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT WHEN IT BECOMES AVAILABLE AND ANY OTHER RELEVANT DOCUMENTS TO BE FILED WITH THE SEC IN CONNECTION WITH THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT INTERSTATE, THE PROPOSED TRANSACTION AND RELATED MATTERS. The final proxy statement will be mailed to Interstate shareholders.
Investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of these documents when they become available through the website maintained by the SEC at . In addition, the documents filed with the SEC may be obtained free of charge by directing such requests to Christopher L. Bennett, Secretary, at Interstate Hotels & Resorts, Inc., 4501 N. Fairfax Drive, Arlington, Virginia 22203, or by visiting our website, where Interstate makes available filings with the SEC as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with the SEC.
Interstate Hotels & Resorts, Inc. and its directors, executive officers and certain other members of Interstate management may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from Interstate shareholders with respect to the proposed transaction. Information regarding the interests of these officers and directors in the proposed transaction will be included in the proxy statement to be filed with the SEC. In addition, information about Interstate’s directors, executive officers and members of management is contained in Interstate’s most recent proxy statement and annual report on Form 10-K, which are available on Interstate’s website and at .
ContactJerry DalyPhone: +1 703 435-6293Send Email



More from Interstate 





Most Read


Today
Last 7 days
Last 30 days
































More






Newsletter

Subscribe to our daily newsletter


Submit your NewsAdvertising









