


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Capital Opportunity Fund (PRCOX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Capital Opportunity Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRCOX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/24/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$25.64
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.01
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/24/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								13.75%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$22.54
							
							-
							
								$25.67
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$551.98

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Capital Opportunity Fund among 
1222,
1222,
1081
and 
798
Large Blend
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks to provide long-term capital growth by investing primarily in U.S. common stocks.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					19.46%
				
			

				
					19.46%
				
			


3 Years

				
					9.90%
				
			

				
					9.90%
				
			


5 Years

				
					14.71%
				
			

				
					14.71%
				
			


10 Years

				
					7.27%
				
			

				
					7.27%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 8.73%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							8.73%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							November 30, 1994
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.70%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.70%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Mon Jul 24 23:02:53 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Alvarez & Marsal Capital Opportunities
















 INVESTOR LOGIN



 


Home
Our Team
Our Investment Approach

Our Strategy
 Flexible Capital
Investment Criteria
 Operational Focus



Portfolio
Contact Us
 














LEADERS AND CHANGE AGENTS
Operational resources specifically tailored to the needs of each 
portfolio company.


OPERATIONAL HERITAGE
Access to Alvarez & Marsal’s market leading operational
expertise and industry insight.


PROFESSIONALISM AND INTEGRITY
Strong culture of respect for our business partners, management
teams and stakeholders.


flexible capital solutions
Tailored capital solutions to meet specific needs of owners, 
entrepreneurs, founders and managers.


PARTNERS FOR GROWTH
Solutions for companies and management teams looking to grow
organically or through acquisitions.














OUR STRATEGY 
We principally invest in growth-oriented businesses alongside entrepreneurs / management teams who desire a partner that brings more than just capital.
  
  
Read More ›



flexible capital

We strive to meet the specific needs and desires of the business owners by creating a solution that best meets their financial and non-financial goals.
    Read More ›



operational focus

We leverage the deep expertise and resources of our partners to develop operational processes, efficiency and scale for our portfolio companies.
   Read More ›



investment criteria

We target equity investments of $15 million to $45 million with the ability to invest more if needed. We target companies with enterprise values of $25 million to $150 million.
   Read More ›






Home |  Our Team  |   Our Investment Approach  |   Contact Us



The information on this website is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any interest in any A&M Capital sponsored investment fund, vehicle or product. 
© Copyright 2012 A&M Capital Advisors, LLC. All rights reserved

Website Design by Pulse-Creative









A&M CAPITAL PARTNERS























 
Alvarez & Marsal Capital is a separately capitalized organization offering private, alternative asset investments that is closely associated with the consulting firm Alvarez & Marsal Holdings, LLC (“A&M”).  A&M is a privately owned, independent, global professional services company that leverages an industry-leading group of experienced operating executives who help businesses improve performance, solve problems and unlock value for stakeholders.  Alvarez & Marsal Capital currently has $900 million dollars under management and actively invests in both buyout and growth capital opportunities.






          A&M Capital Partners, the flagship fund with $600 million under management, principally makes control investments in the range of $20 to $75 million in businesses with enterprise values between $75 and $750 million and EBITDA between $10 and $75 million.  A&M Capital Partners focuses on  middle-market companies that are undergoing a management  or ownership transition, seeking capital for growth or can benefit from access to world class operational expertise in the areas of corporate carve-outs, consolidation strategies, special situations or businesses seeking to address specific operational issues or management needs.
               

Go to A&M Capital Partners 
 




                    A&M Capital Opportunities, the second strategy on the A&M Capital platform, principally makes minority investments in the range of $15 to $45 million in growth-oriented businesses with enterprise values between $25 and $150 million and EBITDA between $5 and $25 million.  A&M Capital Opportunities invests alongside entrepreneurs / management teams who desire a partner that brings more than just capital and can benefit from our access to performance improvement resources and experience that promote increased operational scale and efficiency. 
                
 

Go to A&M Capital Opportunities 
 




      
       
The information on this website is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any interest in any A&M Capital sponsored investment fund, vehicle or product. 
              © Copyright 2015 A&M Capital Advisors, LLC. All rights reserved.
       
      
      







Alvarez & Marsal Capital Opportunities
















 INVESTOR LOGIN



 


Home
Our Team
Our Investment Approach

Our Strategy
 Flexible Capital
Investment Criteria
 Operational Focus



Portfolio
Contact Us
 














LEADERS AND CHANGE AGENTS
Operational resources specifically tailored to the needs of each 
portfolio company.


OPERATIONAL HERITAGE
Access to Alvarez & Marsal’s market leading operational
expertise and industry insight.


PROFESSIONALISM AND INTEGRITY
Strong culture of respect for our business partners, management
teams and stakeholders.


flexible capital solutions
Tailored capital solutions to meet specific needs of owners, 
entrepreneurs, founders and managers.


PARTNERS FOR GROWTH
Solutions for companies and management teams looking to grow
organically or through acquisitions.














OUR STRATEGY 
We principally invest in growth-oriented businesses alongside entrepreneurs / management teams who desire a partner that brings more than just capital.
  
  
Read More ›



flexible capital

We strive to meet the specific needs and desires of the business owners by creating a solution that best meets their financial and non-financial goals.
    Read More ›



operational focus

We leverage the deep expertise and resources of our partners to develop operational processes, efficiency and scale for our portfolio companies.
   Read More ›



investment criteria

We target equity investments of $15 million to $45 million with the ability to invest more if needed. We target companies with enterprise values of $25 million to $150 million.
   Read More ›






Home |  Our Team  |   Our Investment Approach  |   Contact Us



The information on this website is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any interest in any A&M Capital sponsored investment fund, vehicle or product. 
© Copyright 2012 A&M Capital Advisors, LLC. All rights reserved

Website Design by Pulse-Creative









Alvarez & Marsal Capital Partners - Investment Strategy















 INVESTOR LOGIN







Home
Team
Investment Approach

Investment Strategy
Operational Focus
Investment Criteria


Portfolio
Press Room

News

Contact Us
 






Investment Strategy



Operational Focus



Investment Criteria










Our Strategy
A&M Capital Partners invests in companies that can benefit from our access to performance improvement resources and experience, including corporate carve-outs, consolidation strategies, special situations or businesses seeking to address specific operational issues or management needs.

Situations we pursue include:

Middle-market companies where we have a high degree of confidence in our ability to create value through performance improvements
Investments in healthy companies undergoing management transitions, where interim management resources are necessary
Investments related to corporate divestitures or carve-outs, which often require significant operational and / or managerial support to create well functioning and efficient stand-alone businesses
Build-up and consolidation strategies, where value can be created through synergy identification and execution as well as merger integration capabilities
Special situations in which a liquidity solution facilitates the recapitalization of a stressed balance sheet



We are control investors
 as we believe that control over key operational decisions is critical to our investment strategy.  However, we encourage the participation of selling shareholders and management teams in our investments.  We believe that this participation creates strong alignment of incentives to drive improvement and growth in a business. In certain situations we will consider shared control or significant minority stakes.


We invest in established operating companies
 in which it is possible to conduct fundamental investment analysis on reliable data in order to evaluate historical performance and future prospects.  We seek to acquire companies with defensible market positions in fundamentally stable and sound markets. 


We value transparency and respect 
among all stakeholders in a transaction.  The principals of A&M Capital Partners have over 85 years of combined experience executing private equity transactions in the middle-market.  Our experience with various kinds of businesses and ownership profiles allows us to meet sellers' objectives with win-win transactions that specifically address the goals of existing shareholders.  We are sensitive to the distractions that a sale process can cause and are therefore careful to prioritize efficiency and stability during our investigation and throughout our ownership.  We are especially sensitive to protecting vital business interests such as relationships with customers, employees, and vendors.




 





 Homel
     Teaml
      Investment Approachl
    Portfoliol
    Press Rooml
    Contact Us

The information on this website is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any interest in any A&M Capital sponsored investment fund, vehicle or product. 
© Copyright 2012 A&M Capital Advisors, LLC. All rights reserved

Website Design by Pulse-Creative


﻿




Firm Overview - Alvarez & Marsal Capital Real Estate

















Alvarez & Marsal Capital Real Estate
Contact Us


Firm Overview 

Firm Overview
Los Angeles | New York | Atlanta | Phoenix 


 



Firm Overview
Investment Principles
Why A&M CapRE?
Our Team

Representative Investments
Investment Criteria
Contact Us





Alvarez & Marsal Capital Real Estate (“A&M CapRE”) is the real estate investment management arm of Alvarez & Marsal (“A&M”), a global professional services firm and a leading firm in the corporate restructuring and turnaround industry




A&M CapRE was formed in 2009 to capitalize on opportunities that present themselves during each phase of the real estate market cycle – sourcing those opportunities through existing relationships of the team and the firm 
During A&M CapRE’s first four years (in the midst of “Great Recession” in the U.S.), those opportunities included real estate restructuring advisory, asset management, and equity investments

A&M CapRE helped lead the A&M real estate team that oversaw the bankruptcy of Lehman’s estimated $23bn real estate portfolio
A&M CapRE successfully advised a number of other large-scale real estate-led restructurings, including one of the largest publicly-traded global hospitality companies, one of the largest low-income housing developers in the U.S., and the real estate loan and OREO portfolios of several U.S. regional banks

For the last several years, A&M CapRE has focused exclusively on investing and managing as principals, and forming individual joint venture relationships with third party capital providers 

To date, A&M CapRE has deployed over $160MM in investment capital

A&M’s platform makes a wide array of professional services, resources, and capabilities available to A&M CapRE and provides access to a broad base of existing institutional and corporate relationships, including domestic and foreign banks, special servicers, insurance companies, and private equity funds








Firm Overview
    | Alvarez & Marsal Capital Real Estate 
	| Alvarez & Marsal 
    | Contact Us
© Copyright 2017 Alvarez & Marsal, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy






Alvarez & Marsal Capital Partners - Our Team














  INVESTOR LOGIN 


 


Home
Team
Investment Approach

Investment Strategy
Operational Focus
Investment Criteria


Portfolio
Press Room

News

Contact Us
 



 

Michael Odrich



Jack D. McCarthy Jr.



Kurtis J. Kaull



David Perskie



Mark Kelly



Tom Clayton



Scott Richter



Alex Nivelle



Rob Haisch



Charles Grimm



Michael R. Bardorf



Randall Harrigan



Andrea Biernat



Todd Rubin



Jarret Rutstein



 






Our Team



 
Read Full Bio >
 
 Michael Odrich
Senior Managing Director, Founder

Michael has been with A&M Capital since its inception.
Formerly Global Head of Lehman Brothers Private Equity.
BA from Stanford University and an MBA from Columbia University.







 
Read Full Bio > 
 Jack McCarthy Jr.
Senior Managing Director, Founder

Jack has been with A&M Capital since its inception.
Formerly a Partner of BA Capital Partners, Bank of America’s European private equity fund.
BA from Central Michigan University and MBA from the University of Chicago.







 
Read Full Bio > 
 Kurtis J. Kaull
Senior Managing Director

Kurt has been with A&M Capital since its inception.
Formerly a Partner of Gryphon Investors and American Industrial Partners.
JD / MBA and BA from Georgetown University.







 
Read Full Bio >
 
 David Perskie
Managing Director

David joined A&M Capital in 2011.
Formerly a Principal with PCG Capital Partners and a Vice President with Gryphon Investors.
BS in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.







 
Read Full Bio > 
 Mark Kelly
Senior Managing Director, Co-Head of Europe

 Mark joined A&M Capital in 2017, he is an Irish national.
Formerly Managing Director & Partner, H.I.G. Capital, co-founder H.I.G. Europe.
Prior to H.I.G., Mark was COO of Brakes, Europe's largest foodservice company.
MBA from Harvard University; MA & BSc. from Trinity College Dublin, Ireland.







 
Read Full Bio > 
 Tom Clayton
Managing Director, Healthcare Business Development

Tom joined A&M Capital in 2016.
Formerly Co-Founder of A&M Healthcare Ventures, Managing Partner of Teneo Capital Partners, Partner of Ferrer Freeman & Company, and Principal of Princes Gate Fund which was an affiliate of Morgan Stanley.
JD from The Yale Law School and BA from Yale University.







 
Read Full Bio > 
 Scott Richter
Head of Investor Relations

 Managing Director and Head of Investor Relations.
Scott joined A&M Capital in 2016.
Prior experience with Barclays, Lehman Brothers/Neuberger Berman & JPMorgan.
BS from St. Mary’s College of California and MBA from Indiana University.







 
Read Full Bio > 
 Alex Nivelle
Principal

Alex has been with A&M Capital since its inception.
Prior experience with Warburg Pincus and DLJ Merchant Banking.
AB in politics from Princeton University and MBA from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.







 
Read Full Bio > 
 Rob Haisch
Principal

Rob joined A&M Capital in 2014.
Prior experience with Charterhouse Equity Partners, North Castle Partners and J.P. Morgan Securities.
 BA in Economics from Vanderbilt University.







 
Read Full Bio > 
 Charles Grimm
Principal, Europe 

Charles joined A&M Capital in 2017, he is a French national. 
Formerly Principal at CCMP Capital in London and Associate at Merrill Lynch in Paris, France.  
BA from University of Texas at Austin.  







 
Read Full Bio > 
 Michael R. Bardorf
Chief Financial Officer

Michael joined A&M Capital in 2013.
Formerly Chief Financial Officer at Enhanced Equity Funds and Controller at American Securities and FLAG Capital Management.
BS in Accounting from Fairfield University.







 
Read Full Bio > 
 Randall Harrigan
Vice President

Randall joined A&M Capital in 2013.
Prior experience with Roark Capital Group.
BS in Commerce from University of Virginia.







 
Read Full Bio > 
 Andrea Biernat
Senior Associate

Andrea joined A&M Capital in 2013.
Prior experience with Greenbriar Equity and J.P. Morgan.
BS in Economics from the Wharton School and BAS from the School of Engineering at University of Pennsylvania's Jerome Fisher Management & Technology Program.







 
Read Full Bio > 
 Todd Rubin
Senior Associate

Todd joined A&M Capital in 2014.
Prior experience with Trilantic Capital Partners and Barclays Capital.
BS in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.







 
Read Full Bio > 
 Jarret Rutstein
Associate

Jarret joined A&M Capital in 2016.
Prior experience with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
BA in Political Economy from Tulane University and Master of Finance degree from MIT.
















 Homel
     Teaml
      Investment Approachl
    Portfoliol
    Press Rooml
    Contact Us

The information on this website is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any interest in any A&M Capital sponsored investment fund, vehicle or product. 
© Copyright 2012 A&M Capital Advisors, LLC. All rights reserved

Website Design by Pulse-Creative	

 



  
 Name
Title


Content

 




Alvarez & Marsal Capital Partners - Portfolio













  INVESTOR LOGIN 


 


Home
Team
Investment Approach

Investment Strategy
Operational Focus
Investment Criteria


Portfolio
Press Room

News

Contact Us
 



 

Gabriel Brothers



PureStar Linen Group




Centerra Services, LLC



WHC Energy Services, LLC



 ProAmpac
      



Celerus Payments LLC



 





OUR PORTFOLIO



  
 GABRIEL BROTHERS
Specialty retail chain operating approximately 100 deep discount stores in 11 states across the Mid-Atlantic and Eastern seaboard regions.
 GABRIEL BROTHERS PRESS RELEASE >




  
 PURESTAR LINEN GROUP
PureStar is the holding company for 4 leading commercial laundry businesses focusing on the hospitality sector. Operating under the Brady Linen, United Laundry, AC Linen and Royal Hospitality Services trade names, the company operates facilities across North America, including leading market positions in Las Vegas, Honolulu, Boston, Philadelphia, New Jersey, Connecticut, the Bahamas and Cancun, Mexico.

BRADY LINEN SERVICES PRESS RELEASE >
ROYAL HOSPITALITY SERVICES PRESS RELEASE >
AC LINEN PRESS RELEASE >





  
 CENTERRA SERVICES, LLC
A market leading provider of outsourced security services, fire, EMS and facilities management services to permanent critical infrastructure assets of the U.S. Government.




  
 WHC ENERGY SERVICES, LLC
A leading construction contractor that specializes in managing mid-to-long range pipeline projects, primarily for natural gas, as well as construction and maintenance of related facilities.
 WHC ENERGY SERVICES, LLC PRESS RELEASE >




  
 PROAMPAC
Prolamina is a full-service supplier of technology-driven, innovative, flexible packaging.  Ampac  is a diversified global packaging company with 13 manufacturing centers in North America, Europe and Asia.
 PROLAMINA AMPAC PRESS RELEASE >




  
 CELERUS PAYMENTS LLC
Celerus is a leading provider of payment-processing services to small and mid-sized merchants. Celerus was formed through the simultaneous acquisition and merger of a well-established independent sales organization with a proven payments processing platform.














 Homel
     Teaml
      Investment Approachl
    Portfoliol
    Press Rooml
    Contact Us

The information on this website is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any interest in any A&M Capital sponsored investment fund, vehicle or product. 
© Copyright 2012 A&M Capital Advisors, LLC. All rights reserved

Website Design by Pulse-Creative

 


  
 Name

Content






Alvarez & Marsal Capital Partners - News













 INVESTOR LOGIN







Home
Team
Investment Approach

Investment Strategy
Operational Focus
Investment Criteria


Portfolio
Press Room

News

Contact Us
 













Alvarez & Marsal Capital acquires Gabriel Brothers in partnership with Gabriel family

March 21, 2012, GREENWICH, CT – Alvarez & Marsal Capital ("A&M Capital"), a middle-market private equity firm that has a strategic association with Alvarez & Marsal ("A&M"), announced today that it has acquired a controlling majority interest in Gabriel Brothers, Inc. ("Gabes" or the "Company"), a leading retailer of deep discount "off-price" apparel, footwear and household goods.  The Gabriel family, which has owned and operated Gabes since its inception in 1961, rolled over into a significant minority position and will retain representation on the Company's Board of Directors.
 
Based in Morgantown, WV, the Company operates 100 stores under the Gabriel Brothers and Rugged Wearhouse banners across 11 states in the Mid-Atlantic, Midwest and Southeast regions.  Gabes' stores sell leading brands at up to 70% off department store prices by buying closeouts and over-runs from apparel manufacturers and retailers, with whom the Company has built deep and long-standing relationships that in many cases span several decades. 
  
"We are excited to partner with A&M Capital and see great things for the Company in the years to come," said Arthur Gabriel, Sr., co-founder of Gabriel Brothers.  "While the decision to sell our family business was a difficult one, we could be not happier with the partner we have chosen and believe they can help the Company grow to new heights."
  
"Gabriel Brothers represents an ideal transaction for our firm," said Kurt Kaull, Partner at A&M Capital.  "It was a proprietary transaction with no formal process and offered a compelling combination of longevity / stability on the one hand and performance improvement opportunities on the other.  The Gabriel family has built an exceptional business centered around delivering tremendous value to its customers, and we look forward to working with them and our colleagues at A&M to maximize the Company's potential."
A&M Capital was advised by Kirkland & Ellis.  Gabriel Brothers was advised by K&L Gates.
 
About Gabriel Brothers
Gabriel Brothers, Inc., founded in 1961, is a private discount retailer headquartered in Morgantown, West Virginia.  The company operates 37 Gabriel Brothers stores in 50,000-sq. ft. formats throughout Kentucky, Maryland, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia, and West Virginia.  Additionally, the company operates 63 Rugged Wearhouse stores in smaller 12,000-sq. ft. formats in Delaware, Georgia, Kentucky, Maryland, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia.  The Company sells designer brands and fashions for up to 70% off department and specialty store prices.  Their stores carry designer brand name ladies, juniors, lingerie, men's and children's apparel, along with footwear, accessories, handbags, bath and beauty products, home décor, soft home, and housewares.
  
About A&M Capital 
A&M Capital is a middle-market private equity firm which invests in established and profitable companies that can benefit from the firm's access to significant operating resources.  The firm has a strategic association with Alvarez & Marsal ("A&M"), which gives it the distinctive capability to bring the exact management or operational talent to the companies with which they partner, whether interim, part-time or permanent management assistance is required.  As such, their experience with various kinds of businesses and ownership profiles allows them to meet sellers' objectives with win-win transactions that specifically address the goals of existing shareholders.  The principals of A&M Capital have a combined 70 years of experience executing private equity transactions in the middle-market with this profile.
  
About A&M 
Alvarez & Marsal was founded in 1983 and is a privately-owned global professional services firm that helps businesses improve performance, solve problems, and unlock value for stakeholders.  With more than 1,600 full-time professionals in 40 + offices across North America, Europe, the Middle East, Asia and Latin America, A&M is the largest firm of its kind and has expertise across all major industry sectors and functional areas.

   







 Homel
     Teaml
      Investment Approachl
    Portfoliol
    Press Rooml
    Contact Us

The information on this website is provided for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any interest in any A&M Capital sponsored investment fund, vehicle or product. 
© Copyright 2012 A&M Capital Advisors, LLC. All rights reserved

Website Design by Pulse-Creative













 







A&M Capital Opportunities Fund, LP - Pooled Investment Fund- A&M Capital Opportunities Gp Associates, Lp  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









A&M Capital Opportunities Fund, LP

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    325 Greenwich Avenue 3 Rd Floor 
    Greenwich, CT, 06830Phone: 203-742-5880 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-13


Amended


$257,805,000


$257,805,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-12-03


Amended


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-11-25


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 N/A A&M Capital Opportunities Gp Associates, Lp 
 Promoter 


 N/A A&M Capital Opportunities Gp, Lp 
 Promoter 


 N/A Alvarez & Marsal Capital, L.P. 
 Promoter 


 N/A Alvarez & Marsal Capital, Llc 
 Promoter 


 N/A Alvarez & Marsal Inc. 
 Director 


 Antonio Alvarez Ii 
 Director 


 Bryan Marsal 
 Director 


 Antonio Marsal 
 Director 


 Michael Odrich 
 Director 













A&M CAPITAL OPPORTUNITIES FUND, LP Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      A&M CAPITAL OPPORTUNITIES FUND, LP
                    

•   GREENWICH, CT
                          • Private Equity
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             A&M Capital Opportunities Fund is based out of Greenwich.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-12-13. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  private equity fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 3



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from A&M CAPITAL OPPORTUNITIES FUND, LP, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




a&m capital opportunities fund, lp


289 GREENWICH AVENUE

GREENWICH
CT
                                                        
                                                    06830


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      203-742-5880







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 12/13/2016
D/A filed on 12/03/2015
D filed on 11/25/2015
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-12-13
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
257,805,000
INDEFINITE


2015-12-03
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
0
INDEFINITE


2015-11-25
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  PRIVATE EQUITY FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
0
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




ANTONIO   ALVAREZ II

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



ANTONIO   MARSAL

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



BRYAN   MARSAL

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



MICHAEL   ODRICH

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



N/A   ALVAREZ  MARSAL CAPITAL, L.P.

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



N/A   ALVAREZ  MARSAL CAPITAL, LLC

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



N/A   ALVAREZ  MARSAL INC.

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



N/A   AM CAPITAL OPPORTUNITIES-GP ASSOCIATES, LP

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      



N/A   AM CAPITAL OPPORTUNITIES-GP, LP

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free

















 

A&m Capital Opportunities Fund Lp - Funding history, company info, news ...































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/companies/218565-am-capital-opportunities-fund-lpsection=companies&subsection=detail&id=218565  




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


A&m Capital Opportunities Fund LpCompany DetailsGet alertedif A&m Capital Opportunities Fund Lp gets funded!A&m Capital Opportunities Fund LpFunding history Key peopleCountry:State:City:United StatesConnecticutGreenwichIndustry:Finance Funding history DateDeal sizeInvestors November 25th, 2015Undisclosed-View DealCreate alertManage your alerts in accountWant to know when A&m Capital Opportunities Fund Lp gets funded?Key peopleAntonio Alvarez IIDirectorBryan MarsalDirectorMichael OdrichDirectorPlease note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 



Putnam Capital Opportunities Fund (PCOAX) - Putnam Investments



































Putnam Investments - Individual Investors


Login
About Putnam
Contact Us










 



Email
Facebook
Twitter
Google+
LinkedIn


Home
Mutual funds




Select another fund:
Absolute Return 100 Fund
Absolute Return 300 Fund
Absolute Return 500 Fund
Absolute Return 700 Fund
American Government Income Fund
AMT-Free Municipal Fund
California Tax Exempt Income Fund
Capital Opportunities Fund
Capital Spectrum Fund
Convertible Securities Fund
Diversified Income Trust
Dynamic Asset Allocation Balanced Fund
Dynamic Asset Allocation Conservative Fund
Dynamic Asset Allocation Growth Fund
Dynamic Risk Allocation Fund
Emerging Markets Equity Fund
Emerging Markets Income Fund
Equity Income Fund
Equity Spectrum Fund
Europe Equity Fund
Floating Rate Income Fund
George Putnam Balanced Fund
Global Consumer Fund
Global Equity Fund
Global Financials Fund
Global Health Care Fund
Global Income Trust
Global Industrials Fund
Global Natural Resources Fund
Global Sector Fund
Global Technology Fund
Global Telecommunications Fund
Global Utilities Fund
Government Money Market Fund
Growth Opportunities Fund
High Yield Fund
Income Fund
Intermediate-Term Municipal Income Fund
International Capital Opportunities Fund
International Equity Fund
International Growth Fund
International Value Fund
Investors Fund
Low Volatility Equity Fund
Massachusetts Tax Exempt Income Fund
Minnesota Tax Exempt Income Fund
Money Market Fund
Multi-Cap Core Fund
Multi-Cap Growth Fund
Multi-Cap Value Fund
New Jersey Tax Exempt Income Fund
New York Tax Exempt Income Fund
Ohio Tax Exempt Income Fund
Pennsylvania Tax Exempt Income Fund
Research Fund
Retirement Income Fund Lifestyle 1
RetirementReady 2020 Fund
RetirementReady 2025 Fund
RetirementReady 2030 Fund
RetirementReady 2035 Fund
RetirementReady 2040 Fund
RetirementReady 2045 Fund
RetirementReady 2050 Fund
RetirementReady 2055 Fund
RetirementReady 2060 Fund
Short Duration Income Fund
Short-Term Municipal Income Fund
Small Cap Growth Fund
Small Cap Value Fund
Tax Exempt Income Fund
Tax-Free High Yield Fund
U.S. Government Income Trust




Class A
Class B
Class C
Class M
Class R
Class R5
Class R6
Class Y









Capital Opportunities Fund (PCOAX)

 Seeking opportunities in small and midsize companies





Highlights
Performance
Holdings
Expenses


Summary




Fund price
Yesterday's close
52-week high
52-week low




Net asset value

$15.95

0.00%
(
$0.00
)

$16.14

(12/06/16)


$13.99

(11/03/16)





 Historical







On:





Please select a valid start date

to:





Please select a valid date
(Optional)

Get prices


 



Management team






(pictured left to right)
Kathryn B. Lakin (industry since 2008)Samuel Cox (industry since 2002)Joshua H. Fillman (industry since 2007)Elizabeth Hansen McGuire (industry since 2014)William C. Rives (industry since 2012)




Strategy and process

Smaller companies: Often overlooked by Wall Street analysts, the stocks of smaller companies can represent attractive opportunities.
A flexible strategy: A core investment approach enables the fund to invest in both growth and value stocks.
A rigorous process: The fund's process combines a quantitative approach with fundamental research.



 Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. Share price, principal value, and return will vary, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares. To obtain the most recent month-end performance, visit putnam.com. 
Performance assumes reinvestment of distributions and does not account for taxes. Returns before sales charge do not reflect the current maximum sales charges as indicated below. Had the sales charge been reflected, returns would be lower. Returns at public offering price (after sales charge) for class A and class M shares reflect the current maximum initial sales charges of 5.75% and 3.50% for equity funds and Putnam Absolute Return 500 Fund and 700 Fund, and 4.00% and 3.25% for income funds (1.00% and 0.75% for Putnam Floating Rate Income Fund, Putnam Absolute Return 100 Fund and 300 Fund, and Putnam Short-Term Municipal Income Fund), respectively. Class B share returns reflect the applicable contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC), which is 5% in the first year, declining to 1% in the sixth year, and is eliminated thereafter (except for Putnam Floating Rate Income Fund, Putnam Absolute Return 100 Fund and 300 Fund, and Putnam Short-Term Municipal Income Fund, which is 1% in the first year, declining to 0.5% in the second year, and is eliminated thereafter). Class C shares reflect a 1% CDSC the first year that is eliminated thereafter. Performance for class B, C, M, R, T1, and Y shares prior to their inception is derived from the historical performance of class A shares, adjusted for the applicable sales charge (or CDSC) and, except for class Y shares, the higher operating expenses for such shares (with the exception of Putnam Tax-Free High Yield Fund and Putnam AMT-Free Municipal Fund, which are based on the historical performance of class B shares). Class R5/R6 shares, available to qualified employee-benefit plans only, are sold without an initial sales charge and have no CDSC. Class Y shares are generally only available for corporate and institutional clients and have no initial sales charge. Performance for Class R5/R6 shares before their inception are derived from the historical performance of class Y shares, which have not been adjusted for the lower expenses; had they, returns would have been higher. Class A, M, and T1 shares of Putnam money market funds have no initial sales charge. For a portion of the period, some funds had expenses limitations or had been sold on a limited basis with limited assets and expenses, without which returns would be lower.



Objective
The fund seeks long-term growth of capital.


Fund facts
as of 06/30/17





Fiscal year end
April


Asset Class
Blend


Inception date

06/01/98



Total net assets

$319.97M



Dividend frequency
Annually


Number of holdings
97



Open to new investors



CUSIP

746802693



Fund code

0054



Turnover (fiscal year end)

167%



Ticker

PCOAX







Literature


Prospectuses/SAI


Fact Sheet (Y share) (PDF)


Annual Fund Report (PDF)


Semiannual Fund Report (PDF)




Related topics


Putnam's Tax Center


Perspectives







Performance

Consistency of positive performance over five years
Performance represents 5-year returns in rolling quarter-end periods since inception.



 
26.24%

Best 5-year annualized return
(for period ending 03/31/14)




 
-5.24%

Worst 5-year annualized return
(for period ending 03/31/09)




 
8.19%

Average 5-year annualized return
 




Dots represent 5-year returns in rolling quarter-end periods since inception.



 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





53 positive 5-year periods


4 negative 5-year periods







 

93%



 

7%







Performance shown above does not reflect the effects of any sales charges. Click on the dots to see specific returns in each five-year period as of the date revealed. Note that returns of 0.00% are counted as positive periods.
For complete fund performance, please see below.



Total return (%) as of 06/30/17


Annual

Cumulative





Annualized performance
1 yr.
3 yrs.
5 yrs.
10 yrs.




Before sales charge

22.06%


3.42%


11.18%


5.71%



After sales charge

15.04%


1.40%


9.87%


5.09%



Russell 2500 Index

19.84%

6.93%

14.04%

7.42%
 

Russell 2000 Index

24.60%

7.36%

13.70%

6.92%
 







Cumulative performance
1 yr.
3 yrs.
5 yrs.
10 yrs.




Before sales charge

22.06%


10.61%


69.88%


74.24%



After sales charge

15.04%


4.25%


60.11%


64.22%







Annual performance as of 06/30/17




 
 2007

 2008

 2009

 2010

 2011

 2012

 2013

 2014

 2015

 2016





Before sales charge

-8.68%


-35.03%


46.06%


30.19%


-6.05%


14.20%


33.61%


7.09%


-7.54%


15.59%



Russell 2500 Index

1.38%


-36.79%


34.39%


26.71%


-2.51%


17.88%


36.80%


7.07%


-2.90%


17.59%



Russell 2000 Index

-1.57%


-33.79%


27.17%


26.85%


-4.18%


16.35%


38.82%


4.89%


-4.41%


21.31%






 Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. Share price, principal value, and return will vary, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares. To obtain the most recent month-end performance, visit putnam.com. 
Performance assumes reinvestment of distributions and does not account for taxes. Returns before sales charge do not reflect the current maximum sales charges as indicated below. Had the sales charge been reflected, returns would be lower. Returns at public offering price (after sales charge) for class A and class M shares reflect the current maximum initial sales charges of 5.75% and 3.50% for equity funds and Putnam Absolute Return 500 Fund and 700 Fund, and 4.00% and 3.25% for income funds (1.00% and 0.75% for Putnam Floating Rate Income Fund, Putnam Absolute Return 100 Fund and 300 Fund, and Putnam Short-Term Municipal Income Fund), respectively. Class B share returns reflect the applicable contingent deferred sales charge (CDSC), which is 5% in the first year, declining to 1% in the sixth year, and is eliminated thereafter (except for Putnam Floating Rate Income Fund, Putnam Absolute Return 100 Fund and 300 Fund, and Putnam Short-Term Municipal Income Fund, which is 1% in the first year, declining to 0.5% in the second year, and is eliminated thereafter). Class C shares reflect a 1% CDSC the first year that is eliminated thereafter. Performance for class B, C, M, R, T1, and Y shares prior to their inception is derived from the historical performance of class A shares, adjusted for the applicable sales charge (or CDSC) and, except for class Y shares, the higher operating expenses for such shares (with the exception of Putnam Tax-Free High Yield Fund and Putnam AMT-Free Municipal Fund, which are based on the historical performance of class B shares).  Class R5/R6 shares, available to qualified employee-benefit plans only, are sold without an initial sales charge and have no CDSC. Class Y shares are generally only available for corporate and institutional clients and have no initial sales charge. Performance for Class R5/R6 shares before their inception are derived from the historical performance of class Y shares, which have not been adjusted for the lower expenses; had they, returns would have been higher. Class A, M, and T1 shares of Putnam money market funds have no initial sales charge. For a portion of the period, some funds had expenses limitations or had been sold on a limited basis with limited assets and expenses, without which returns would be lower. 



Performance snapshot




 
Before sales charge
After sales charge




1 mt.

2.28
%

-3.60
%


as of 06/30/17


YTD

5.42
%

-0.64
%


as of 07/24/17






Lipper rankings as of 06/30/17



Small-Cap Core Funds
Percentile ranking
Rank/Funds in category




1 yr.


37%

346/949



3 yrs.


88%

693/794



5 yrs.


83%

563/680



10 yrs.


68%

336/497







Morningstar ratings as of 06/30/17




Small Blend
Rating
Number of funds in category




Overall



3


(646)



3 yrs.



2


(646)



5 yrs.



2


(545)



10 yrs.



3


(389)






Distributions




Record/Ex dividend date
12/07/16


Payable date
12/09/16


Income

$0.102



Extra income

$0.0



Short-term cap. gain

$0.0



Long-term cap. gain

$0.99







Volatility as of
06/30/17





Standard deviation (3 yrs.)

13.10%



Beta

0.97



R-squared

0.94







Risk-adjusted performance as of
06/30/17





Alpha (3 yrs.)

-3.29



Sharpe ratio (3 yrs.)

0.25



Treynor ratio (3 yrs.)

3.35



Information ratio (3 yrs.)

-1.08







Capture ratio as of
06/30/17





Up-market (3 yrs.)

88.44



Down-market (3 yrs.)

106.21








Lipper rankings are based on total return without sales charge
relative to all share classes of funds with similar objectives as
determined by Lipper. Past performance is not indicative of future
results.


The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.


The up-market capture ratio is used to evaluate how well an investment manager performed relative to an index during periods when that index has risen. The ratio is
calculated by dividing the manager’s returns by the returns of the index during the up-market, and multiplying that factor by 100. The down-market capture ratio
is used to evaluate how well an investment manager performed relative to an index during periods when that index has dropped. The ratio is calculated by dividing the
manager’s returns by the returns of the index during the down-market and multiplying that factor by 100.



Holdings

Top 10 holdings as of 06/30/17




Brunswick Corp/De

2.33%



 





Summit Materials

2.31%



 





Dxc Technology

2.02%



 





Radian Group

1.91%



 





Gaming And Leisure Properties

1.89%



 





Goodyear Tire Rubber The

1.86%



 





Hamilton Lane

1.85%



 





Colony Northstar

1.83%



 





Jazz Pharmaceuticals

1.82%



 





Easterly Government Properties

1.80%



 





Top 10 holdings, percent of portfolio

19.62%



 








 Full portfolio
 | Prior top 10 holdings


Full portfolio holdings
as of 03/31/17





EAST WEST BANCORP INC


1.07%




EVOLENT HEALTH INC - A


0.91%




SLM CORP


0.85%




MASTEC INC


0.82%




ADVANCED ENERGY INDUSTRIES


0.81%




GREENBRIER COMPANIES INC


0.80%




SUMMIT MATERIALS INC -CL A


0.79%




TOWER SEMICONDUCTOR LTD


0.79%




MKS INSTRUMENTS INC


0.78%




QUANTA SERVICES INC


0.78%




NCR CORPORATION


0.77%




AMERICAN EQUITY INVT LIFE HL


0.75%




PGT INNOVATIONS INC


0.75%




RELIANCE STEEL & ALUMINUM


0.72%




IAC INTERACTIVECORP


0.70%




POPULAR INC


0.70%




ICU MEDICAL INC


0.68%




CEVA INC


0.67%




WYNDHAM WORLDWIDE CORP


0.67%




ZIONS BANCORPORATION


0.64%




BRUNSWICK CORP


0.63%




LGI HOMES INC


0.63%




RE/MAX HOLDINGS INC-CL A


0.63%




DYCOM INDUSTRIES INC


0.62%




FCB FINANCIAL HOLDINGS-CL A


0.61%




FMC CORP


0.61%




PENUMBRA INC


0.61%




INTERDIGITAL INC


0.60%




META FINANCIAL GROUP INC


0.60%




HANMI FINANCIAL CORPORATION


0.59%




VEEVA SYSTEMS INC-CLASS A


0.59%




CACI INTERNATIONAL INC -CL A


0.58%




EMPLOYERS HOLDINGS INC


0.58%




ICF INTERNATIONAL INC


0.58%




TETRA TECH INC


0.58%




FIFTH STREET FINANCE CORP


0.57%




KAPSTONE PAPER AND PACKAGING


0.57%




SRC ENERGY INC


0.57%




TUTOR PERINI CORP


0.57%




FORMFACTOR INC


0.56%




MAXLINEAR INC


0.56%




ORION ENGINEERED CARBONS SA


0.55%




SANDERSON FARMS INC


0.55%




J2 GLOBAL INC


0.54%




ACCO BRANDS CORP


0.53%




ORBITAL ATK INC


0.53%




NELNET INC-CL A


0.52%




PIPER JAFFRAY COS


0.52%




ALASKA AIR GROUP INC


0.51%




HOPE BANCORP INC


0.51%




AECOM


0.50%




FEDERAL AGRIC MTG CORP-CL C


0.50%




NAVIGANT CONSULTING INC


0.50%




MARRIOTT VACATIONS WORLD


0.49%




NETSCOUT SYSTEMS INC


0.49%




PENN NATIONAL GAMING INC


0.49%




PENNANTPARK INVESTMENT CORP


0.49%




UGI CORP


0.49%




WEBSTER FINANCIAL CORP


0.49%




APPLIED OPTOELECTRONICS INC


0.48%




FIRST BANCORP PUERTO RICO


0.48%




TEXAS CAPITAL BANCSHARES INC


0.48%




UNITI GROUP INC


0.48%




2U INC


0.47%




SHOPIFY INC - CLASS A


0.47%




SPIRIT AIRLINES INC


0.47%




TRINSEO SA


0.47%




MONOLITHIC POWER SYSTEMS INC


0.46%




SENSATA TECHNOLOGIES HOLDING


0.46%




VECTREN CORP


0.46%




CHIMERA INVESTMENT CORP


0.45%




COOPER-STANDARD HOLDING


0.45%




INSTRUCTURE INC


0.45%




MEDICINES COMPANY


0.45%




NEW RESIDENTIAL INVESTMENT


0.45%




RING ENERGY INC


0.45%




CARBONITE INC


0.44%




EAGLE PHARMACEUTICALS INC


0.44%




SUMMIT HOTEL PROPERTIES INC


0.44%




WESTERN ALLIANCE BANCORP


0.44%




CABOT CORP


0.43%




TCF FINANCIAL CORP


0.43%




W.R. GRACE & CO


0.43%




BLUCORA INC


0.42%




CUSTOMERS BANCORP INC


0.42%




E*TRADE FINANCIAL CORPORATION


0.42%




GREAT SOUTHERN BANCORP INC


0.42%




PREMIER INC-CLASS A


0.42%




STONERIDGE INC


0.42%




FRANKLIN FINANCIAL NETWORK


0.41%




GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER CO


0.41%




INTEGER HOLDINGS CORP


0.41%




PLEXUS CORP


0.41%




REALPAGE INC


0.40%




SPARTANNASH CO


0.40%




STERIS PLC


0.40%




COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORP/NY


0.39%




HILLENBRAND INC


0.39%




MAINSOURCE FINANCIAL GROUP INC


0.39%




PACIFIC PREMIER BANCORP INC


0.39%




SOLAR CAPITAL LTD


0.39%




ARGAN INC


0.38%




NATL HEALTH INVESTORS INC


0.38%




ON SEMICONDUCTOR CORP


0.38%




OWENS-ILLINOIS INC


0.38%




CHEMICAL FINANCIAL CORP


0.37%




CONTINENTAL BUILDING PRODUCT


0.37%




EMERGENT BIOSOLUTIONS INC


0.37%




GRANITE CONSTRUCTION INC


0.37%




LEXINGTON REALTY TRUST


0.37%




PACIRA PHARMACEUTICALS INC


0.37%




WABTEC CORP


0.37%




DOMTAR CORP


0.36%




HAWAIIAN HOLDINGS INC


0.36%




HOMESTREET INC


0.36%




TERADYNE INC


0.36%




CALLON PETROLEUM CO


0.35%




PATRICK INDUSTRIES INC


0.35%




STANDEX INTERNATIONAL CORP


0.35%




LITTELFUSE INC


0.34%




REGAL ENTERTAINMENT GROUP-A


0.34%




SUPER MICRO COMPUTER INC


0.34%




UNITED COMMUNITY BANKS/GA


0.34%




ALBANY MOLECULAR RESEARCH


0.33%




BOFI HOLDING INC


0.33%




CLOVIS ONCOLOGY INC


0.33%




MINERALS TECHNOLOGIES INC


0.33%




OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL INC


0.33%




SYNNEX CORP


0.33%




VECTOR GROUP LTD


0.33%




VWR CORP


0.33%




AEGEAN MARINE PETROLEUM NETW


0.32%




CAVIUM INC


0.32%




CNO FINANCIAL GROUP INC


0.32%




JAZZ PHARMACEUTICALS PLC


0.32%




PROOFPOINT INC


0.32%




SERVICENOW INC


0.32%




US CONCRETE INC


0.32%




XPERI CORP


0.32%




BOX INC - CLASS A


0.31%




CALATLANTIC GROUP INC


0.31%




CARDINAL FINANCIAL CORP


0.31%




CHASE CORP


0.31%




CHEESECAKE FACTORY INC/THE


0.31%




FORTINET INC


0.31%




HORIZON PHARMA PLC


0.31%




LIBERTY MEDIA COR-SIRIUSXM C


0.31%




NOMAD FOODS LTD


0.31%




OMEGA HEALTHCARE INVESTORS


0.31%




POWER INTEGRATIONS INC


0.31%




ARISTA NETWORKS INC


0.30%




COGENT COMMUNICATIONS HOLDIN


0.30%




DIAMONDROCK HOSPITALITY CO


0.30%




FLUSHING FINANCIAL CORP


0.30%




HERCULES CAPITAL INC


0.30%




PROS HOLDINGS INC


0.30%




QEP RESOURCES INC


0.30%




RADIAN GROUP INC


0.30%




STERICYCLE INC


0.30%




TEREX CORP


0.30%




AMERICAN EAGLE OUTFITTERS


0.29%




APOLLO COMMERCIAL REAL ESTAT


0.29%




CAMBREX CORP


0.29%




JETBLUE AIRWAYS CORP


0.29%




K12 INC


0.29%




KOPPERS HOLDINGS INC


0.29%




PERFICIENT INC


0.29%




WABASH NATIONAL CORP


0.29%




COLONY NORTHSTAR INC-CLASS A


0.28%




KRATON CORP


0.28%




PEOPLES BANCORP INC


0.28%




PERRY ELLIS INTERNATIONAL


0.28%




STAG INDUSTRIAL INC


0.28%




GLOBUS MEDICAL INC - A


0.27%




INTEGRATED DEVICE TECH INC


0.27%




NCI BUILDING SYSTEMS INC


0.27%




SPECTRANETICS CORP


0.27%




STAMPS.COM INC


0.27%




ALKERMES PLC


0.26%




AZZ INC


0.26%




CHESAPEAKE LODGING TRUST


0.26%




COMMUNITY HEALTHCARE TRUST I


0.26%




DIAMONDBACK ENERGY INC


0.26%




ENCORE CAPITAL GROUP INC


0.26%




ENNIS INC


0.26%




HANESBRANDS INC


0.26%




HORIZON BANCORP INDIANA


0.26%




AGREE REALTY CORP


0.25%




BIOSPECIFICS TECHNOLOGIES


0.25%




DELUXE CORP


0.25%




ENERSYS


0.25%




QAD INC-A


0.25%




TYLER TECHNOLOGIES INC


0.25%




BRANDYWINE REALTY TRUST


0.24%




CENTURY COMMUNITIES INC


0.24%




CIENA CORP


0.24%




EXELIXIS INC


0.24%




FIRST COMMUNITY BANCSHARES


0.24%




INC RESEARCH HOLDINGS INC-A


0.24%




LANDAUER INC


0.24%




LIGAND PHARMACEUTICALS


0.24%




PROTHENA CORP PLC


0.24%




ALLIANCEBERNSTEIN HOLDING LP


0.23%




KRATOS DEFENSE & SECURITY


0.23%




MIMEDX GROUP INC


0.23%




ONEMAIN HOLDINGS INC


0.23%




AMERICAN VANGUARD CORP


0.22%




CHICO S FAS INC


0.22%




DOUGLAS DYNAMICS INC


0.22%




SILICON LABORATORIES INC


0.22%




BEACON ROOFING SUPPLY INC


0.21%




CRAY INC


0.21%




FTD COS INC


0.21%




HALYARD HEALTH INC


0.21%




KITE PHARMA INC


0.21%




MEDLEY CAPITAL CORP


0.21%




SELECT INCOME REIT


0.21%




WOLVERINE WORLD WIDE INC


0.21%




LASALLE HOTEL PROPERTIES


0.20%




NEW RELIC INC


0.20%




RYMAN HOSPITALITY PROPERTIES


0.20%




STEVEN MADDEN LTD


0.20%




UNITED STATES STEEL CORP


0.20%




VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP


0.20%




BANCO LATINOAMERICANO COME-E


0.19%




CYTOMX THERAPEUTICS INC


0.19%




HERITAGE INSURANCE HOLDINGS


0.19%




PRIMORIS SERVICES CORP


0.19%




ULTRAGENYX PHARMACEUTICAL IN


0.19%




ANI PHARMACEUTICALS INC


0.18%




GROUPON INC


0.18%




HEALTHEQUITY INC


0.18%




HEALTHSOUTH CORP


0.18%




ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES INC


0.18%




ZENDESK INC


0.18%




ALDER BIOPHARMACEUTICALS INC


0.17%




AMTRUST FINANCIAL SERVICES


0.17%




ARRAY BIOPHARMA INC


0.17%




ASHFORD HOSPITALITY TRUST


0.17%




BELDEN INC


0.17%




DEXCOM INC


0.17%




GULFPORT ENERGY CORP


0.17%




LTC PROPERTIES INC


0.17%




MCBC HOLDINGS INC


0.17%




OXFORD INDUSTRIES INC


0.17%




PRESTIGE BRANDS HOLDINGS INC


0.17%




SUCAMPO PHARMACEUTICALS-CL A


0.17%




TAKE-TWO INTERACTIVE SOFTWRE


0.17%




TESARO INC


0.17%




AMBARELLA INC


0.16%




ARDELYX INC


0.16%




CECO ENVIRONMENTAL CORP


0.16%




ETHAN ALLEN INTERIORS INC


0.16%




FIVE PRIME THERAPEUTICS INC


0.16%




LANNETT CO INC


0.16%




NEUROCRINE BIOSCIENCES INC


0.16%




ZYNERBA PHARMACEUTICALS INC


0.16%




AK STEEL HOLDING CORP


0.15%




GIGAMON INC


0.15%




MOLINA HEALTHCARE INC


0.15%




RAMCO-GERSHENSON PROPERTIES


0.15%




ACETO CORP


0.14%




CBL & ASSOCIATES PROPERTIES


0.14%




DYNEGY INC


0.14%




HALOZYME THERAPEUTICS INC


0.13%




MATSON INC


0.13%




CYS INVESTMENTS INC


0.12%




HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST


0.12%




INVESTORS REAL ESTATE TRUST


0.12%




MFA FINANCIAL INC


0.11%




NORTHERN OIL AND GAS INC


0.10%




SEMTECH CORP


0.10%




UNIVERSAL HEALTH RLTY INCOME


0.10%




AXOVANT SCIENCES LTD


0.09%




ENVISION HEALTHCARE CORP


0.09%




THERAPEUTICSMD INC


0.09%




DEPOMED INC


0.08%




LEXICON PHARMACEUTICALS INC


0.08%




ARALEZ PHARMACEUTICALS INC


0.07%




PUMA BIOTECHNOLOGY INC


0.07%




ACCELERON PHARMA INC


0.06%






Prior top 10 holdings



Top 10 holdings as of 06/30/17




Brunswick Corp/De


Summit Materials


Dxc Technology


Radian Group


Gaming And Leisure Properties


Goodyear Tire Rubber The


Hamilton Lane


Colony Northstar


Jazz Pharmaceuticals


Easterly Government Properties




Holdings represent
19.62%
of portfolio






Top 10 holdings as of 05/31/17




Jazz Pharmaceuticals


Dxc Technology


Brunswick Corp/De


Radian Group


Gaming And Leisure Properties


Colony Northstar


Goodyear Tire Rubber The


Qorvo


Easterly Government Properties


Hamilton Lane




Holdings represent
18.69%
of portfolio






Top 10 holdings as of 04/30/17




Radian Group


Brunswick Corp/De


Dxc Technology


Dave Buster'S Entertainment


Jazz Pharmaceuticals


Gaming And Leisure Properties


Pacira Pharmaceuticals De


Colony Northstar


Goodyear Tire Rubber The


Hamilton Lane




Holdings represent
18.65%
of portfolio






Top 10 holdings as of 03/31/17




East West Bancorp


Evolent Health


Slm Corp


Mastec


Advanced Energy Industries


Greenbrier Cos The


Summit Materials


Tower Semiconductor


Mks Instruments


Quanta Services




Holdings represent
8.40%
of portfolio






Portfolio composition as of 06/30/17





Common stock


97.27%



 






Cash and net other assets


2.73%



 









Equity statistics as of 06/30/17



Median market cap

$4.05B



Weighted average market cap

$5.00B



Price to book

2.48



Price to earnings

19.92









Top Industry Sectors
 as of 06/30/17





Information technology

17.01%



Financials

16.27%



Consumer discretionary

12.56%



Health care

11.39%



Materials

11.06%



Industrials

9.42%



Real estate

8.62%



Consumer staples

3.84%



Energy

3.59%



 Other

6.24%







Utilities

3.21%



Cash and net other assets

2.72%



Telecommunication services

0.31%





0
The unclassified sector (where applicable) includes exchange traded funds and other securities not able to be classified by sector.
Sectors will vary over time. Represents the equity portion of the portfolio.



Fund characteristics will vary over time.
Due to rounding, percentages may not equal 100%.


Expenses






Expense ratio
Class A
Class B
Class C
Class M
Class R
Class R5
Class R6
Class Y




Total expense ratio

1.19%


1.94%


1.94%


1.69%


1.44%


0.85%


0.75%


0.94%



What you pay

1.19%


1.94%


1.94%


1.69%


1.44%


0.85%


0.75%


0.94%







Sales charge




Investment Breakpoint
Class A
Class B
Class C
Class M
Class R
Class R5
Class R6
Class Y




$0-$49,999

5.75%


0.00%


0.00%


3.50%

 --

 --

 --

 --



$50,000-$99,999

4.50%


0.00%


0.00%


2.50%

 --

 --

 --

 --



$100,000-$249,999

3.50%

 --


0.00%


1.50%

 --

 --

 --

 --



$250,000-$499,999

2.50%

 --


0.00%


1.00%

 --

 --

 --

 --



$500,000-$999,999

2.00%

 --


0.00%


1.00%

 --

 --

 --

 --



$1M-$4M

0.00%

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



$4M-$50M

0.00%

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



$50M+

0.00%

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --







CDSC




 

Class A
(sales for $1,000,000+)


Class B


Class C


Class M


Class R


Class R5


Class R6


Class Y





0 to 9 mts.

1.00%


5.00%


1.00%

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



9 to 12 mts.

0.00%


5.00%


1.00%

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



2 yrs.
 --


4.00%


0.00%

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



3 yrs.
 --


3.00%


0.00%

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



4 yrs.
 --


3.00%


0.00%

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



5 yrs.
 --


2.00%


0.00%

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



6 yrs.
 --


1.00%


0.00%

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --



7+ yrs.
 --


0.00%


0.00%

 --

 --

 --

 --

 --










The Russell 2000 Index is an unmanaged list of common stocks that is frequently used as a general performance measure of U.S. stocks of small and/or midsize companies. You cannot invest directly in an index.
 Consider these risks before investing: Investments in small and/or midsize companies increase the risk of greater price fluctuations. Growth stocks may be more susceptible to earnings disappointments, and value stocks may fail to rebound. Stock prices may fall or fail to rise over time for several reasons, including general financial market conditions and factors related to a specific issuer or industry. You can lose money by investing in the fund.
























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














A&M Capital Opportunities Fund, LP  Financing | Newest SEC Filings

















Newest Filings











A&M Capital Opportunities Fund, LP  Financing
A&M Capital Opportunities Fund, LP just submitted form D announcing  Indefinite financing.  This is a new filing. A&M Capital Opportunities Fund, LP was able to sell $0. The total private offering amount was Indefinite. The financing was made by 0 investors. Minimal accepted investment was $0. The financing document was filed on 2015-11-25. A&M Capital Opportunities Fund, LP is based in  289 GREENWICH AVENUE 2ND FLOOR GREENWICH 06830. The firm's business is Pooled Investment Fund. The firm's revenue range is Decline to Disclose. The form was signed by  N/A A&M Capital Opportunities-GP, LP.





SEC FORM D


The Securities and Exchange Commission has not necessarily reviewed the information in this filing and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.The reader should not assume that the information is accurate and complete.



UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSIONWashington, D.C. 20549FORM DNotice of Exempt Offering of Securities


OMB APPROVAL


OMB Number:
3235-0076

Estimated average burden

hours per response:
4.00






1. Issuer's Identity


CIK (Filer ID Number)
Previous Names

X
None

Entity Type


0001659127




  
Corporation


X
Limited Partnership


  
Limited Liability Company


  
General Partnership


  
Business Trust


  
Other (Specify)





Name of Issuer
A&M Capital Opportunities Fund, LP
Jurisdiction of Incorporation/Organization
DELAWARE
Year of Incorporation/Organization


  
Over Five Years Ago


X
Within Last Five Years (Specify Year)
2015


  
Yet to Be Formed



2. Principal Place of Business and Contact Information

Name of Issuer
A&M Capital Opportunities Fund, LP

Street Address 1
Street Address 2


289 GREENWICH AVENUE
2ND FLOOR


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode
Phone Number of Issuer


GREENWICH
CONNECTICUT
06830
203-742-5880


3. Related Persons


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


A&M Capital Opportunities-GP, LP
N/A


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


289 Greenwich Avenue
2nd Floor


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Greenwich
CONNECTICUT
06830



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
  
Director
X
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
The General Partner (the "GP") of the Issuer.


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


A&M Capital Opportunities-GP Associates, LP
N/A


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


289 Greenwich Avenue
2nd Floor


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Greenwich
CONNECTICUT
06830



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
  
Director
X
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
The General Partner of the GP of the Issuer.


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Alvarez & Marsal Capital, LLC
N/A


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


289 Greenwich Avenue
2nd Floor


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Greenwich
CONNECTICUT
06830



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
  
Director
X
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
The General Partner of the General Partner of the GP of the Issuer.


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Alvarez & Marsal Inc.
N/A


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


600 Madison Avenue
8th Floor


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


New York
NEW YORK
10022



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
  
Director
X
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
The sole member of the General Partner of the General Partner of the GP of the Issuer.


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Odrich
Michael


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


289 Greenwich Avenue
2nd Floor


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


Greenwich
CONNECTICUT
06830



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
X
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Director of the General Partner of the General Partner of the GP of issuer.


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Alvarez II
Antonio


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


600 Madison Avenue
8th Floor


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


New York
NEW YORK
10022



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
X
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Director of the General Partner of the General Partner of the GP of issuer.


Last Name
First Name
Middle Name


Marsal
Bryan


Street Address 1
Street Address 2


600 Madison Avenue
8th Floor


City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/PostalCode


New York
NEW YORK
10022



Relationship:
  
Executive Officer
X
Director
  
Promoter

Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Director of the General Partner of the General Partner of the GP of issuer.
4. Industry Group



  
Agriculture



Banking & Financial Services





  
Commercial Banking


  
Insurance


  
Investing


  
Investment Banking


X
Pooled Investment Fund





  
Hedge Fund


X
Private Equity Fund


  
Venture Capital Fund


  
Other Investment Fund





Is the issuer registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940? 




  
Yes
X
No



  
Other Banking & Financial Services




  
Business Services



Energy




  
Coal Mining





  
Electric Utilities





  
Energy Conservation





  
Environmental Services





  
Oil & Gas





  
Other Energy






Health Care




  
Biotechnology





  
Health Insurance





  
Hospitals & Physicians





  
Pharmaceuticals





  
Other Health Care



  
Manufacturing



Real Estate




  
Commercial





  
Construction





  
REITS & Finance





  
Residential





  
Other Real Estate





  
Retailing


  
Restaurants



Technology




  
Computers





  
Telecommunications





  
Other Technology




Travel




  
Airlines & Airports





  
Lodging & Conventions





  
Tourism & Travel Services





  
Other Travel



  
Other



5. Issuer Size










Revenue Range
OR
Aggregate Net Asset Value Range


  
No Revenues
  
No Aggregate Net Asset Value


  
$1 - $1,000,000
  
$1 - $5,000,000


  
$1,000,001 - $5,000,000
  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000


  
$5,000,001 - $25,000,000
  
$25,000,001 - $50,000,000


  
$25,000,001 - $100,000,000
  
$50,000,001 - $100,000,000


  
Over $100,000,000
  
Over $100,000,000


X
Decline to Disclose
  
Decline to Disclose


  
Not Applicable
  
Not Applicable



6. Federal Exemption(s) and Exclusion(s) Claimed (select all that apply)



  
Rule 504(b)(1) (not (i), (ii) or (iii))


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(i)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(ii)


  
Rule 504 (b)(1)(iii)


  
Rule 505


X
Rule 506(b)


  
Rule 506(c)


  
Securities Act Section 4(a)(5)




X
Investment Company Act Section 3(c)


  
Section 3(c)(1)
  
Section 3(c)(9)  


  
Section 3(c)(2)
  
Section 3(c)(10)


  
Section 3(c)(3)
  
Section 3(c)(11)


  
Section 3(c)(4)
  
Section 3(c)(12)


  
Section 3(c)(5)
  
Section 3(c)(13)


  
Section 3(c)(6)
  
Section 3(c)(14)


X
Section 3(c)(7)



7. Type of Filing


X
New Notice

Date of First Sale

X
First Sale Yet to Occur


  
Amendment


8. Duration of Offering

Does the Issuer intend this offering to last more than one year?


X
Yes
  
No


9. Type(s) of Securities Offered (select all that apply)









  
Equity
X
Pooled Investment Fund Interests


  
Debt
  
Tenant-in-Common Securities


  
Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Another Security
  
Mineral Property Securities


  
Security to be Acquired Upon Exercise of Option, Warrant or Other Right to Acquire Security
  
Other (describe)







10. Business Combination Transaction

Is this offering being made in connection with a business combination transaction, such as a merger, acquisition or exchange offer?


  
Yes
X
No


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
11. Minimum Investment

Minimum investment accepted from any outside investor

$0

USD

12. Sales Compensation


Recipient

Recipient CRD Number
  
None



Barclays Capital Inc.
19714



(Associated) Broker or Dealer
  
None


(Associated) Broker or Dealer CRD Number
  
None



Barclays Capital Inc.
19714


Street Address 1
Street Address 2

745 7th Avenue

City
State/Province/Country
ZIP/Postal Code


New York
NEW YORK
10019



State(s) of Solicitation (select all that apply)Check “All States” or check individual States
X
All States


  
Foreign/non-US





13. Offering and Sales Amounts


Total Offering Amount

USD

or
X
Indefinite



Total Amount Sold

$0

USD


Total Remaining to be Sold

USD

or
X
Indefinite



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
14. Investors


  
Select if securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, and enter the number of such non-accredited investors who already have invested in the offering.




Regardless of whether securities in the offering have been or may be sold to persons who do not qualify as accredited investors, enter the total number of investors who already have invested in the offering:
0


15. Sales Commissions & Finder's Fees Expenses
Provide separately the amounts of sales commissions and finders fees expenses, if any. If the amount of an expenditure is not known, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.


Sales Commissions

$7,250,000

USD

X
Estimate



Finders' Fees

$0

USD

  
Estimate



Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
16. Use of Proceeds
Provide the amount of the gross proceeds of the offering that has been or is proposed to be used for payments to any of the persons required to be named as executive officers, directors or promoters in response to Item 3 above. If the amount is unknown, provide an estimate and check the box next to the amount.



$0

USD

  
Estimate


Clarification of Response (if Necessary):
Signature and Submission
Please verify the information you have entered and review the Terms of Submission below before signing and clicking SUBMIT below to file this notice.
Terms of Submission

In submitting this notice, each issuer named above is:

Notifying the SEC and/or each State in which this notice is filed of the offering of 
                    securities described and undertaking to furnish them, upon written request, in the accordance with applicable
                    law, the information furnished to offerees.*
Irrevocably appointing each of the Secretary of the SEC and, the Securities Administrator 
                    or other legally designated officer of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal 
                    place of business and any State in which this notice is filed, as its agents for service of 
                    process, and agreeing that these persons may accept service on its behalf, of any notice, 
                    process or pleading, and further agreeing that such service may be made by registered or 
                    certified mail, in any Federal or state action, administrative proceeding, or arbitration 
                    brought against it in any place subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, if the 
                    action, proceeding or arbitration (a) arises out of any activity in connection with the 
                    offering of securities that is the subject of this notice, and (b) is founded, directly or 
                    indirectly, upon the provisions of:  (i) the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange 
                    Act of 1934, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 
                    Investment Advisers Act of 1940, or any rule or regulation under any of these statutes, or (ii) 
                    the laws of the State in which the issuer maintains its principal place of business or any State 
                    in which this notice is filed.
Certifying that, if the issuer is claiming a Regulation D exemption for the offering, the issuer is not disqualified from relying on Regulation D for one of the reasons stated in Rule 505(b)(2)(iii) or Rule 506(d).


Each Issuer identified above has read this notice, knows the contents to be true, and has duly caused this notice to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned duly authorized person.
For signature, type in the signer's name or other letters or characters adopted or authorized as the signer's signature.


Issuer
Signature
Name of Signer
Title
Date


A&M Capital Opportunities Fund, LP
/s/ Michael Odrich
Michael Odrich
Managing Director
2015-11-25


Persons who respond to the collection of information contained in this form are not required to respond unless the form displays a currently valid OMB number.
* This undertaking does not affect any limits Section 102(a) of the National Securities Markets
        Improvement Act of 1996 ("NSMIA") [Pub. L. No. 104-290, 110 Stat. 3416 (Oct. 11, 1996)] imposes on the ability of States to
        require information. As a result, if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes 
        of NSMIA, whether in all instances or due to the nature of the offering that is the subject of this Form D, States cannot
        routinely require offering materials under this undertaking or otherwise and can require offering materials only to the
        extent NSMIA permits them to do so under NSMIA's preservation of their anti-fraud authority.




A&M Capital Opportunities Fund, LP Financing

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-12-13Amended Form DIndefinite$257,805,000Indefinite$05006b 3C 3C.7[view]2015-12-03Amended Form DIndefiniteYet To SellIndefinite$0006b 3C 3C.7[view]2015-11-25New Form DIndefiniteYet To SellIndefinite$0006b 3C 3C.7[view]
A&M Capital Opportunities Fund, LP List of ExecutivesAntonio Alvarez II, Antonio Marsal, Bryan Marsal, Bryan Marsal, Michael Odrich, Michael Odrich, N/A A&M Capital Opportunities-GP Associates, LP, N/A A&M Capital Opportunities-GP Associates, LP, N/A A&M Capital Opportunities-GP, LP, N/A A&M Capital Opportunities-GP, LP, N/A Alvarez & Marsal Capital, L.P., N/A Alvarez & Marsal Capital, LLC, N/A Alvarez & Marsal Capital, LLC, N/A Alvarez & Marsal Inc.











Last visited: Ping Emerging Markets Macro Fund, Pinnacle Aggressive Growth Global/Extended Fund, LP, Pinnacle Automotive Group Enterprises Inc., Pinnacle Holding Company, LLC, SWFL, Inc.

								© 
							
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Capital Opportunity Fund (PRCOX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Capital Opportunity Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRCOX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/24/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$25.64
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.01
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/24/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								13.75%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$22.54
							
							-
							
								$25.67
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$551.98

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 05/31/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Capital Opportunity Fund among 
1222,
1222,
1081
and 
798
Large Blend
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 05/31/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks to provide long-term capital growth by investing primarily in U.S. common stocks.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					19.46%
				
			

				
					19.46%
				
			


3 Years

				
					9.90%
				
			

				
					9.90%
				
			


5 Years

				
					14.71%
				
			

				
					14.71%
				
			


10 Years

				
					7.27%
				
			

				
					7.27%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 8.73%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							8.73%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							November 30, 1994
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.70%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.70%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			



2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Mon Jul 24 23:02:53 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now


































