




Ashraf Amanullah, Ph.D. - aTyr Pharma | Brave Science | Meaningful Medicines






























































NASDAQ: LIFE








Our View of Life
Life Leaders
Life Directors
Therapeutic Advisory Board
Restoring fundamental processes 

 


Life Leaders


 

 
<
>



 

Ashraf Amanullah, Ph.D.VP, Biologics Development and Manufacturing 

Ashraf Amanullah, Ph.D. has served as Vice President, Biologics Development and Manufacturing since November 2015. Prior to joining aTyr Pharma, he served as Senior Director at Gilead Sciences from September 2011 to August 2015, a biopharmaceutical company, where he was responsible for CMC operations for Biologics overseeing drug substance, analytical operations, quality controls, formulations, drug product and device development as well as external manufacturing operations. Prior to Gilead, Dr. Amanullah was Director of Process Development at Genentech from September 2006 to August 2011, a biotechnology company, with responsibility for process development for early stage therapeutics and support of late stage and post approval process development. Dr. Amanullah has also held various positions at Merck & Co. Inc., a global health care company, over a nine year tenure with responsibility for vaccines process development, clinical manufacturing and commercialization support. He is the author of 55 peer-reviewed publications. Dr. Amanullah received his Ph.D. in Chemical Engineering from The University of Birmingham (U.K.) and conducted post-doctoral studies with Novo Nordisk and University College London/Merck & Co. Inc.


 

John T. BlakeSenior VP, Finance 

John T. Blake has served as the Vice President, Finance of the Company since October 2015 and the Senior Director Finance and Controller of the Company since March 2015. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Blake served as the Director, Financial Planning and Analysis of Volcano Corporation, a publicly traded medical device company, from March 2010 to March 2015 and as the SEC Reporting Manager from November 2008 through March 2010. From April 2007 to November 2008, Mr. Blake served in various senior finance roles at Entropic Communications, a semiconductor company. Prior to 2007, Mr. Blake served as an auditor in public accounting and an analyst for BD Biosciences. Mr. Blake is a Certified Public Accountant and holds a Bachelor of Business Administration with a concentration in Accountancy from National University.


 

Grove MatsuokaSenior VP,  Product Programs and Planning 

Grove Matsuoka has served as our Senior Vice President, Product Programs and Planning since May 2016. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Matsuoka served as Senior Vice President, Commercialization at CoDa Therapeutics, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, from 2007 to 2016, where he led the development of commercialization plans for novel cellular gap junction modulating platform technology through in-depth assessment of the market, competitive environment, regulatory and market access hurdles. Prior to that, from 1995 to 2007, he worked in various positions at Amgen, Inc., most recently as Director, Medical Affairs, Strategic Planning and Operations, where he established and managed the strategic and operational function for the newly formed Medical Affairs organization. Mr. Matsuoka was also Clinical Research Project Team Leader for an FC Fusion Program while at Amgen. He received his M.B.A. from Boston College and his B.A. in Microbiology and Immunology from University of California, Berkeley.


 

Andrea Cubitt, Ph.D.VP, Product Protection 

Andrea Cubitt, Ph.D. has served as Vice President, Product Protection since September 2011. Dr. Cubitt worked as a consultant for us from January 2011 to September 2011. Prior to that, from 2009 to 2011, she worked as a senior patent agent for the Global Patent Group LLC, a patent consulting firm. She co-founded Anaptys Biosciences, a therapeutic antibody company, in 2005 and served as Executive Director of Corporate Development until 2009. She also served as Senior Manager, Technology and Intellectual Property at Aurora Bioscience Corporation, a biotechnology company. Dr. Cubitt did her postdoctoral training at Weill Cornell Medical College in New York, and at the University of California San Diego, where she was part of team that initiated development of the green fluorescent protein (“GFP”) with Roger Tsien, Ph.D. Dr. Cubitt holds a Ph.D. in biochemistry from the University of Sheffield and a first class honors degree (B.Sc) in medical biochemistry from the University of Birmingham in the UK. Dr. Cubitt is a co-inventor or co-author of 18 issued US patents and 20 publications.


 

Nancy KruegerVP Legal Affairs 

Nancy D. Krueger has served as our Vice President, Legal Affairs since October 2014 and provided consulting services to us from 2013 to 2014.  Ms. Krueger practiced law in the corporate department at Cooley LLP and was named partner in 2000.  Her practice at Cooley was focused on securities and corporate matters, including private financings, public offerings, mergers and acquisitions and corporate governance and disclosure issues.  Ms. Krueger holds a J.D. from University of California, Berkeley School of Law and B.A. in Economics and Business from the University of California, Los Angeles.  


 

Holly D. ChrzanowskiVP, Enterprise Talent and Organization 

Holly D. Chrzanowski has served as our Vice President, Enterprise Talent and Organization since April 2013 and provided consulting services to us from 2010 to 2013. Prior to joining aTyr, she operated her own human resources consulting practice, HC Consulting, for 12 years, providing human resources consulting services to a wide variety of biotechnology companies located nationwide. She also served as a Director, Human Resources at Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated as a consultant and Senior Manager, Human Resources at Aurora Biosciences Corporation. Prior to this, Ms. Chrzanowski held a variety of management level positions in human resources at Geometric Results Incorporated, a multinational subsidiary of Ford Motor Company (acquired by MSX International). Ms. Chrzanowski attended the University of Salzburg, Austria where she studied German language. She holds a B.A. in political science from California State University at Long Beach.


 

John D. Mendlein, Ph.D.Chief Executive Officer, Director 

John D. Mendlein, Ph.D. has served as our Chief Executive Officer since September 2011 and as a member of our Board of Directors since July 2010. Dr. Mendlein served as our Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors from July 2010 to December 2015. Dr. Mendlein is Vice Chairman of the Board of Fate Therapeutics, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, and also holds board positions with Editas Medicine, Inc., Moderna Therapeutics, Inc. and Axcella Health, Inc., which are all biopharmaceutical companies. Dr. Mendlein also serves on the Biotechnology Industry Organization (“BIO”) emerging companies board. Dr. Mendlein previously served as the Chief Executive Officer of Adnexus Therapeutics, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company, from 2005 to 2008, which was purchased by Bristol-Myers Squibb Company in 2008. Dr. Mendlein also served on the board of directors of Monogram Biosciences, Inc., an HIV and oncology diagnostic company that was acquired by Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings in 2009. Before that, he served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Affinium Pharmaceuticals, Ltd. (acquired by Debiopharm Group) from 2000 to 2005, and as a board member, General Counsel and Chief Knowledge Officer at Aurora Bioscience Corporation (acquired by Vertex Pharmaceuticals), a biotechnology company, from August 1996 to September 2001. Dr. Mendlein holds a Ph.D. in physiology and biophysics from the University of California, Los Angeles, a J.D. from the University of California, Hastings College of the Law, and a B.S. in biology from the University of Miami. Dr. Mendlein is the co-author or co-inventor of over 210 publications and published patents, including a number of patents associated with our company.


 

Sanjay S. Shukla, M.D., M.S.Chief Medical Officer 

Sanjay S. Shukla, M.D., M.S. has served as our Chief Medical Officer since March 2016. From April 2015 to March 2016, Dr. Shukla worked in an advisory capacity for a number of companies, including as a consultant to aTyr from January 2016 to March 2016. Prior to that, from October 2012 to April 2015, Dr. Shukla served as Vice President and Global Head of Integrated Medical Services for Novartis, a biopharmaceutical company, where he led global medical affairs operations, with oversight for all pharma general medicines therapies, both inline and in development. Dr. Shukla served as Chief Executive Officer of RXMD, a clinical development consultancy that assisted in advancing proof of concept for early stage drug candidates, from April 2009 to September 2012. Prior to that, Dr. Shukla served in a variety of clinical development, data analytics and drug safety roles at Vifor Pharma, a biopharmaceutical company, and Aspreva Pharmaceuticals (acquired by Vifor Pharma). Dr. Shukla received his M.D. from Howard University College of Medicine and his Bachelors of Science and Master of Science in Epidemiology and Biostatistics from the University of Maryland.


 

Sanuj K. Ravindran, M.D.Chief Business Officer 

Sanuj K. Ravindran, M.D. has served as our Chief Business Officer since January 2016. Prior to joining aTyr, Dr. Ravindran was Senior Vice President, Corporate Development for The Medicines Company (“MDCO”), a biopharmaceutical company, and responsible for Business Development, Competitive Intelligence, and Alliance Management. From January 2010 to June 2012, Dr. Ravindran was a co-founder and Managing Director of Asian Healthcare Fund, a New Delhi based private equity fund focused exclusively on healthcare and life sciences in India. As a Principal of Radius Ventures from 2007 to 2010, Dr. Ravindran invested in and assumed Board roles with several biotechnology companies. Prior to Radius, Dr. Ravindran was a Director of Burrill & Company and also the Healthcare Investment Banking Group at Merrill Lynch. Dr. Ravindran is trained in Internal Medicine and completed his residency training at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital. He was a National Cancer Institute Research Fellow at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center. He is a member of the Society of Kauffman Fellows and remains a Venture Partner with Asian Healthcare Fund. Dr. Ravindran received a B.A. with Honors from Northwestern University, his M.D. from Jefferson Medical College, and his M.B.A. from the Kellogg School of Management.


 

David J. King, Ph.D.Senior VP, Research 

David J. King, Ph.D. has served as our Senior Vice President, Research since September 2016. David’s industry experience is highlighted by his tenures at Medarex, Inc., (acquired by Bristol-Myers Squibb in 2009) and Celltech Therapeutics Ltd. (acquired by UCB in 2004). At Medarex, he led programs to identify therapeutic antibodies and played a key role in programs targeting novel biologics (including PD-1), and at Celltech, he directed the protein biochemistry and antibody engineering activities that led to the discovery and development of Cimzia® (TNF antagonist). After Medarex, Dr. King served as Chief Scientific Officer at AnaptysBio, Inc. from November 2008 to February 2016 where he led research that developed a novel technology for generating antibody therapeutics, which was successfully used to generate innovative clinical candidates for a number of pharmaceutical partnerships and for internal development. Most recently, Dr. King served as Senior Vice President of Research at Tunitas Therapeutics, where he led the company’s research and preclinical activities from February 2016 to September 2016. Dr. King received his B.S. from the University of Warwick and his Ph.D. from the University of Surrey, both in the United Kingdom, and was a Glaxo Group Research postdoctoral fellow.


 





				&copy 2007 - 2017				 
				aTyr Pharma.
				 
				Legal
				 
				Privacy Policy













				MENU							



Company

Our View of Life
Life Leaders
Life Directors
Therapeutic Advisory Board


Our Science

Physiocrine Biology
Resokine Pathway
Patent Estate
Publications


Programs

Pipeline
Resolaris™
Stalaris™
Physiocrine R&D


Patients

Clinical Trials
Advocacy
FSHD
Early Onset FSHD
LGMD


Collaborations
Investors

Corporate Governance

Board of Directors
Board Committees


News Releases
SEC Filings
Stock Information
Analyst Coverage
Investor Alerts
Events and Webcasts


Careers

Career Opportunities
Working at aTyr Pharma


Contact






Ashraf Amanullah, Atyr Pharma Inc: Profile & Biography - Bloomberg



































































  





















Feedback





Ashraf Amanullah

VP:Biologics Dev & Manufacturing,
Atyr Pharma Inc






Career History




VP:Biologics Dev & Manufacturing
Atyr Pharma Inc, 11/2015-PRESENT


VP:Manufacturing
Atyr Pharma Inc, 11/2015-UNKNOWN









Website:
www.atyrpharma.com






Corporate Information
Address:

3545 John Hopkins Court
Suite 250
San Diego, CA 92121
United States


Phone:
1-858-731-8389


Fax:
1-858-731-8394


Web url:
www.atyrpharma.com











From The Web












Personal Information



Education



University of Birmingham
PhD








Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data































    Ashraf Amanullah | aTYR PHARMA INC | ZoomInfo.com








Ashraf  Amanullah - Carlsbad, CA | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Ashraf  Amanullah in Carlsbad, CA


Ashraf  Amanullah

                                                                           Intelius found that Ashraf  Amanullah  is  a male between 40 and 50 years old from Carlsbad, CA.  We have connected them to
                8 addresses,
                8 phones,
                and 1 relative or associate.
         






Get Report Now

Age

Ashraf  Amanullah is in his 40s

Ashraf Has Lived In

Carlsbad, CA
North Wales, PA
Lansdale, PA

Ashraf's Relatives

Nathalie Lejuez







Ashraf  Amanullah



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Professional Status
Principal Engineer and Group Leader, Process Research and Development at Genentech , Inc.



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Ashraf? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Ashraf, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Ashraf  Amanullah
Get a Criminal Check on Ashraf  Amanullah
Get a Public Record Report on Ashraf  Amanullah
Get a People Search Report on Ashraf  Amanullah


Ashraf  Amanullah's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Ashraf  Amanullah has lived as well as Ashraf  Amanullah's phone numbers and email addresses.




Ashraf  Amanullah Has Lived in 2 States
California Address for Ashraf  Amanullah


7031 C****** V** 

Carlsbad, CA


Has Lived In

Carlsbad, CA
North Wales, PA


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Ashraf  Amanullah

(760) ***-**** - Carlsbad, CA 
(760) ***-**** - Oceanside, CA 
(650) ***-**** - Oceanside, CA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Ashraf  Amanullah

a********h@***.com
a**************h@***.com
a**************h@***.edu


Get Email Report




Ashraf  Amanullah's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about Ashraf  Amanullah's academic history.  Find out which schools Ashraf  Amanullah attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees Ashraf  Amanullah received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Ashraf  Amanullah Has Attended 4 Schools
Birmingham High School Ashraf  Amanullah has a Chemical Engineering in Chemical Engineering               
Birmingham High School                              Ashraf  Amanullah has a Ph.d., Biochemical Engineering in Biochemical Engineering               
Birmingham High School                              Ashraf  Amanullah has a Ph.D. in Biochemical Engineering               
Birmingham High School                              Ashraf  Amanullah has a Ph.d., in Biochemical Engineering               


Ashraf  Amanullah's Professional Information
Information regarding Ashraf  Amanullah's professional history.  Find out previous places Ashraf  Amanullah has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


Ashraf  Amanullah Has Worked at 14 Places
Company: Genentech , Inc.
               Title: Principal Engineer and Group Leader, Process Research and Development
Company: Gilead Sciences , Inc.
               Title: Senior Director Bialogics Development
Ashraf  Amanullah's Experience
Title: Principal Engineer and Group Leader, Process Research and Development
               Company: Genentech , Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 mil to less than $5 mil - Employee Range: 25 to less than 100. Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000.
Title: Senior Director Bialogics Development
               Company: Gilead Sciences , Inc.
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 5,000 to less than 25,000
Additional Professional Information on Ashraf  Amanullah

 See Ashraf  Amanullah's LinkedIn Profile



Ashraf  Amanullah's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Ashraf  Amanullah


Ashraf  Amanullah's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Ashraf  Amanullah's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Ashraf Amanullah
Username Matches

                  AshrafAmanullah
                  AmanullahAshraf
                  Ashraf.Amanullah
                  Amanullah.Ashraf
                  Ashraf_Amanullah
                  Amanullah_Ashraf
                  Ashraf-Amanullah
                  Amanullah-Ashraf
                  AAmanullah
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
A Amanullah







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.



















For full functionality of ResearchGate it is necessary to enable JavaScript.
                    Here are the 
                        instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.






Please, wait while we are validating your browser





Ashraf Amanullah 的个人主页 | Facebook


Facebook邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017




















LIFE Ashraf Amanullah Insider Trades for aTyr Pharma Inc.


































Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































aTyr Pharma Inc.

                  NASDAQ: LIFE
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

aTyr Pharma Inc.



Market closed
 --Quotes are delayed by 20 min
Jul 25, 2017, 4:00 p.m.


LIFE

/quotes/zigman/49862350/composite


$
3.40




Change

-0.15
-4.23%

Volume
Volume 20,558
Quotes are delayed by 20 min








/quotes/zigman/49862350/composite
Previous close

$
			3.55
		


$
				3.40
			
Change

-0.15
-4.23%





Day low
Day high
$3.40
$3.55










52 week low
52 week high

            $2.10
        

            $4.45
        


















Insider Activity


Individual




Ashraf Amanullah



Dr. Ashraf Amanullah is Vice President-Manufacturing at aTyr Pharma, Inc.



Transactions


Date
Shares
Transaction
Value





12/20/2016
11,000


 
Acquisition at $2.25 per share.


24,750





        Copyright 2017 FactSet Research Systems Inc. All rights reserved. Source FactSet Fundamentals.
    











            Officers and Executives
        





Mr. John K. Clarke 
Chairman




Dr. John D. Mendlein 
Chief Executive Officer & Director




Mr. John T. Blake 
Vice President-Finance




Dr. David John King 
Senior Vice President-Research




Dr. Sanjay  Shukla 
Chief Medical Officer




Dr. Ashraf  Amanullah 
Vice President-Manufacturing




Dr. Sanuj K. Ravindran 
Chief Business Officer




Dr. Melissa  Ashlock 
Senior VP-Translational Medicine & Therapeutics




Dr. Andrew B. Cubitt 
Vice President-Product Protection




Mr. Grove  Matsuoka 
SVP-Product Programs & Planning




Mr. Timothy P. Coughlin 
Director




Mr. Jeffrey S. Hatfield 
Director




Dr. Mark Alan Goldberg 
Director




Ms. Nancy Denyes Krueger 
Secretary & Vice President-Legal Affairs




Dr. Amir H. Nashat 
Independent Director




Dr. Paul R. Schimmel 
Independent Director




Dr. Jim C. Blair 
Independent Director




Dr. Srinivas  Akkaraju 
Independent Director









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


X




Powered by














Log In




1:19 AM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
1:04aWynn Macau net profit rises 57% on year
1:03aHere’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
1:01aOil rally continues, as optimism builds ahead U.S. supply data
12:51aJapan, Aussie stocks continue to rise, spurred on by commodity prices
12:01aDon’t have a college degree? These are the industries with the best-paid jobs
11:04pDoes your child have a question? There’s a smart toy for that
11:04pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
11:04pWhat everyone can learn from Jared Kushner’s unorthodox approach to meetings
11:04pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
10:14pOne version of GOP health-care bills fails in Senate vote
9:28pGeorge Clooney and Angelina Jolie’s directorial projects could be the most sought-after tickets at TIFF
8:41pJohn McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful
8:20pPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
7:47pAMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
7:40pAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



































































Free animal products  Essays and Papers


























My Account







Search Results





Free Essays

Good Essays

Better Essays

Stronger Essays

Powerful Essays

Term Papers

Research Papers




	Search by keyword:
	
	  Sort By: 
Most Relevant
Color Rating
Essay Length

	 






Your search returned over 400 essays for "animal products"
1  2  3  4  5    Next >> 

  
  These results are sorted by most relevant first (ranked search).  You may also sort these by color rating
   or essay length.
  




Title
Length
Color Rating
 






		Abstaining From Animal Products
	

 - “I’m  allergic to meat.” Well this is not exactly true, but I will occasionally say this to a waiter at a restaurant just to make sure no animal products end up in my meal. I have been a vegetarian since I was 11 years old and it is one of the best decisions I have ever made. 	There has only been one time in all six years that I have eaten meat. After an unfortunate encounter with “Tofurky”, a substitute meat product, I ate real turkey for a day. But other than that, I have been meat, poultry, and more recently, egg free....   [tags: Personal Experience, Autobiography]

604 words(1.7 pages)

Better Essays

[preview]






		 Animal Products
	

 - Animal Products  Growing up most children were taught that food comes in four groups:  meats, dairy, fruits and vegetables, and grains. To not obtain food  from each group every day could result in an unhealthy person. One  would assume that it was formed upon firm, scientifically-based  principles. But this is not the case. It was based upon the economics  and politics of dairy and meat production of the time ( Hur 95). The  "Basic Four" was created by the United States Department of  Agriculture in 1956 to increase the production of and create a market  for agricultural products....   [tags:  Health Nutrition Food Diets Essays]
:: 10 Works Cited 

1509 words(4.3 pages)

Powerful Essays

[preview]






		Animal Testing is the Best Way to Test Products
	

 - 1.	Introduction Thesis Statement: If animal testing were prohibited, then in what way would the effectiveness of a product be verified. A quote by Amanullah Ashraf states that, 'in order to gain something, we have to lose something '. According to this, I will be discussing animal testing. Audience: everybody who thinks animal testing should be prohibited. Purpose: convincing people that animal testing is the best way to test products and its not “cruel” and “inhuman” as people say. 2.	Body paragraphs  Topic Sentence: Sheltering the safety of people, animals and the environment....   [tags: Animal Testing Speech]
:: 5 Works Cited 

1118 words(3.2 pages)

Good Essays

[preview]






		How Does Our Consumption of Animal Products Affect the Environment?
	

 - My starting point for this paper was the movie Food Inc. directed by Robert Kenner. Although the film’s main purpose was to expose how detrimental today’s food industry is to our health, at the same time I found myself wondering how the food industry and our diets affect the environment. The film mentions how the meat industry takes heavy tolls on the environment because of the land that must be devoted in order to raise livestock—both to grow the food for the animals to eat and to provide a place for the animals to reside....   [tags: Animals, Environement]
:: 13 Works Cited 

1453 words(4.2 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		We Shouldn't Eat Animal Based Products
	

 - To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear. (Buddha)   I have lived the majority of my life outside of the United States, but there is no place the feels more like home to me than this country. This is why I am saddened by the poor physical health of my fellow countrymen and women (though this problem affects all of the world). Heart disease, diabetes and strokes plague this country. Nearly everyone in the United States seems to have heart disease that “runs in the family”, including myself....   [tags: health, environment, food]
:: 3 Works Cited 

1090 words(3.1 pages)

Better Essays

[preview]






		Healthy Eating Habits:  Organic Vegan Diet
	

 - ... It is also known that each and every quarter-pound of meat in a hamburger requires 6.7 pounds of grains and other forms of forage, 52.8 gallons of drinking water and water for irrigating the livestocks feed, 74.5 square feet of land for roaming, grazing and growing their feeding crops, and an astounding 1,036 Btus of fossil fuel energy for the production and transport of feed and livestock (“A Nation”). Growing feed requires a lot of fuel to be burned in order to produce fertilizer and grow feed....   [tags: animal products, genetically modified food]

1689 words(4.8 pages)

Better Essays

[preview]






		Lean Mean Vegan Machine
	

 - Not many people used to know what a vegan was. Veganism was a completely new idea and has only just started to gather momentum in the last few years. A man named Donald Watson, originally from England, was the first person to found the vegan movement in 1944. This vegan movement emphasized the moral, spiritual, social, health and economic advantages of being vegan. Watson realized he would never eat meat again when he saw a pig get slaughtered on his family farm, and has not for seventy eight years (Rodger 1)....   [tags: Veganism, Animal Products, Diet, Health]
:: 6 Works Cited 

1263 words(3.6 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		Why Go Vegan?
	

 - ... Michael F. Roizen, MD believes that eating a vegetarian diet will add at least 13 years to your lifespan. It’s been proven that the people of Okinawa, Japan, have the longest life expectancy of any Japanese and according to a 30-year study of more than 600 Okinawan centenarians by eating a low-calorie diet of unrefined complex carbohydrates, fiber-rich fruits and vegetables, and soy. 	Surprisingly another positive impact that is unknown can help yourself and the earth, veganism helps to reduce pollution....   [tags: lifestyle choices, no eating any animal products]
:: 4 Works Cited 

783 words(2.2 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		Mislabling of Fur Products
	

 - ... Canada’s Textile and Labeling Laws demand fur farm manufacturers to state when fur is being used in merchandise. However, is not required to state the type of fur. Canada’s government refuses to change the current legislation. Even with the banning in other countries, there was still a loophole in the federal law. Any fur garments that have a price value lower than $150 are allowed to be unlabeled. Therefore, products that have any type of fur trim or detail (merchandise that comes from China or Canada) can easily get into countries that do not allow it, “leaving consumers in the dark as to whether they are buying faux or animal fur” the Humane Society of the United States claimed....   [tags: manufacturers, regulation, animal]

645 words(1.8 pages)

Better Essays

[preview]






		Consumers Beware: Safety in Cosmetic Products
	

 - Introduction 	All cosmetics companies need to ban or stop animal testing altogether, and stop making animals suffer for human benefit. Even though it is just women buying these cosmetics, the harm extends beyond them and affects a wider scope including anyone buying household items. The harm is extensive, often not apparent right away, but the vast amount of dangerous chemicals inside these products could be doing harm unknowingly. By eliminating harmful ingredients in CoverGirl cosmetics then animal testing will significantly be reduced as well as the harm it has to consumers and the animals....   [tags: animal testing, switching to natural ingredients]
:: 12 Works Cited 

1914 words(5.5 pages)

Term Papers

[preview]






		Animal Research Is Not Helping Humans
	

 - Animal Research Animals are currently being tested all over the world. They are being tested for things such as cosmetics, prescriptions drugs, and used for scientific testing. It is estimated that over 100 million animals are used for testing. Rats, mice, guinea pigs, rabbits, and monkeys are common animals used to test newly developed products. These testing procedures and conditions in which these animal must live are widely scrutinized among animal activists. There are many heated debates on whether or not animals should be used for testing....   [tags: products, testing, experiments]

1570 words(4.5 pages)

Powerful Essays

[preview]






		Cruel and Inhuman ways of  Animal Testing
	

 - Animal testing is a cruel and inhumane action that humans cause by holding different kinds of animals captive in small cells and testing dangerous and toxic chemicals on them. “More than 100 million animals are poisoned, burned, crippled,and abused in other ways in the U.S labs each year” (PETA Top Five Shocking) because they are being tested. Dangerous and toxic chemicals are tested on the animals to make sure it won’t harm  humans. Some animals don’t last very long because the chemicals kill them very quickly and painfully....   [tags: cleaning products, animals, cosmetic act]
:: 9 Works Cited 

1269 words(3.6 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		Animal Testing in the Makeup Industry
	

 - Introduction Animal testing has continued to be used throughout the makeup industry, with over 200 main stream brands actively testing on animals (PeTA, 2012). Some of which include prestigious brands such as Clinique, Elizabeth Arden and Lancôme. The need for change comes as animals are continuously being exploited by these large companies. For all the testing of cosmetics and toiletry products on animals has been banned in the UK, laboratories that use mice, rats, birds, reptiles and amphibians are exempted from the minimal protections under the Animal Welfare Act (AWA)....   [tags: Cosmetic, Toiletry Products, Testing, Makeup]
:: 13 Works Cited 

2317 words(6.6 pages)

Powerful Essays

[preview]






		Letter to Lóreal Canada Regarding Avoiding Animal Testing
	

 - DATE: April 03, 2014 TO: K. Voltan, Vice President FROM: Rob Geis, Marketing Executive SUBJECT: Higher Demand for Non-Animal Tested Cosmetic Products INTRODUCTION L’Oréal Canada and Animal Testing There has been some controversy regarding L’Oréal Canada and their use of animal testing in their cosmetic products. For certifications regarding safety, we currently possess 86% of manufacturing facilities that are either OHSAS 18001 or VPP certified. (L’Oréal Canada, 2014) Safety is a priority for us at L’Oréal Canada to ensure that our products are safe for our consumers so that they can enjoy the beauty of our cosmetic products....   [tags: Cosmetics, Cruelty-free, Products]
:: 10 Works Cited 

2481 words(7.1 pages)

Research Papers

[preview]






		The Evils of Cosmetic Animal Testing
	

 - A lot of people buy cosmetic products being ignorant to the fact that, that one product has killed a lot of animals. How would you like being sprayed with poisonous liquids, taking poisonous eye drops?, or being fed toxic substances. Cosmetic factories have been doing these  inhumane things and more to innocent animals for years. According to PETA, every year, millions of animals are poisoned and killed in barbaric tests that were crudely developed as long ago as the 1920s to evaluate the toxicity of consumer products and their ingredients....   [tags: Cosmetic Products]
:: 4 Works Cited 

2144 words(6.1 pages)

Powerful Essays

[preview]






		The Production, Distribution, and Consumption of Turkey Meat Products
	

 - Thanksgiving is an annual national holiday marked by religious observances and a traditional meal including turkey. In Charles Mann’s National Geographic article, America Found and Lost, discussed the first known Thanksgiving holiday dinner in English America. It was celebrated on December 4th, 1619 at Berkely Hundred, a brand new plantation around thirty miles west of James town. During the first Thanksgiving dinner the colonists ate a rather large feast which most likely involved the consumption of turkey meat....   [tags: Animal Agriculture, Poultry Industry]
:: 10 Works Cited 

1455 words(4.2 pages)

Powerful Essays

[preview]






		 Animal Testing is Unnecessary and Cruel
	

 - Carrots the rabbit has been under experimentations for almost all of his life. He has to suffer so someone can wash his or her hair. The makers of Dove shampoo are probably going to shove shampoo down his throat his reaction to it. Even if the rabbit lives through the experiment, there still going to kill him to see what happened to his organs. If this were a human being experimented on, people would be mesmerized. Scientist are debating whether shoving shampoo down a rabbits throat is effective....   [tags:  Animal Testing, Animals, Animal rights]

479 words(1.4 pages)

Good Essays

[preview]






		Animal Experimentation Description and Analysis
	

 - Animal testing has been the primary source of testing for diseases, as well as for finding treatments for many years. Often times, these animals are given different medications in various doses without a thought that they are living, breathing creatures just like humans. The end result is usually a small break in medicine and a large number of innocent animals losing their lives. Animal experimentation should not be allowed because the way animals are treated is inhumane, the experiments are wasteful and unreliable, and there are other alternatives that do not harm animals....   [tags: animal testing, animal dealers, animals]
:: 6 Works Cited 

1041 words(3 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		Taking a Stand For Animal Rights
	

 - Man created our human rights of people and it is only man that uses this concept. The human race needs to have the obligation to set limits for animal rights. The development of rights for our animals should be an effective and a possible concept that can legally be looked at. We must set a guideline for legal limits to humans when it comes to animals and their rights. If not then there can be no way to prosecute legal issues that arise for those who overstep the limits. Animals are vulnerable, defenseless and are controlled by us people to enforce animal rights....   [tags: Animal Rights ]

1613 words(4.6 pages)

Powerful Essays

[preview]






		Animal Testing Should Be Banned
	

 - Did you know that the shampoo you use was probably forced down the throat of a rabbit, cat, or maybe even a dog. Each year, millions of animals are used to test how safe and effective products, such as cosmetics, are. They are genetically modified, force-fed harmful chemicals, blinded, scalded, and maimed. How could one not object to this awful cruelty. Animal testing should be banned because it is cruel, unnecessary, inaccurate, and expensive. 	The very first reason why animal testing should be banned is elementary: it is cruel and unnecessary....   [tags: Animal Rights]

538 words(1.5 pages)

Good Essays

[preview]






		 Detrimental Aspects of Animal Experimentation
	

 - An intense and polarizing deliberation concerning the issue of animal experimentation and the utilization in research has been raging for years. This issue often catches newspaper headlines and strikes the heart of the American public. The opinion of advocates of animal research and the opinion of those who oppose it are quite visible in the media. Both sides tirelessly strive in advancing their unique beliefs. So far as this discussion is specifically focused on the attainment of favorable legislation by one side or the other, special interest groups have been formed by both parties in order to sway the legislators and numerous bureaucrats to their desired side....   [tags:  Animal Rights]
:: 8 Works Cited 

2177 words(6.2 pages)

Term Papers

[preview]






		Animal Testing is Cruel and Flawed
	

 - Animal testing is the use of non-human animals for scientific experimentation. There are estimates that 50 to 100 million vertebrate animals worldwide from zebra fish to on-human primates are used annually. Much larger numbers of invertebrates are used even flies and worms are used has model organisms are very important, experiments on invertebrates are largely unregulated and not included in statistics. Animals are euthanized after being used in a experiment. Some of these animals are purpose-bred and others are caught in the wild or they are supplied by dealers who obtain them from auctions and pounds....   [tags: Animal Cruelty, Argument, Animal Rights]

1229 words(3.5 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		 The History of American Home Products
	

 - The History of American Home Products       American Home Products Corporation (AHP) was founded in 1926 and has a history of continuous acquisitions of smaller companies that made proprietary medicines. In 1931, AHP purchased John Wyeth & Brother, Inc. from Harvard University. Another important acquisition was that of Canada’s Ayerst Laboratories in 1943. Ayerst was a large pharmaceutical company that had introduced Premarin, the world’s first conjugated estrogen product, and now the most widely prescribed product in the United States (ahp.com)....   [tags:  American Home Products Corporation Essays]
:: 12 Works Cited 

2273 words(6.5 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		Animal Experimentation Issues and Alternatives
	

 - 1. INTRODUCTION Currently, Animals experimentation is becoming a controversial topic. As millions of creatures have been tested to benefit human life. A simple definition of this procedure is observing scientific laboratory examinations on live animals. There are many campaigns around the world which reject these tests and request the alternatives. They believe that this kind of experimentation is harmful for people as much as it is cruel to animals while others argue these experiments are substantial for humans live as they are used in important medical research....   [tags: Animal Rights ]
:: 9 Works Cited 

2266 words(6.5 pages)

Term Papers

[preview]






		Animal Testing in Cosmetics
	

 - Simple household items such as lotions, shampoos and cosmetics aren’t very expensive and are within reach for the public, yet the public is not knowledgeable of the fact that the products that they use everyday are put through a series of tests which involve the use of harmless animals. Several large commercial companies do not make products for animals; they decide that using these harmless creatures for the testing of their products, could be cause to be harmful to animals still go forward with these types of procedures on an everyday basis....   [tags: Animal Rights]

1021 words(2.9 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		We Must Stop Animal Research and Animal Testing
	

 - ... Man’s best friend. Dogs are very popular candidates for toxicology and disease studies. The same creatures that are kept as house pets, the same kind, loving animals that are trained to aid the blind, help the deaf and be life companions to those with disabilities. Dog’s do so much for people and how do we repay them. By using them to test products not intended for their use or worse killing them for our own discovery. In laboratories dogs are force fed drugs and pesticides in order to assess the effects of ingesting toxic doses of certain chemicals....   [tags: animal abuse, cosmetics]
:: 8 Works Cited 

1532 words(4.4 pages)

Term Papers

[preview]






		The Differences in Human and Animal Genes
	

 - ... Modern technology diminished radiation exposure to astronauts, thus proving Nasa’s experiment useless and only damages the animal. 	The methods scientists and researchers use for testing medicine dates back to the middle of the 1900s, and with todays technology, the methods service decreases. The strength of the medicine today contrast with the ones in the 1940s, which increases the difficulty of relying on animals reactions to certain medicines. For example, “in the monoclonal drug trial in which tests on monkeys at 500 times the standard dose failed to predict the monstrous effects on the human trial volunteers” because the medicine advances and the animals reactions follows and adapts...   [tags: animal testing, cosmetics, animals]

755 words(2.2 pages)

Better Essays

[preview]






		 Animal Testing is Animal Cruelty
	

 - Animal Testing is Animal Cruelty   We, as humans, have made numerous advancements in the world. We have firmly established the scientific evolution, but in doing so, it seems that our ethics and morals have failed to progress as well. The knowledge we have acquired is remarkable, but with it comes responsibility to use it wisely and ethically. We torture and heartlessly kill creatures that we arrogantly consider lesser beings simply at our disposal. For something as simple as eye makeup animals are tortured and blinded by tests performed at the laboratory....   [tags: Animal Testing]

5528 words(15.8 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		Animal Testing: Who is the real beast?
	

 - Animal experimentation is a process involving the immoral and unethical treatment of animals in order to test the toxicity of a new product prior to its public release. The online biology dictionary describes it in the following manner: ‘’ Animal experimentation is  the use of animals in experiments and development projects usually to determine toxicity, dosing  and efficacy of  test drugs before proceeding to human clinical trials.’’ (Biology Online/Dictionary/Animal testing) Throughout history, animal experimentation has played a captious role in leading to advanced medical discoveries and human benefit....   [tags: Animal Rights]

1131 words(3.2 pages)

Good Essays

[preview]






		Lab Research in Animal Testing
	

 - ... The end result of this procedure is death to the animal undergoing the horrid activity. The LD50 test is used to calculate the median lethal dose of a substance by force feeding the designated substance to a defined population of animals until 50 percent of them die. (AAVS) Animals are living beings, and experimentation takes a considerable toll on the animal’s life even resulting in the death of the animal. It is not natural what these animals have to endure and it is no longer necessary. Animals in laboratories are treated as objects that can be manipulated for our own needs....   [tags: animal abuse, animal rights, inhumane treatment]
:: 3 Works Cited 

666 words(1.9 pages)

Better Essays

[preview]






		Case Study: The Benefits of Animal Testing 
	

 - Nine year old Amy has already had a rough start in life. She was born with an abnormal heart that hinders her everyday activities. Amy is unable to keep up with kids her own age because she often tires out easily. As a consequence, she has very little friends and is often alone. Amy is forced to take different medications everyday just to survive. Amy’s life consists of medicine, doctors, and constant hospital visits. However, Amy is due for a heart transplant that will save her life. The transplant goes extremely well and now Amy has the opportunity to go to high school and live a normal teenage life....   [tags: Animal Rights ]
:: 5 Works Cited 

1715 words(4.9 pages)

Powerful Essays

[preview]






		Animal Testing: Is it Right or Wrong?
	

 - Animal Testing- Is it Right or Wrong. Everyday, people all around the world use facial products, receive vaccinations and take antibiotics or medications that have been previously tested on animals. Rarely people think about whether or not animals have been tortured to use the products that they are using, but simply only think of themselves and their own well-being. “An estimated 26 million animals are used each year in the United States for scientific and commercial testing” (ProCon.org). Innocent creatures are taken advantage of, for the sake of human health....   [tags: animal cruelty and abuse]
:: 6 Works Cited 

1377 words(3.9 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		The Infringement of Animal Rights
	

 - Throughout history animal testing has had a very important role in finding new discoveries and helping save human lives. However, the companies providing these test tend to ignore the fact that animals are having to suffer unimaginable pain during these experiments. Some scientist believe that animals are non-human, so the pain they suffer does not matter (DeCoux, Elizabeth). Companies put animals through unnecessary torture for human benefit and selfish intentions. Animals have rights and humans are ignoring these rights as if they do not exist....   [tags: animal testing, animals, experimentation]
:: 5 Works Cited 

1155 words(3.3 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		Animal Testing: A True Ethical Dilemma
	

 - Imagine a life locked away in a cage with no form of control on your existence. It’s cold, dark, and you are scared. You don’t have a choice of what you eat, where you live, or how you are treated. You are unsure if it is day or night or what will happen to you next. You are locked away in a prison cell and you committed no crime. This is the life of a laboratory animal. Animal testing is the use of animals for scientific research purposes and experiments. It can be used for the findings of cures and medicines to testing new drugs, to understanding the behavioral psychology of the animals themselves....   [tags: Animal Rights]
:: 7 Works Cited 

1612 words(4.6 pages)

Powerful Essays

[preview]






		Use of Animal in Scientific Research
	

 - “Maybe not wrong for everyone---it was clearly a complicated and individual choice---but wrong for me” (McCarthy 638). The use of animals in scientific research provokes ethical issues and casts doubt on the reliability of using animals in testing. Alternatives to animal testing are accessible and should be used instead of living animals. 	The personal choices dealing with animal testing proposes ethical issues that make people use their intuition. The preservation of life is choice. Poste says, “A hallmark of humanity is our ability to care about other species” (Poste)....   [tags: Animal Testing, Alternatives]
:: 5 Works Cited 

1356 words(3.9 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		The Controversy Over Animal Testing
	

 - From when you are a baby to when you are an adult animal testing is used in your everyday products. From the Pampers you put on as a baby and the Johnson and Johnson you are washed with. To when you are older the Febreeze, Sunsilk, and Gillette you use.( Companies That do Test on Animals)  Animal testing surrounds you in every act of life. “The guess is around 100 million animals are used worldwide in animal testing.” (Animal Rights)  Animal testing is rooted from natural curiosity. How the insides of a living organism operate and look is an interesting idea....   [tags: animal rights, argumentative, persuasive]
:: 11 Works Cited 

1885 words(5.4 pages)

Better Essays

[preview]






		The Horrors of Animal Testing
	

 - ... What’s even more horrifying is that no animal experiment is illegal, and therefore these ‘tests’ can be completely irrelevant to human health, and no matter how painful or cruel the test may be to animals it is completely legal. Some companies that test their products on animals include Almay, Johnson & Johnson, Clearasil, Axe, Lancôme (owned by L’Oréal), and Pantene (owned by Procter & Gamble). The European Union (composed of 28 European countries) and India have both banned animal testing in their countries....   [tags: animal abuse and exploitation]

531 words(1.5 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		Animal Testing: Right or Wrong? Jeremy Bentham
	

 - “The question is not, ‘Can they reason?’ nor, ‘Can they talk?’ but rather, ‘Can they suffer?’’ This quote by Jeremy Bentham, a British philosopher and animal rights activist refers to the unjust treatments of animals and their helplessness towards the cruelty they suffer from humans. Animal testing should be banned because it is not proven that the product is safe even after being tested by animals, the living conditions lab animals are required to be in are not healthy for any animal, and newer technology can be used as a substitute for animal testing....   [tags: animal model, animal research]
:: 6 Works Cited 

1112 words(3.2 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		The Negatives of Animal Testing
	

 - Many people may not realize that the majority of products in their own home have been tested on animals; from lipstick and shampoo to dish soap and foot powder. Even the white ink on an M&M has been tested on animals. To some, this statement may be alarming and even disturbing – to others it may not mean much at all. Either way, the debate over animal testing has gained much popularity in recent decades. Animal testing has been done since at least 500 BC; even Aristotle experimented on animals for scientific reasoning....   [tags: animal rights and abuse]
:: 3 Works Cited 

1042 words(3 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		 Animal experimentation in the UK
	

 - Animal experimentation, also known as animal research and animal testing, is an experimental procedure in which animals are used within academic, scientific, research, biological and commercial establishments. It is when using live animals is considered legal, protected and regulated by law, because their ability to benefit humans is very important. Moreover, people of the world have improved their understanding about their lives, their health, the problems related to health and how to solve them, how to prevent them in the future by carrying out such experiments on animals....   [tags:  Ethical Issues, Animal Testing]

2477 words(7.1 pages)

Powerful Essays

[preview]






		The Horrors of Animal Testing
	

 - ... Scientists have put all their faith in ambiguous animal “models” that do not necessarily translate to humans (American). Animal studies are said to be “flawed by design,” but there has been an unprecedented increase in funding for biomedical research on animals and there has been no success (American). This reliance on animal experimentation is impeding and delaying discoveries (American). Yet scientists still push forward in their research; not because it has been proven to be the best science, but because of the personal biases held by the experimenters and their archaic traditions (Peta)....   [tags: animal abuse and exploitation]

954 words(2.7 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		The Harm of Animal Testing
	

 - Throughout history, animal testing has played an important role in leading to new discoveries and human benefit. However, what many people forget are the great numbers of animals that have suffered serious harm during the process of animal testing. Animal testing is the use of animals in biological, medical, and psychological studies. The development and enhancement of medical research has been based on the testing of animals. There are many questions being asked if animal research is good or not or if the benefit for us is way greater the abuse of animals....   [tags: Animal Rights, Medical Research]
:: 7 Works Cited 

1115 words(3.2 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		Animal Testing: Pros and Cons
	

 - The ethical treatment and testing on animals is a widely controversial subject in the field of zoology. Views on animal testing range from positivity to full negativity. Animals such as mice and rats have been found to have psychological and genetic similarities that relate to humans which make them perfect for the experimental trials. Before various products are put out for humans consumption, animals are the most common way for companies to see if their new inventions work. The benefits and improvements to modern medicine as a result of animal testing should be weighed heavily against the harmful and toxic ingredients used in such experiments and their detrimental effects on test subject...   [tags: Animal Testing Debate]
:: 8 Works Cited 

1030 words(2.9 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		Animal Experimentation: Hero or Villain?
	

 - In Egypt during 300 BC, a man by the name of Erasistratus conducted a study to see what happened to body fluids that had been extracted. How he conducted this experiment differed from other anatomists previous attempts. Instead of testing on humans, he put birds in concealed boxes and restricted them from receiving food. Erasistratus’ new sense of observing went down in history as the first recorded usage of animal experimentation (Soave). Animal testing has since happened all over the world. As time has drawn on, people have made this a controversial topic and have debated whether a animal experimentation is truly acceptable or unacceptable in a society like ours today....   [tags: Animal Testing, Costs, Humans]
:: 9 Works Cited 

1790 words(5.1 pages)

Powerful Essays

[preview]






		Animal Testing Should Be Banned
	

 - Animal testing for human safety is inhumane and must be banned. Beloved house pets such as rodents, rabbits and even dogs are being tested on all over the world. These powerless and voiceless animals are intentionally given dreadful diseases to find cures while scientists could be finding alternative ways of testing instead of using our furry friends. Furthermore, the tests are not precise because there have been products found to cause cancer in animals but also cures human ailments. Why are humans authorised to conduct such inhumane things, who gave humans the power of heartlessly torturing feeble animals....   [tags: Negative Effects of Animal Testing]
:: 5 Works Cited 

663 words(1.9 pages)

Good Essays

[preview]






		The Cons of Animal Testing
	

 - At this moment, millions of animals know cold cages in laboratories as home, but why. Some of these animals are subjects for medical research purposes, while others are used out of pure curiosity and to test different products. Majority of these animals are used in painful experiments and are left in agony. While many of them die, a few animals survive, but these unfortunate ones wish they could be put out of their misery as well. Although scientists have resources they could use to lower the pain each animal endures and even alternatives of their test subjects, millions of innocent creatures are still suffering....   [tags: Animal Testing Essays]
:: 7 Works Cited 

1354 words(3.9 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		Is Animal Testing Wrong or Right?
	

 - Ninety two percent of all animal testing that is effective on animals are ineffective on humans (ASPCA). Despite this alarming statistic, scientists still use animals in these experiments. Scientist give the animals no choice in whether they or going to be used in an experiment. Animal testing is when scientist use products, vaccinations or other things they develop for humans and use on animals. Scientist use all types of animals, but the most common are rats, mice, birds, reptiles and amphibians (ASPCA)....   [tags: scientists experiments, animal testing, cosmetics]
:: 4 Works Cited 

968 words(2.8 pages)

Better Essays

[preview]






		Animal Abuse and Neglect
	

 - Animal rights imply that animals have a right to their own life just as we do; that they are not ours to mess around with. To an extremist this argument also means we must maintain a vegetarian diet, not wearing leather or fur, and not keeping animals as pets. A moderate animal protection says that our responsibility toward animals is that we have a moral obligation not to cause them unnecessary pain. A large issue is animal testing. “More than 25 million vertebrate animals are used in testing in the United States each year....   [tags: Animal Cruelty, ASPCA]

1094 words(3.1 pages)

Good Essays

[preview]






		Animal Testing for Research
	

 - All over the planet, animals are locked in cages, away from their habitat and against their will, in testing laboratories where they just seat defenseless and in fear for the unknown. It is a common practice that animals are used for medical testing in order to find compatibility chemicals to either, cure certain diseases, or as simple as hair products and skin cosmetics. The use of these types of chemicals in animals is to prevent testing on humans and cause some type of injury due to incompatible organism with the human body....   [tags: human society, animal experimentation]
:: 2 Works Cited 

861 words(2.5 pages)

Better Essays

[preview]






		Horrors of Animal Testing
	

 - Animal testing for human safety is inhumane and must be banned. Beloved house pets such as rodents, rabbits and even dogs are being tested on all over the world. These powerless and voiceless animals are intentionally given dreadful diseases to find cures while scientists could be finding alternative ways of testing instead of using our furry friends. Furthermore, the tests are not precise because there have been products found to cause cancer in animals but also cures human ailments. Why are humans authorised to conduct such inhumane things, who gave humans the power of heartlessly torturing feeble animals....   [tags: Animal Testing Essays]
:: 7 Works Cited 

648 words(1.9 pages)

Better Essays

[preview]






		Animal Abuse and Cruelty
	

 - ... They also feel. I'd like to make people change their minds about animals and make them start loving them just as they love their family members or friends. Humanity's true moral test, its fundamental test…consists of its attitude towards those who are at its mercy: animals (Kundera, 2002). How would you feel if they mistreated you, hit you, kicked you, and made you feel like if you were worthless. Awful, right. So how do you think animals feel when they´re abused. Just like you do. Animals can also feel pain, sadness, confusion, mercy....   [tags: animal rights and exploitation]

679 words(1.9 pages)

Better Essays

[preview]






		Animal Testing Must Be Banned
	

 - ... Animals are force-fed this substance (1). Why would we want to put poor animals in this kind of pain for no reason. Animals to the society can be their world. Animal lovers in the society would probably give their all just to make their animals happy. Animals should not have to be guinea pigs to the scientists. Human and animal testing agrees only five-twenty five percent of the time, according to the Huntington Life Sciences (1). 88% of stillbirths are due to drugs posed to be safe in animal testing (1)....   [tags: pain, medicine, animal welfare act]

1020 words(2.9 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		The Ethics of Animal Testing for Vaccine Development and Potential Alternatives  
	

 - ... This drug was responsible for the deaths of more than one hundred people. This incident and other similar cases resulted in the passing of the 1938 Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, which required that all drugs must be tested on animals to ensure safety before they could become available.1  Such incidents emphasize the importance of animal testing with regard to human health. Once laws were set in place that required animal testing as an effort to ensure public safety, the proper treatment of these animals and issues such as animal cruelty became a greater concern....   [tags: animal abuse]
:: 11 Works Cited 

1978 words(5.7 pages)

Term Papers

[preview]






		Animal Testing Used to Aid Human Development Should Be Decreased to a Minimum
	

 - ... This amount does not include animals that have been purposely bred to be used in experiments or the animals turned down for not being adequate. If these animals were also included in the annual statistics, the number of animals used in experiments would increase by millions. These innocent creatures have to suffer for the benefits of humans. 	Animal testing has assisted in the improvement of the duration and the condition of our lives. The most important benefit to humans from animal testing is the medical advancements....   [tags: animal abuse, animal rights]

843 words(2.4 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		We Need to Stop Animal Testing
	

 - ... Laws were passed designed to ensure that cages are warm, clean and large enough for the animals to turn around, stand, and lie down. The reason why corporations, and scientists still till this day use animal testing to try to find out if a drug or cosmetics are going to work on humans. Studies have also shown that animals have similarities to humans in many ways such as intelligence. In the article “Animal Intelligence” written by Marcia Clemmitt states that “Australian scientists reported one of the most remarkable feats of animal intelligence to date” (Clemmitt 2)....   [tags: animal abuse, cosmetics]
:: 5 Works Cited 

1310 words(3.7 pages)

Better Essays

[preview]






		Animal Testing
	

 - Every year, animals are subjected to cruel and unnecessary experimentation. According to the USDA, “between 1990-1997 research labs registered with the USDA reported killing at least 12,895,885 dogs, cats, primates, guinea pigs, hamsters, rabbits, bears, armadillos, squirrels, wild rodents and other species. This doesn't include non USDA registered labs” (“Wikianswers”). Lab animals are cut up and tortured to death all in the name of science. How can we as fellow animal species continue to allow this to happen....   [tags: Animal Rights]
:: 4 Works Cited 

807 words(2.3 pages)

Better Essays

[preview]






		Animal Cruelty
	

 - Animal cruelty is any act of violence or neglect against an animal. A few things one may have seen are an animal tied up outside for all hours of the day with no food or water or maybe a person has seen an owner purposely hit their dog. Animals, like humans, have feelings and reactions to the way they are handled: abused animals could become dangerous to society. 	Society most often defines animal cruelty as the infliction of physical pain, suffering, or death upon an animal when not necessary for purposes of training, discipline, or to procure food (MSPCA Angell 1)....   [tags: Animal Rights]
:: 8 Works Cited 

2290 words(6.5 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		Animal Experimentation
	

 - Animal Experimentation has been a debated topic for decades. While most scientists claim that it is necessary, animal activists believe it is inhumane. Both groups have tenacious arguments, but scientists have no real proof that their successes could not have been achieved without animal testing. As a result, the argument against animal experimentation proves to be more effective. 	In the past and even now, it appears that many medical advances have been discovered using animal testing. Although this is accepted to be true, the important issue is whether the same innovations could have occurred without the use of animals....   [tags: Animal Rights ]
:: 7 Works Cited 

948 words(2.7 pages)

Good Essays

[preview]






		Animal Dilemma
	

 - Every year there are tens of millions of animals like rats, dogs, birds, and farm animals that are killed to discover new information on medical discoveries, product testing, and for educational purposes. Many believe animal testing is inhumane because just like humans, animals feel pain as well, but others believe we should not treat animals as moral equals. However, in the recent years there have been new products introduced to decrease the use of animal testing or even possibly completely stopping it....   [tags: Animal Rights]
:: 6 Works Cited 

929 words(2.7 pages)

Better Essays

[preview]






		Animal Rights: Do They Deserve Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness?
	

 - ... Instead of finding a common ground for the wellbeing of animals activists go to the extreme. Extreme activism such as breaking the law, destruction, threats or outrageous statements does not urge people to want to listen without thinking majority of animal activist are senseless. For example Lee and Ames noted that in 2004 Jerry Vlasak went so far as to say “Killing ten or fifteen researchers would be worth saving the lives of a million animals.”  The reason why majority of animal right activists are entirely against animals being used in testing and experiments is understandable, but likewise the reason that scientist feel that animal testing is an essential....   [tags: animal testing, animal abuse]
:: 5 Works Cited 

661 words(1.9 pages)

Better Essays

[preview]






		Negotiating Thanksgiving: An Animal Rights Perspective
	

 - For every vegetarian or vegan, Thanksgiving is a logistical and emotional minefield. Of course, the centerpiece of the traditional American meal is the turkey, and quite often older relatives, especially relatives whose identity revolves around their cooking like my grandmother, feel hurt and offended if vegetarians do not partake of their cooking. In past years, I tried a number of strategies to hold true to my beliefs about living a cruelty-free existence, while still treating my meat-eating relatives with respect....   [tags: holidays, animal rights, vegetarians, ]

1335 words(3.8 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		Animal Cruelty
	

 - Animals are subjects to inhumane treatment by the hands of many individuals, however there is little done in order to protect them from this form of physical and neglectful treatment. Though there are several laws against this type of conduct, a great deal of animal abuse is unforeseen and these animals are victims whom cannot protect themselves. The state of New York describes felony animal cruelty as, “intentionally and without just cause seriously injuring or killing an animal” (Iannacone 2011)....   [tags: Animal Rights ]
:: 2 Works Cited 

952 words(2.7 pages)

Better Essays

[preview]






		Animal Experimentation
	

 - I have always had a great admiration for animals. Being an animal owner of two dogs, I believe that they are a friend of the human and both benefit from each other in the sense of company and joy. They are also great contributors to the balance of the eco system. These are some of the various reasons why I chose this topic. In this research paper I will inform you, the reader of the horrible experiences that innocent animals have to endure due to the fact that supporters believe that animal experimenting is a humane method of bettering our lives....   [tags: Animal Rights ]

1831 words(5.2 pages)

Powerful Essays

[preview]






		Animal Testing is Animal Cruelty
	

 - Animal Testing is Animal Cruelty The way I look at animal testing is a form hateful cruelty. None of these people care about if it hurts or kills the animals. The cruelty has been going on long enough and I think it is time to stop. What people do not know is that animal’s react a different way to drugs as humans do, so scientist cannot apply the results to humans. Many animals go through screaming, unbearable, horrific; you cannot even imagine pain when they go through test for products that you use every day such as: Cosmetics, Household Products, Medical Products, even Iams dog products....   [tags: Animal Rights]
:: 3 Works Cited 

1883 words(5.4 pages)

Term Papers

[preview]






		Animal Rights and the Dominant Worldview toward Animals
	

 - Our world today is becoming less and less aware of the pain and suffering being inflicted on animals. In outcome, animals are becoming even more and more tarred in society. Humans have and is continuing to handle animals as if they are some kind of material goods. This is considered as being immoral, as animals have their own lives, and they think, have feelings, can feel pain, require love, have families, and everything else that humans possess. The General Assembly of the United Nations adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in 1948....   [tags: animal rights, treatment, humane,]
:: 8 Works Cited 

1949 words(5.6 pages)

Term Papers

[preview]






		 Animal Experimentation
	

 - Two months ago I went to see the film “Rise of the Planet of Apes” at the theater. This film was about chimpanzees that were exposed to animal research to find a cure for Alzheimer’s disease. Consequently, one of the chimpanzees tested with the Alzheimer’s cure developed an enhanced genetic intelligence that lead to the freedom of the other captive chimpanzees. Although this film was a science fiction movie, during the film, there were scenes that depicted cruelty towards chimpanzees. These scenes made me concerned about how inhumane people are towards research chimpanzees....   [tags:  Ethics, Animal Cruelty, Chimpanzees]

1546 words(4.4 pages)

Better Essays

[preview]






		 Animal Cruelty
	

 - Is animal testing cruelty or science. This is the question that many people ask to themselves, and is one of the many controversial topics in today’s society. In my point of view animal testing is cruelty because animals can’t talk for themselves so they get kill and hurt, and we also violated their right by doing this. Anjo a member of the Animal Liberation Front (ALF) said “Animals feel pain; they have a right to decent life” (Nancy Day 2000, pg.12). It is difficult to determine how many animals are used for research, but experts agree the number is declining....   [tags:  Science Experiment, Animal Testing]

1901 words(5.4 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		Medical Testing on Animals is Considered Animal Cruelty
	

 - ... Animals are very different from humans and react differently. "All drugs that have been pulled off the market because they caused severe illness or death in human patients were previously tested on other animals."(Problems With Animal Experimentations) Certain medicines have certain effects on animals but not humans, or medicines can have no effect on animals but have a strong effect on humans. For example, morphine calms humans, excites cats, penicillin kills guinea pigs and hamsters, and cortisone causes birth defects in mice but not humans....   [tags: scientific research, opponents of animal testing]

1021 words(2.9 pages)

Better Essays

[preview]






		 Animal Testing in the United States
	

 - Millions of animals die each year in the United States due to animal testing. Animals are used in laboratories to test chemicals in products and also used in research for the study of diseases such as cancer and AIDS. Unfortunately, these animals suffer tremendously while being experimented on and afterwards they are commonly put to death. The government has established legislation which gives certain guidelines for animal in laboratories, but it does not apply to every animal. The government even requires certain animal experimentation on specific products such as pesticides....   [tags:  Science Product Expirament Animal Rights]

1767 words(5 pages)

Powerful Essays

[preview]






		The Irrelevance of Animal Testing
	

 - The Irrelevance of Animal Testing  The practice of animal experimentation began when religious leaders condemned the dissection of human corpses. Human experimentation and dissection is not opposed anymore but animal experimentation still continues. Almost all new products, from drugs to cosmetic products go through an animal experimentation phase, but they are not required to. Though it may seem to be a good option as opposed to human experimentation, it is not. Animal experimentation uses billions of taxpayer dollars every year, hardly has any scientific relevance, and animal experimentation causes a huge deal of pain, suffering and death to animals....   [tags: Animal Testing]

550 words(1.6 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		 Animal Testing in the Research Field
	

 - Animal research, or animal testing, is the use of animals in scientific researches to study and develop drugs for the life-taking diseases that human beings contract. It has been practiced for hundreds of years. Animal testing helps produced many vaccines and other drugs, like penicillin, and thus, save many human lives. On the other hand, animal testing also causes pain and kills a lot of animals used during the researches that many people oppose this practice. Supporters show their support, while opponents show their oppositions toward this controversial issue that is still in debates today....   [tags:  Biology Medical Biomedical Animal Testing]
:: 6 Works Cited 

1403 words(4 pages)

Powerful Essays

[preview]






		 Animal Testing Kills
	

 - Hundreds of animals are dying everyday, and it can be avoided. Animal testing in thousands of companies is killing animals every  day. In the essay They Knew But Little , the Kentuckians didn't  care much about the environment, and today, there are still too  many people that don't see that animal testing is cruel and unnecessary. Toxicity tests are inconclusive. The Lethal Dose 50% test or LD- 50 forces increasing amounts of a test product until half of the  test group dies. Animals are fed or injected with cosmetic  products......   [tags: Animal Testing]

486 words(1.4 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		 Against Animal Testing
	

 - We all have a pet either is a dog named spot or a cat named fluffy would you wont some one to test medicine or cosmetic on your pet so why let them on some one else. Today I am going to tell you why animals testing is wrong, what the drug and cosmetic companies do to these poor creatures. Drug testing on animals is unnecessary because animals body never reacts to drug like humans. Drug and cosmetic companies are the biggest animal tester. They have a lot of drug recalled because animal testing didnt show that they where harmful....   [tags:  Animal Cruelty]

779 words(2.2 pages)

Better Essays

[preview]






		 History and Pros of Animal Testing
	

 - History and Pros of Animal Testing  Abstract: Animal research refers to the use of non-human animals for testing or experimenting on. The first recorded use of animals for testing started with the Greeks in the third and fourth century BC. The use of animals for testing is usually in the basic fields of; biomedical research, security, evaluation and education of a product. It is estimated that almost 50 million—100 million animals are tested on and killed annually, but this is usually done to make a product safer for humans....   [tags:  Biology Medical Biomedical Animal Testing]
:: 4 Works Cited 

1240 words(3.5 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		Animal Testing Ethics
	

 - Animal Testing Ethics     Is animal testing right or wrong. No one has really answered that so    far. Everyone has their own opinion about it. I personally think that    if we are not abusing the testing it should be allowed. I don't think    it is necessary to test animals for every little thing that goes on    the market but sure why not when it relates to a life or death thing    like cancer. How else would we make sure the medications wouldn’t kill    us. Safety tests are conducted on a wide range of chemicals and products,    including drugs, vaccines, cosmetics, household cleaners, pesticides,    foodstuffs, and packing materials....   [tags: Animal Testing]

655 words(1.9 pages)

Better Essays

[preview]






		Animal Testing: The Future of Pharmaceuticals
	

 - Millions of chemicals have been discontinued in everyday uses, such as in plant poisons, through animal testing, they have been donned to be unsafe for people and environment. Without animal testing, the general public would still be using these hazardous chemicals. Many humanitarians may be opposed to testing chemicals on animals, but if scientists didn’t test on animals, individuals would have to test the deadly chemicals or live in a world where people don’t know if the chemicals they are using are poisonous and lethal to the human society....   [tags: Animal Rights ]
:: 4 Works Cited 

1246 words(3.6 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		The Controversy of Animal Testing
	

 - Imagine being forced to move away from your home and from your   family with no say in the matter. You are moved to an unfamiliar environment   where you aren’t able to choose how you live your life. You don’t get to decide   when or what you will eat. You can’t choose what you will do with your time   and who you will spend it with. You are confined into a small area and you are   completely alone. These are the conditions that many animals are forced to live   under. Animal testing is defined as the use of non-human animals in research   and development projects (dictionary.com)....   [tags: Animal Rights]
:: 10 Works Cited 

1175 words(3.4 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		Animal Cruelty: The Bloody War
	

 - Animal Cruelty; the Bloody War Let the voiceless speak. Animals have roamed the harsh lands and glided through the rough waters for approximately 510 million years, while humans have only been around for an estimated 200,000 years (Cain/Ramel). The earth had been the Animal Kingdom for about 509 million years until Homo sapiens started appearing, growing as fast as bacteria. They became a part of the food chain, on top; their minds were far more complex than most of the animals. They were able to think deeper, their bipedality allowed them to hunt better, and of course, their opposable thumbs were a defiant advantage over these animals (Cain)....   [tags: Animal Rights ]
:: 8 Works Cited 

1469 words(4.2 pages)

Powerful Essays

[preview]






		 Animal Testing
	

 - Is it right to take the life of an innocent animal. Animals have been burnt, crushed, sliced, electrocuted, tortured with drugs, poisoned with toxic chemicals, and tormented in psychological testing. They do all these test just to make money or find if a chemical is safe for humans. Is this right. Lab experimentation involving animals is inhumane. Animal testing is cruel because an animal s life is just as important as a human s life, people are exploiting animals, and animal testing doesn’t t show whether or not a product is safe for humans....   [tags: Animal Testing]

418 words(1.2 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]






		 Animal Testing and Researching
	

 - Animal Testing and Researching   Animal testing is supported by some, but opposed to others. The growing number of animals used in research differs among the different countries. The fruit fly and nematode are the most used animal in testing. However, the most common mammals used in animal research are mice and rats. Shaved albino rabbits and guinea pigs suffer severe testing for skin irritancy and eye irritancy. Though the usage of non-human primates are outlawed in some countries, the U.S. still finds the need to use them....   [tags:  Biology Medical Biomedical Animal Testing]

1031 words(2.9 pages)

Strong Essays

[preview]




Your search returned over 400 essays for "animal products"
1  2  3  4  5    Next >> 





Search Our Free Directory

Please enter the title keyword:


Sort By: 
Most Relevant
Color Rating
Essay Length

 
















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





















