


American Greetings Corporation

 


































































FIND 
        A STORE     RECALLS   California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010 Compliance   LEGAL 
        INFORMATION       CONTACT 
        US
� 
      2016 AGC, LLC ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
  Follow Us: Twitter @AMGreetings  Facebook  Pinterest •  Blog 













Contact Us - American Greetings




 
























Contact American Greetings 
American Greetings Corporation
              One American Boulevard
              Cleveland, Ohio 44145-8151
              216.252.7300 
              Fax: 216.252.6778 
Corporate contacts 

Customer Service: 
                
AmericanGreetings.com / AG Interactive 800.711.4474
American 
                    Greetings Consumer Products Group 800.777.4891 
Consumer Inquiries 800-777-4891 




Media  Relations: 
                
Patrice Sadd 216.252.7300, ext. 2584




Investor 
                Relations: 216.252.4864 


 Jobs at American Greetings


To inquire about business development and partnership opportunities with AG Interactive, please contact our Business Development Office.


Retailer inquiries:
                    
Interested in Retailing American Greetings products?1.800.442.7662 
Retailer Financial Services for Billing and Invoicing questions 216.252.7300 ext 81734
Customer Service: 1.800.729.9188





Carlton Cards Retail Store Operations:

For feedback or comments about Carlton Cards or American Greetings stores or product, contact
                    
https://www.papyrusonline.com/customer-service 






Idea Submissions: We have a formal process for unsolicited idea submissions. If you would like American Greetings to review your idea, please download and complete our disclosure agreement. (PDF) You can mail your completed disclosure agreement and additional materials for consideration to the address provided.  We will review items we receive through this process approximately on a monthly basis. Materials submitted without the executed disclosure agreement will not be reviewed.
                
American Greetings does not accept unsolicited artwork, photography or writing submissions. If you wish to pursue a career at American Greetings or for freelance opportunities, click here.



American Greetings companies and products (U.S. and Canada only)            

Carlton 
                Cards Canada: 800.663.2273

* If your question or comment is about something not listed here, 
              please contact American Greetings Consumer Relations. 



 








FIND 
        A STORE         LEGAL 
        INFORMATION         CONTACT 
        US        � 
        2017 AGC, LLC  ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Follow Us: Twitter @AMGreetings  Facebook  Pinterest •  Blog



















About Us - American Greetings







































About Us  
As a leader in meaningful connections, American Greetings is a creator and manufacturer of innovative social expression products that assist consumers in making the world a more thoughtful and caring place. Founded in 1906, the Company's major greeting card lines are American Greetings, Carlton Cards, Gibson, Recycled Paper Greetings and Papyrus, and other paper product offerings include DesignWare party goods and American Greetings and Plus Mark gift-wrap and boxed cards. American Greetings also has one of the largest collections of greetings on the Web, including greeting cards available at Cardstore.com and electronic greeting cards available at AmericanGreetings.com. In addition to its product lines, American Greetings also creates and licenses popular character brands through the American Greetings Entertainment group. Headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio, American Greetings generates annual revenue of approximately $1.8 billion, and its products can be found in retail outlets worldwide.


 
















FIND 
        A STORE        LEGAL 
        INFORMATION         CONTACT 
        US        � 
      2017 AGC, LLC ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Follow Us: Twitter @AMGreetings  Facebook  Pinterest •  Blog 

























Investors - American Greetings

 




















Company Overview
On  August 7, 2013, American Greetings Corporation announced the completion of its acquisition  by the Weiss Family.  On that date,  American Greetings’ shareholders approved the merger agreement at a special  meeting held on at the Company’s headquarters in Cleveland, Ohio. The  transaction closed and became effective August 9, 2013, resulting in American  Greetings becoming a privately held company.  As a result of the transaction, American  Greetings’ Class A common shares were delisted from the New York Stock Exchange.
If  you are a shareholder of American Greetings, please read the following  important information.  Under the terms  of the Merger Agreement and its subsequent amendment, each share of American  Greetings common stock will be exchanged for $19.00 in cash.  Immediately following the close of the  transaction, our paying agent, Wells Fargo Shareowner Services, mailed a Letter  of Transmittal to all shareholders of American Greetings.  In order to receive cash for your shares, you  will need to complete the Letter of Transmittal and return it to Wells Fargo  Shareowner Services along with any certificates for shares of American  Greetings Class A or Class B stock that you have in your possession.  The method by which you send your stock certificates  to Wells Fargo is at your option and your risk, but it is recommended that the  documents be sent by registered mail or other traceable method and insured for  2% of the value of your shares to cover the cost of replacing the shares should  they be lost in transit. Shareholders who have not yet submitted  their Letter of Transmittal and stock certificate(s) are asked to do so at  their earliest convenience. 
Shareholders  who cannot locate their Letter of Transmittal, need assistance completing the  Letter of Transmittal, or have a question regarding the status of their shares  should contact Wells Fargo Shareowner Services. Any one of Wells Fargo’s representatives  will be able to assist you.          
CONTACT INFORMATION:
            Wells  Fargo Shareowner Services
            Corporate  Actions Department
            1110  Centre Pointe Curve, Suite 101
            Mendota  Heights, MN 55120
            877-262-8260
The Company’s auditors are Ernst & Young,  LLP. 




Company Overview

Financial Releases
 Corporate Governance
Management Team

Reports

SEC Filings
Form SD

Sign up for Email Notifications










FIND 
        A STORE         LEGAL 
        INFORMATION         CONTACT 
        US         � 
        2016 AGC, LLC  ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Follow Us: Twitter @AMGreetings  Facebook  Pinterest •  Blog



















History - American Greetings






































 History 

For more than 100 years, American Greetings Corporation has been a manufacturer and retailer of innovative social expression products that assist consumers in enhancing their relationships. 
 The company's major greeting card brands are American Greetings, Carlton Cards, Gibson, Recycled Paper Greetings, and Papyrus, and other paper product offerings include DesignWare party goods, American Greetings and Plus Mark gift-wrap and boxed cards. American Greetings also has the largest collection of electronic greetings on the Web, including cards available at AmericanGreetings.com through AG Interactive, Inc., the company's online division. 
 In addition to its product lines, American Greetings also creates and licenses popular character brands through the American Greetings Properties group. Headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio, American Greetings generates annual revenue of approximately $2 billion, and its products can be found in retail outlets domestically and worldwide. 
 While today, the company helps millions of people worldwide stay connected and celebrate life's special occasions, it all started with $50 and the dreams of one determined young man. 

1900s 
Big dreams, humble beginnings 


The success of American Greetings Corporation began in the heart 
                of Jacob Sapirstein, a young Polish immigrant. Jacob believed 
                that with ambition, ethics and hard work, anyone could achieve 
                the American dream. 



Shortly after his arrival in America in 1905, Jacob moved to 
                Cleveland, Ohio, and became a jobber of post cards - a popular 
                item of the times - buying the cards from German manufacturers 
                and selling them to local merchants. 
To start his business, Jacob borrowed $50 from a local bank to 
                buy a supply of penny postcards, which he sold to drug stores, 
                novelty shops and confectioners. By the end of the first week, 
                he had sold enough cards to repay the loan, and had an extra $50 
                to fund the following week's business. The most popular designs 
                in his early product line expressed feelings using rhymed verses 
                and flowery Victorian artwork. 
Jacob and his wife had four children: sons, Irving, Morris, and 
                Harry; and daughter Bernice. Before long, the Sapirstein Greeting 
                Card Company became a family operation. The children helped their 
                father organize inventory, stuff fancy postcards into envelopes 
                and make deliveries to accounts in the family's horse-drawn cart. 
              

1910s 
1918 - The flu won't stop business 


In a family business, everyone helps out. In 1918, when Jacob 
                was bedridden by the flu epidemic that killed 20 million people 
                worldwide, son Irving, 9, made sure Christmas and Valentine's 
                Day cards were delivered to retailers. By age 12, Irving was keeping 
                the company books. His brother, Morris, joined soon after, delivering 
                cards to stores after school. 

1920s 
1921 - A peek at the books


In 1921, family business sales totaled $11,500, enough for Jacob 
                to take home $1,000 for the year. That's equivalent to about $100,000 
                sales today, or take home pay of $9,000. By 1928, sons Irving 
                and Morris were increasing sales even further. One of their biggest 
                deals closed when a landmark Cleveland amusement park, Euclid 
                Beach, bought $24,000 worth of picture postcards equivalent to 
                about $240,000 in sales today. 

1929 - Shopping is made easy


Shopping for greeting cards hasn't always been easy. At one 
                time, shoppers had to flip through an album and then ask a shopkeeper 
                to pull the card from behind the counter. American Greetings simplified 
                everything in 1929 by introducing the first self-serve greeting 
                card display fixtures. This innovation has withstood the test 
                of time, and is still the standard display vehicle for greeting 
                cards today. 

1930s 
Greeting cards cure depression 


Through the Great Depression, Jacob's business flourished. People 
                bought milk and bread to feed their bodies and greeting cards 
                to feed their spirits. During the Depression, inexpensive greeting 
                cards were often given in lieu of gifts people couldn't afford. 
                By 1936, the Sapirstein Greeting Card Company was printing its 
                own cards. Since World War II soon made it impractical for Jacob's 
                young company to import cards from Europe, establishing its own 
                manufacturing plant became a smart strategy. Making its own cards 
                gave the fledgling company the ability to develop its own paper, 
                art, verse and envelopes to have complete creative control over 
                the cards that "say it best." 

1940s 
World War II changes everything 


Before World War II, Americans were usually married and buried 
                in the same towns in which they were born. They didn't travel 
                much and had little need to communicate in writing. The war changed 
                that. People were often separated from their families, and used 
                greeting cards to stay in touch. Now known as American Greetings 
                Publishers, Jacob's company had six artists creating red-white-and-blue 
                cards with patriotic rhymes to help families connect the home 
                front with the front line. 


Also during the 1940s, Jacob's sons Irving, Morris and Harry, 
                changed the family name from "Sapirstein," which translates as 
                ``sapphire stone," to "Stone." 
            
1950s 
1952 - Everyone can take stock in American Greetings 


After World War II, Americans grew restless with wanderlust. 
                Improved automobiles gave them a new mobility and began to separate 
                families. These new adventurers used greeting cards to communicate 
                with those back home. Jacob's company enjoyed phenomenal growth, 
                leading to its first public offering of stock in 1952, with the 
                sale of 200,000 shares at $12 a piece. Today, the company trades 
                on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol AM. 

1956 - Carlton Cards comes on board 


With the acquisition of Carlton Cards, a Canadian-based card 
                company, American Greetings created a continental sales perspective 
                for itself. With the addition of Carlton, American Greetings also 
                realized a significant increase in revenues. 

1957 - Meet Hi Brows 


Beatniks launched the anti-establishment movement in the 1950s 
                and Americans began to question tradition. Building on this counterculture 
                momentum, American Greetings introduced a new kind of greeting 
                card - Hi Brows. These irreverent, witty cards were slim and tall. 
                Even the name of the cards was a rebellious parody. The inspiration 
                for Hi Brows came from funny cards being made by Bohemian artists 
                in their Greenwich Village studios. Hi Brows featured short, comic 
                punch lines and cartoon-style artwork, a new generation of greeting 
                cards to help a new generation communicate. 

1960s 
1967 - Holly Hobbie character debuts 


After the Vietnam War protests, civil rights riots and cultural 
                revolution of the 1960s, Americans looked to nature and history 
                for an antidote to the cultural and economic tumult of the times. 
                American Greetings filled the void with Holly Hobbie, a nostalgic 
                sweetheart who was symbolic of simpler times. Holly captured the 
                fancy of millions with her peaceful, patchwork Americana style. 
                Named after the artist who created her, Holly Hobbie was introduced 
                on greeting cards in 1967. With her introduction, American Greetings 
                led the world into the phenomenon of character licensing. By 1977, 
                Holly Hobbie was one of the most sought after female licensed 
                character in the world. 


The Holly Hobbie character was the first licensed property launched 
                by Those Characters from Cleveland, Inc. (TCFC, Inc.) an American 
                Greetings subsidiary that would go on to add such stars as Strawberry 
                Shortcake, Care Bears and the Get Along Gang to its list of accomplishments. 
                Today, the company's Outbound Licensing program (the descendent 
                of TCFC.) and its property development accounts for nearly $1 
                billion in worldwide retail sales annually. 
            
1968 - Carlton extends into Mexico 


American Greetings purchased Feliciataciones Nacionales in 1968, 
                and made it a part of the Carlton family. The new subsidiary was 
                renamed Carlton Mexico S.A. de C.V. under its new ownership. 

1970s 
Imagine a better world 


Following the tumultuous '60s, many of America's youth distrusted 
                "anyone over age 30." They bonded with each other and talked idealistically 
                about building a world based on love, sharing and caring. The 
                new Soft Touch card line took the dreamy idealism found in John 
                Lennon's rock-n-roll reflection "Imagine," and translated those 
                feelings into a new genre of sensitive greeting cards. Soft-focus 
                images were combined with tender words. Sales skyrocketed. 

1978 - American Greetings gets into the fixture business 


Expanding its ever-growing evolution as an innovative corporation, 
                American Greetings established AG Industries, Inc. as the largest 
                display fixture company in the nation. 

1978 - Christmas all year round 


Plus Mark Canada, a manufacturer of Christmas wrap, boxed cards 
                and accessories, was purchased by American Greetings in 1979. 
                The small, seasonally inspired enterprise became a major asset 
                of American Greetings. Today, Plus Mark, an American Greetings 
                subsidiary, has evolved into a leading manufacturer and distributor 
                of promotional Christmas giftwrap, boxed cards and accessories. 
                Plus Mark operates in the mass retail marketplace to develop private 
                label products for retailers. Innovative designs, new products 
                and accurate shipping keep retail registers ringing during the 
                holiday season. 

1980s 
Strawberry Shortcake - The $500 million girl 


Strawberry Shortcake, a new character personifying spunky innocence, 
                made her debut in 1980. By 1981, the adorable rag doll-style character 
                dressed in her pinafore and bonnet generated $500 million in retail 
                sales. In less than a year, more than 600 different Strawberry 
                Shortcake products became available. The adorable little girl 
                from Strawberryland was featured on everything from toys and accessories 
                to housewares and apparel. Strawberry Shortcake was also a national 
                celebrity, appearing in a national telethon, on two television 
                specials and in countless magazines, including Ladies Home Journal 
                and Good Housekeeping. 

1980 - American Greetings continues global expansion 


In 1980, American Greetings purchased the rights to Rust Craft 
                Greeting Cards of Toronto, Canada, and all of its subsidiaries. 
                American Greetings also acquired from the Phillip Morris Group 
                their UK greeting card subsidiary Celebration Arts Group Ltd (CAG) 
                based in Corby, Northamptonshire. 

1982 - Care Bears cause near riots at retail


Forget the war protests 15 years earlier -- when Care Bears 
                debuted, their popularity caused near riots as moms and dads vied 
                to get their hands on the lovable new characters. The Care Bears 
                represented different emotions through endearing symbols on their 
                tummies. The original Care Bears included Tenderheart Bear, Cheer 
                Bear, Friend Bear, Bedtime Bear, Birthday Bear, Wish Bear, Good 
                Luck Bear, Grumpy Bear, Love-a-lot Bear and Funshine Bear. Consumers 
                filled theaters across the country to see three full-length, animated 
                Care Bear movies. In its first five years, Care Bear merchandise 
                accounted for $2 billion in retail sales. 

1985 - Further acquisitions strengthen company 


American Greetings acquired Dallas-based Drawing Board Greetings, 
                Inc. The acquired company would later become Carlton Cards, Inc., 
                USA. 

1986 - Company reaches $1 billion milestone 


At the age of 101, Jacob Sapirstein saw his company sell more 
                than $1 billion in social expression products. That same year, 
                the company celebrated the Silver Anniversary of using the Rose 
                Logo as part of its corporate identity. 

1990s 
An alternative to the everyday card 


Alternative cards were introduced in the 1990s. These cards 
                are the modern-day relatives of the old Hi Brow line and account 
                for one of every four greeting cards sold today. These casual 
                creations break a lot of traditional greeting card "rules." They 
                can be sent for special occasions, or for no reason at all. Today's 
                alternative cards cover a wide range of humor, from cute to slightly 
                silly to irreverent and off-the-wall. 

1993 - Different name, same quality 


The Summit Corporation, the American Greetings retail store 
                subsidiary, which became part of the company in 1973, officially 
                changed its name to Carlton Cards Retail, Inc. Today, Carlton 
                Cards Retail owns and operates approximately 500 card and gift shops in the 
                United States and Canada. 

1995 - Overseas expansion 


With the acquisitions of John Sands in Australia and New Zealand, 
                and S.A. Greetings in South Africa, the company strengthened its 
                international presence considerably by 1995.

1996 - Staking claims in cyberspace 


In 1996, American Greetings launched its own site on the World 
                Wide Web, featuring paper greeting cards, electronic cards, candy, 
                flowers and gifts. Today, AG Interactive offers one of the largest 
                creative selections available on the Web through its flagship 
                site, AmericanGreetings.com, as well as its family of other sites, 
                including Egreetings.com and BlueMountain.com. Together, these 
                sites offer more than 30,000 high quality greetings and comprise 
                the number one online greeting card destination in the world. 
                The sites have more than two million paying subscribers and tens 
                of millions of unique visitors per month. 

1998 - Something for every day of the year 


American Greetings introduced DateWorks as a separate business 
                unit, to create, market and distribute the company's calendar 
                line. DateWorks has become a major factor in the calendar market 
                and currently features wall, day-at-a-time, pocket and mini calendars 
                in addition to many personal planners. 

2000s 
2000 - Gibson joins the American Greetings family 


American Greetings ushered in the new millennium by acquiring 
                Gibson Greetings combining the world's two largest publicly held 
                greeting card companies. The addition of Gibson also gave American 
                Greetings a stronger presence in the deep discount channels. 

2002 - Care Bears emerge from hibernation 


Twenty years after their original introduction by American Greetings 
                in 1982, the Care Bears re-emerged from the clouds of Care-a-lot 
                to charm a whole new generation of kids and parents. The relaunch 
                proved that the characters are in demand with three different 
                generations: parents, who fondly remember the Care Bears they 
                grew up with; children, who discovered them for the first time; 
                and teens, who embraced the icons from the '80s for their hip, 
                "retro chic" appeal. 

2003 - Strawberry Shortcake is back in action 


Today's mothers experienced a little d�j� vu when another great 
                '80s icon, Strawberry Shortcake, was reintroduced at the 2003 
                Rose Bowl Parade. Today, the beloved icon has two different looks. 
              


 "Classic Strawberry Shortcake" with her trademark pinafore 
                and rag doll look, captures the interest of collectors and young 
                women who fondly remembered Strawberry Shortcake from their youth. 
                An updated, more contemporary version called "Strawberry Shortcake 
                and Friends" was also introduced, to appeal to today's little 
                girls. She retains her spunkiness and charm, but resembles a real 
                little girl instead of a rag doll. Overalls replace the pinafore 
                and the bonnet becomes a wide-brimmed straw hat. 
            
2004 - American Greetings gets interactive 


With a jump into mobile technology in 2004, AG Interactive continued 
                the trend of bringing social expression to growing markets of 
                tech-savvy consumers. In the spring of 2004, AmericanGreetings.com 
                announced the formation of AG Mobile, the company's new wireless 
                division. As a result of this expansion into a new medium, the 
                company also changed its named from American Greetings.com to 
                AG Interactive, a move made to highlight the company's growing 
                presence beyond online greetings. The company bolstered its new 
                stance when it acquired MIDIRingTones, an award-winning mobile 
                entertainment and personalization company. The St. Paul, Minnesota-based 
                MIDIRingTones creates, sells and distributes wireless content, 
                including ring tones, graphics, audio tones and games to the latest 
                generation of cellular phones. 

 2004 - Celebrating all aspects of life 

 DesignWare evolves into Celebrate It!, to better reflect a diverse range of products and expanded business mission, which now focuses not only on party goods, but many different categories of products that help consumers connect, express and celebrate themselves. The Celebrate It! group combines DesignWare, Learning Horizons and BalloonZone. 

 2006 - American Greetings celebrates 100 years 

 American Greetings turned 100 with clear goals in place for an even better next century. The dedication to innovative products that drove Jacob Sapirstein in 1906 is alive and well today, driving the modern torch-bearers forward to assist consumers in enhancing their relationships through self expression. 100 years later, American Greetings still says it best. 

 2008 – Picturing a new way to connect 

 As a natural extension of products that enable people to connect and celebrate, American Greetings purchased PhotoWorks and Webshots, two online photo sharing and personal publishing sites. At PhotoWorks.com, consumers can create memorable gifts with favorite photos. Webshots.com users can store and send personal photos and interact with the Webshots community as well. 

 2009 – Helping consumers find the perfect card wherever they shop 

To add to the company’s existing depth of product offerings, American Greetings acquired the successful Recycled Paper Greetings and Papyrus brands. By adding these popular brands to the family of products, American Greetings is able to offer consumers the best in value, innovations, humor and high-end elegant designs. 

 2011– American Greetings introduces Cardstore.com 
 Adding to the wide variety of convenient solutions from American Greetings, Cardstore.com was introduced as the website to create perfectly personalized cards . Cardstore offers consumers unmatched variety as well as the opportunity to personalize their selections through an assortment of interactive options. Users can add personal photos, include unique, heartfelt messages and even upload a signature for the perfect final touch. In addition to these great options, Cardstore will also stamp and send the cards via US postal service. 
















FIND 
        A STORE        LEGAL 
        INFORMATION         CONTACT 
        US        � 
      2017 AGC, LLC ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Follow Us: Twitter @AMGreetings  Facebook  Pinterest •  Blog 

























American Greetings






 





























Join our team! 
 For more than 100 years, people have turned to American Greetings to help them connect with family and friends. Our licensed products include Care Bears, Strawberry Shortcake, Holly Hobbie, Sushi Pack and many others. We are also home to one of the world's largest creative studios. Our success comes from our people, and we invite you to explore part-time merchandiser opportunities with our company. 
Please note: You will be asked to watch a short video when applying for the Merchandiser position. If you are unable to view the video, you may need to temporarily disable your pop-up blocker. 
  MERCHANDISER: (Want to apply for these positions? Click here.) Application process will take approximately 10-15 minutes to complete.  
These are part time positions with variable hours and schedules. We have different types of Merchandisers, with different responsibilities, including Core, Support and Revision Merchandisers. You will become more familiar with each as you continue reading. 
 Core Merchandiser: 
 The core merchandiser is responsible for keeping the card department orderly and full. This involves putting away orders and re-ordering merchandise as needed; setting up and maintaining seasonal and special displays; paperwork as required; and other duties as assigned. 


                 Available to work the day(s) before and after a major holiday, which may often include working on the weekend 
              

               Work within the assigned hours and with little supervision 
              

               Access to the internet 
              

              Proof of eligibility to work in the US 
              

                Able to read and understand English 
              

                 Access to reliable transportation 
              

                Ability to lift up to 40 pounds 
              

 Support Merchandiser
 The support merchandiser does not have specific stores assigned. This position is responsible for providing merchandiser coverage in the absence of a part-time merchandiser, vacation and/or sick coverage. Assists with the accessory portion of revisions; and other duties as assigned. 
 Requirements: 


                 Participate in revisions and new installations as directed 
              

                 Available to work the day(s) before and after a major holiday, which may often include working on the weekend 
              

                Work within the assigned hours and with little supervision 
              

                 Access to the internet 
              

                Proof of eligibility to work in the US 
              

                 Ability to read and understand English 
              

               Access to reliable transportation 
              

               Ability to lift up to 40 pounds 
              

 Revision Merchandiser
 This is a part time position with variable hours and schedules. The revision merchandiser works on an “as needed” basis. Primary responsibilities include assisting in the product and fixture accessory portion of installations/revisions. Reads and understands plan-o-grams. 
 Requirements: 


               On-site plan-o-gram setup 
              

               Placement and set-up of fixture accessories 
              

               Work within the assigned hours and with little supervision 
              

                Proof of eligibility to work in the US 
              

                Able to read and understand English 
              

                Access to reliable transportation 
              

             Ability to lift up to 40 pounds 
              

 INSTALLATION CREW MEMBER:  
 These are part time positions with variable hours. Responsibilities may include daily travel to different accounts with possible night, overnight and weekend hours. Installation crewmembers are responsible for the tear down, disposal, assembly and installation of fixtures. Additional duties may include taking down product, merchandising and other duties as assigned. 
 Requirements: 


               
                   Proof of eligibility to work in the US
               
              

               
                 Able to read and understand English 
               
              

             
               Access to reliable transportation 
           
              

               
                Use of small manual and powered hand tools 
               
              

             
                  Ability to lift up to 60 pounds 
                
              

















FIND 
        A STORE        RECALLS         LEGAL 
        INFORMATION         CONTACT 
        US          � 
        2016 AGC, LLC ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Follow Us: Twitter @AMGreetings  Facebook  Pinterest •  Blog





















































CPSC, American Greetings Corp. Announce Recall of Sesame Street Sunglasses | CPSC.gov

































Skip to main content






Languages
简体中文
English
Bahasa Indonesia
한국어
Español
ภาษาไทย
Tiếng Việt





          Text Size: Decrease Font
Increase Font



Contact CPSC



Consumers:



Businesses:






Report an Unsafe Product

Consumers
Businesses










United States
CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION




Search CPSC











Search

















Report an Unsafe Product

Consumers
Businesses






 


HomeRecallsCPSC American Greetings Corp Announce Recall Of Sesame Street Sunglasses 



CPSC, American Greetings Corp. Announce Recall of Sesame Street Sunglasses
































FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASESeptember 1, 2005 Release #05-255
Firm's Recall Hotline: (800) 777-4891



 
WASHINGTON, D.C. - The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission, in cooperation with the firm named below, today announced a voluntary recall of the following consumer product. Consumers should stop using recalled products immediately unless otherwise instructed. It is illegal to resell or attempt to resell a recalled consumer product.
Name of Product: Sesame Street Toy Sunglasses
Units: About 120,000
Manufacturer: American Greetings Corp., of Cleveland, Ohio
Hazard: The lens in the sunglasses can separate from frames, posing a choking hazard to young children.
Incidents/Injuries: None reported.
Description: This recall involves DesignWare® child-size sunglasses with Sesame Street character decals. Sold in quantities of four, each package contains a yellow, blue, red and green pair of sunglasses. The bright green cardboard backer has the Sesame Street and DesignWare® logo on the front, and model number SUN-1219 on the back.
Sold at: Discount, toy, drug, grocery, party and specialty/gift stores nationwide from December 2003 through August 2005 for about $3.
Manufactured in: China
Remedy:: Consumers should take these sunglasses away from young children immediately. Consumers can contact the firm for a coupon redeemable wherever American Greetings' products are sold.
Consumer Contact: For additional information, contact American Greetings at (800) 777-4891 between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, or visit the firm's Web site at http://corporate.americangreetings.com or http://www.ag.com




The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission is charged with protecting the public from unreasonable risks of injury or death associated with the use of
          thousands of types of consumer products under the agency’s jurisdiction. Deaths, injuries, and property damage from consumer product incidents cost the
          nation more than $1 trillion annually. CPSC is committed to protecting consumers and families from products that pose a fire, electrical, chemical or
          mechanical hazard. CPSC's work to help ensure the safety of consumer products - such as toys, cribs, power tools, cigarette lighters and household
          chemicals -– contributed to a decline in the rate of deaths and injuries associated with consumer products over the past 40 years.
Federal law bars any person from selling products subject to a publicly-announced voluntary recall by a manufacturer or a mandatory recall ordered by the
          Commission.
To report a dangerous product or a product-related injury go online to www.SaferProducts.gov or call CPSC's Hotline at 800-638-2772 or teletypewriter at
          301-595-7054 for the hearing impaired. Consumers can obtain news release and recall information at www.cpsc.gov, on Twitter @USCPSC or by subscribing
          to CPSC's free e-mail newsletters.



Media Contact
Please use the below phone number for all media requests.

              Phone: (301) 504-7908
              Spanish: (301) 504-7800

View CPSC contacts for specific areas of expertise




Related Recalls  


 Little Giraffe Recalls Children’s Robes Due to Violation of Federal Flammability Standard  

 Madison Mill Recalls Safety Gates Due to Entrapment and Strangulation Hazards   

 Lila + Hayes Recalls Children’s Playwear Due to Choking Hazard  

 Michaels Recalls Ceramic Travel Mugs Due to Burn Hazard   

 Night Lights Recalled by AM Conservation Group Due to Fire Hazard  





Search Product Safety Reports
Search Product Safety Reports on Saferproducts.gov 


Find more about government recalls
Recalls.gov


Find recalls from around the world
Global Recall Portal


 
 












×
You are about to leave the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) public website.


The link you selected is for a destination outside of the Federal Government. CPSC does not control this external site or its privacy policy and cannot attest to the accuracy of the information it contains. You may wish to review the privacy policy of the external site as its information collection practices may differ from ours. Linking to this external site does not constitute an endorsement of the site or the information it contains by CPSC or any of its employees.
Click Ok if you wish to continue to the website; otherwise, click Cancel to return to our site.


Ok
Cancel




 

















Recall List | CPSC.gov







































Skip to main content






Languages
简体中文
English
Bahasa Indonesia
한국어
Español
ภาษาไทย
Tiếng Việt





          Text Size: Decrease Font
Increase Font



Contact CPSC



Consumers:



Businesses:






Report an Unsafe Product

Consumers
Businesses










United States
CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION




Search CPSC











Search

















Report an Unsafe Product

Consumers
Businesses






 


Home 



Recall List



























Recalls CSV


Recalls RSS


Spanish
 





            Date          

 Start date
 Date
 End date
 Date
 



            Search All          

 


Apply



 


 July 25, 2017Polaris Recalls RZR 170 Recreational Off-Highway Vehicles Due to Fuel Leak, Fire HazardsThe fuel tank neck can crack or the wiring harness can overheat or short circuit, posing fuel leak and fire hazards. 
Remedy: Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled ROVs and contact Polaris to schedule a free repair. Polaris is contacting all known purchasers directly.  
Units: 16,800Consumer Contact:Website: C:/Users/smberg/AppData/Local/Microsoft/Windows/Temporary%20Internet%20Files/Content.Outlook/YSIRLU82/www.polaris.comPhone: 800-765-2747  

 July 25, 2017Outxpro Mosquito Zapper LED Light Bulbs Recalled by R & D Products Due to Shock Hazard; Sold Exclusively at Amazon.com (Recall Alert)The LED light bulb’s base can separate from the connector, posing an electrical shock hazard.
Remedy: Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled light bulbs, turn off the power supply and contact R&D Products for a free repair, including shipping, and instructions for removing and replacing the light bulb. R&D Products will reimburse consumers if a professional electrician is needed to remove the recalled light bulb’s base.
Units: About 3,700Consumer Contact:Website: http://www.outxpro.com E-mail: happytohelp@outxpro.comPhone: 800-607-1848  

 July 25, 2017Quality Foam Recalls Mattresses Due to Violation of Federal Mattress Flammability StandardThe mattresses fail to meet the mandatory federal flammability standard for mattresses, posing a fire hazard.
Remedy: Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled mattresses and contact Quality Foam or the place of purchase for instructions on receiving a free mattress cover to bring the mattress into compliance with the federal standard.
Units: About 12,200 Consumer Contact: E-mail: customerservicequalityfoam@gmail.comPhone: 844-511-3644  

 July 24, 2017iRover Recalls Self-Balancing Scooters/Hoverboards Due to Fire HazardThe lithium-ion battery packs in the self-balancing scooters/hoverboards can overheat, posing a risk of smoking, catching fire and/or exploding.
Remedy: Consumers should immediately stop using these recalled scooters/hoverboards and contact iRover for instructions on returning their hoverboard for a free UL2272-certified replacement unit.
Units: About 2,800 Consumer Contact:Website: http://www.iroverus.comPhone: 888-348-6434  

 July 21, 2017ZORJAR Recalls Women’s Scarves Due to Violation of Federal Flammability Standard; Sold Exclusively on Amazon.com (Recall Alert)The women’s scarves fail to meet the federal flammability standard for clothing textiles, posing a risk of burn injuries to consumers.
Remedy: Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled scarves and contact the firm for a full refund. ZORJAR is directly contacting consumers who have purchased the scarves.
Units: About 1,700Consumer Contact: E-mail: jameicheng@163.com  

 July 20, 2017Manhattan Toy Recalls Activity Toys Due to Choking HazardThe colored plastic tubes on the product may become brittle and break into small pieces, posing a choking hazard to infants.
Remedy: Consumers should immediately take the recalled toys away from infants and return it to the store where  purchased or contact Manhattan Toy for a full refund.
Units: About 14,400 (in addition, about 1,000 were sold in Canada)Consumer Contact:Website: http://www.manhattantoy.comPhone: 800-541-1345  

 July 19, 2017Polaris Recalls Sportsman 570 All-Terrain Vehicles Due to Fuel Leak, Fire HazardsFuel can leak into the headlight pod, posing fuel leak and fire hazards.
Remedy: Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled ATVs and contact Polaris to schedule a free repair. Polaris is contacting all known purchasers directly.
Units: About 25,600Consumer Contact:Website: http://www.polaris.comPhone: 800-765-2747  

 July 18, 2017Corbeau USA Recalls Camlock Seat Harness Belts Due to Fall and Projectile HazardsOne of the five harness belts can unlock during use and allow the user to fall out of or be thrown from the vehicle, posing a risk of serious injury or death.
Remedy: Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled product and contact Corbeau USA to receive a replacement or refund. 
Units: About 2,000Consumer Contact:Website: http://www.corbeau.com E-mail: info@corbeau.comPhone: 801-255-3737  

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
…
next ›
last »





Search Product Safety Reports
Search Product Safety Reports on Saferproducts.gov 


Find more about government recalls
Recalls.gov


Find recalls from around the world
Global Recall Portal


 












×
You are about to leave the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) public website.


The link you selected is for a destination outside of the Federal Government. CPSC does not control this external site or its privacy policy and cannot attest to the accuracy of the information it contains. You may wish to review the privacy policy of the external site as its information collection practices may differ from ours. Linking to this external site does not constitute an endorsement of the site or the information it contains by CPSC or any of its employees.
Click Ok if you wish to continue to the website; otherwise, click Cancel to return to our site.


Ok
Cancel




 







AMERICAN GREETINGS CORPORATION | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Media Industry Report


Office Supply & Paper Wholesalers Industry Report


Internet Publishing, Broadcasting & Search Portals Industry Report


Manufacturing Sector Industry Report


Publishing Industry Report


Wholesale Sector Industry Report


Competitive Reports


Technology Report


















AMERICAN GREETINGS CORPORATIONCompany Information

1 American BlvdCleveland, OH, 44145 United States(216) 252-7300 †
http://www.americangreetings.com
AMERICAN GREETINGS CORPORATION Rankings

					#965 in FORTUNE 1000 (June 2017)

Top 3 Competitors

CSS Industries, Inc.
Hallmark Cards, Incorporated
Taylor Corporation



Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

AMERICAN GREETINGS CORPORATION Company Profile

   American Greetings has been building its sturdy house of cards for more than a century. The #2 US maker of greeting cards (behind Hallmark), the company makes American Greetings, Carlton Cards, Gibson, Recycled Paper Greetings, and pricey Papyrus brand missives. While greeting cards make up about 75% of sales, the company also produces DesignWare party goods and Plus Mark gift wrap. The company's AG Interactive subsidiary distributes online greeting cards and other interactive media. American Greetings' products are sold through card and stationery stores, mass merchants, and other retail outlets worldwide. American Greetings is owned and run by the family of its chairman Morry Weiss.
  
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional AMERICAN GREETINGS CORPORATION Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Marketing Campaigns

Find prospect companies that meet the profile of your best customers to maximize campaign ROI.




Strategy & Planning

Identify new market opportunities and new strategies for existing markets.



Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

Cleveland, OH, United States
Media
Greeting Card Publishers
Office Supply & Paper Wholesalers
Internet Publishing, Broadcasting & Search Portals
Manufacturing Sector
Publishing
Wholesale Sector







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days

























AMERICAN GREETINGS CORPORATION | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers









































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Competition


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Media Industry Report


Office Supply & Paper Wholesalers Industry Report


Internet Publishing, Broadcasting & Search Portals Industry Report


Manufacturing Sector Industry Report


Publishing Industry Report


Wholesale Sector Industry Report


Competitive Reports


Technology Report















AMERICAN GREETINGS CORPORATION Revenue and Financial Data

   American Greetings has been building its sturdy house of cards for more than a century. The #2 US maker of greeting cards (behind Hallmark), the company makes American Greetings, Carlton Cards, Gibson, Recycled Paper Greetings, and pricey Papyrus brand missives. While greeting cards make up about 75% of sales, the company also produces DesignWare party goods and Plus Mark gift wrap. The company's AG Interactive subsidiary distributes online greeting cards and other interactive media. American Greetings' products are sold through card and stationery stores, mass merchants, and other retail outlets worldwide. American Greetings is owned and run by the family of its chairman Morry Weiss.
  







Financials Information for AMERICAN GREETINGS CORPORATION

        Track this company’s financial condition.
View Company Report
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012




Revenue
$1900.79
$2010.969
$1969.666
$1868.739
$1695.144


Gross Profit
$1055.951
$1128.632
$1112.4389999999999
$1050.999
$953.499


Operating Income
$149.904
$125.385
$137.453
$94.796
$145.065


Net Income
$129.842
$65.107
$50.522
$49.918
$57.198


Diluted EPS
$0.0
$0.0
$0.0
$1.47
$1.42










Cash Flow (mil)
2016
2015
2014




Cash at the beginning of the year
$43.327
$63.963
$86.059


Net Operating Cash
$127.369
$132.719
$160.074


Net Investing Cash
$38.176
$-19.083
$-32.696


Net Financing Cash
$-103.919
$-129.338
$-153.04


Net Change in Cash
$57.566
$-20.636
$-22.096


Cash at end of the year
$100.893
$43.327
$63.963


Capital Expenditure
$-84.892
$-66.968
$-52.445










Assets (mil)
2016
2015
2014




Current Assets


Cash
$100.893
$43.327
$63.963


Net Receivables
$94.392
$102.339
$97.925


Inventories
$227.456
$248.577
$254.761


Other Income Assets
$129.071
$157.669
$146.164


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$559.868
$633.417
$609.809


Net Fixed Assets
$467.71
$380.297
$375.765


Other Noncurrent Assets
$575.871
$521.981
$616.869


Total Assets
$1603.449
$1535.695
$1602.443






Liabilities (mil)
2016
2015
2014




Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$109.014
$133.135
$120.568


Short Term Debt
$
$
$20.0


Other Current Liabilities
$88.039
$112.911
$131.939


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$377.94
$418.943
$415.362


Long Term Debt
$406.318
$472.729
$539.114


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$389.897
$314.697
$320.52


Total Liabilities
$1174.155
$1206.369
$1274.996






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)
2016
2015
2014




Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$
$
$


Common Stock Equity
$
$
$


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$429.294
$329.326
$327.447


Shares Outstanding
0.0
0.0
0.0







Credit Rating
              
                
                        Low
                        These businesses have a low projected risk of delinquency and a moderate to low risk of failure. 






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days
























American Greetings - Wikipedia





















 






American Greetings

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (April 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



American Greetings Corporation, LLC





Formerly called

Sapirstein Greeting Card Company



Type

Private


Industry
Greeting card


Founded
Brooklyn, Ohio, United States (1906; 111 years ago (1906))


Founder
Jacob Sapirstein


Headquarters
Westlake, Ohio, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Morry Weiss (Chairman)
Zev Weiss (Co-CEO)
Jeffrey M. Weiss (Co-CEO)
John W. Beeder (President and COO)
Erwin Weiss (Senior Vice President)
Gregory M. Steinberg (CFO)





Products



Greeting cards
Gift wrap
Party goods
Giftware
Stationery
Electronic greetings
Calendars
Educational products





Brands



Carlton
Tender Thoughts
Just For You
Gibson
Care Bears
The Get Along Gang
Popples
Holly Hobbie





Owner
Weiss Family



Number of employees

27,500 (2012)[1]


Subsidiaries



Carlton Cards
Those Characters from Cleveland
Clintons





Website
ag.com


American Greetings Corporation, LLC is an American privately owned company, it is the world’s largest greeting card producer. Based in Westlake, Ohio, a suburb of Cleveland, the company sells paper greeting cards, electronic greeting cards, party products (such as wrapping papers and decorations), and electronic expressive content (e.g., ringtones and images for cell phones). In addition, the company owns the Carlton Cards, Tender Thoughts, Just For You, and Gibson brands.[1]
American Greetings' toy design and licensing division, Those Characters From Cleveland (now American Greetings Properties), includes copyrighted properties such as Care Bears, Topsy and Tim, The Get Along Gang, Popples and Holly Hobbie. American Greetings also holds an exclusive license for Nickelodeon characters.



Contents


1 History
2 Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears
3 Licenses
4 Cartoonists
5 See also
6 Sponsorships
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
Founded in 1906 by Polish immigrant Jacob Sapirstein (1885–1987), who sold cards from a horse-drawn cart, American Greetings has been run by members of the family since its inception. Irving I. Stone (Sapirstein's oldest son, who changed his surname to Stone) was stuffing envelopes at age five, handling the business during his father's illness when he was nine, and worked for the company full-time upon leaving high school. He was succeeded as CEO by his son-in-law Morry Weiss in 1987, and Stone took the title "Founder-Chairman" previously held by his father, when Weiss became chairman in 1992, before dying in 2000. In 1993, American Greetings began sponsoring the Entertainment Tonight Birthdays, also in that same year, the company also introduced its new corporate mascot, the Birthday Bear, AG remained sponsor until 2000, when competitor Hallmark Cards assumed sponsorship.
In 1999, the company bought rival Gibson Greetings and united the second and third largest U.S. greeting card makers.[2]
In 2003, Morry Weiss's sons Zev and Jeffrey became CEO and President respectively; Morry Weiss remains Chairman. In early 2007, American Greetings replaced Kellogg's as the sponsor for Dragon Tales.[citation needed] American Greetings has also branched out onto the Internet, and owns a network of websites. October 25, 2007, it announced the purchase of Webshots from CNET for $45 million in cash.[3]
In October 2005, American Greetings recalled its Sesame Street toy sunglasses sold from December 2003 through August 2005, because the lenses can separate from the frames, posing a choking hazard to young children.[4]
In 2006, American Greetings celebrated its 100th anniversary.
In 2010, American Greetings announced plans to move its headquarters from Brooklyn, Ohio to a new facility at Crocker Park within the nearby city of Westlake.[5] However, in 2013, the company announced it would delay moving its operations to Westlake. Construction had been scheduled to start in early 2013, and American Greetings said it was only delaying the $150 to $200 million project.
In June 2012, American Greetings acquired assets from Clinton Cards PLC together with some of its subsidiaries.[6]
American Greetings went private once again in 2013, thus removing itself from all the public markets, agreeing to pay $18.20 per share, valuing the company at $878 million.[7]
In 2014, American Greetings sold its Brooklyn, Ohio headquarters to developers and began renting its current offices from the new owners until the move to Westlake.[8]
American Greetings opened their new Westlake headquarters in September 2016.[9]
American Greetings operates with four divisions:[10][11]

North American Social Expression Products,
International Social Expression Products,
AG Interactive (Webshots was formerly part of AG Interactive)[12]
a non-reportable operating segment, sometimes referred to as "Retail"[10]

Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears[edit]
In July 2008, American Greetings announced the sale of its Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears properties to DIC Entertainment (now part of Cookie Jar Entertainment). However, January 9, 2009 it announced that the planned sale had been canceled.[13] As a result, the properties remain under American Greetings' ownership as the company searches for a new buyer.
March 24, 2009, MoonScoop offered to pay $95 million for the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake properties and related rights held by Cookie Jar. Under that deal, American Greetings would pocket $76 million for the animation assets while Cookie Jar would get $19 million for its own rights.[14]
March 30, 2009, Cookie Jar made a $76 million counter-bid for Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake. Cookie Jar had until April 30, 2009 to complete the deal. If Cookie Jar failed to close the deal, MoonScoop had until June 7, 2009, to complete its own deal with American Greetings.[14]
In May 2009, American Greetings filed a $100 million lawsuit against Cookie Jar with Cookie Jar filing a $25 million countersuit against American Greetings over the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake deal.[15][16] In August, 2009 MoonScoop filed a lawsuit against American Greetings over the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake deal.[17][18]
In February 2015, Iconix Brand Group acquired the rights to Strawberry Shortcake from American Greetings for $105 million.[19][20]
Licenses[edit]
(Note: not all licenses are original creations by American Greetings. Some were licensed from third parties, where indicated)

Betsy's Kindergarten Adventures
Care Bears
The Electric Company (2009 TV series)
The Get Along Gang
Herself the Elf
Holly Hobbie (original)
Holly Hobbie & Friends
Kelly Clarkson[21]
Lady Lovely Locks
Madballs
Maryoku Yummy
My Pet Monster
Packages from Planet X
Paintbox Studios
Peppermint Rose
Popples
Pretty Freekin Scary
Ring Raiders
Strawberry Shortcake
Sushi Pack (created by Studio Espinosa and Cloudco[22])
TinPo (created by UNKL[23])
Topsy and Tim
Twisted Whiskers

Cartoonists[edit]

R. Crumb
Peter Guren (Ask Shagg)

See also[edit]

Cardmaking
Carlton Cards - American Greetings' Canadian branch.
Carlton Cards Retail - American Greetings' store management.
John Sands (company), Australian subsidiary
British subsidiary UK Greetings[24]
Clintons, formerly ‘Clinton Cards’ - UK card retailer acquired by American Greetings in 2012

Sponsorships[edit]

Sesame Street

References[edit]



^ a b "American Greetings, Form 10-K, Annual Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. April 30, 2012. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings to buy rival". Reading Eagle. Associated Press. November 4, 1999. Retrieved June 18, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report". Securities and Exchange Commission. December 20, 2007. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "CPSC, American Greetings Corp. Announce Recall of Sesame Street Sunglasses" (Press release). U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission. September 1, 2005. Retrieved December 8, 2014. 
^ Cho, Janet (January 7, 2010). "American Greetings may pull its world headquarters out of Brooklyn, Ohio". The Plain Dealer. Cleveland. Retrieved January 7, 2010. BROOKLYN, Ohio -- American Greetings Corp., the nation's largest publicly held greeting card manufacturer, is exploring moving its global headquarters from Brooklyn to another community - maybe even out of state - with lower taxes. 
^ "US company American Greetings acquires Clinton Cards". The Guardian. June 7, 2012. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ Cho, Janet H. (April 1, 2013). "American Greetings' Weiss Family Aims to Take the Company Private Again, Via an $878 Million Offer for Outstanding Shares". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved April 4, 2013. 
^ McFee, Michelle Jarboe (1 July 2014). "American Greetings sells Brooklyn headquarters; Lichter, Semarjian plan 150-acre industrial park". Cleveland.com. Retrieved 9 May 2015. 
^ "American Greetings opens new Westlake headquarters". Crain's Cleveland Business. 2016-09-28. Retrieved 2016-11-05. 
^ a b "Company Overview of American Greetings Corp.". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. 2014. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ McKee, Tyler (March 30, 2011). "Higher Prices Still In The Cards For American Greetings". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ "Company Overview of AG Interactive, Inc.". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. 2014. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ Grant, Allison (November 26, 2012). "American Greetings wins case against MoonScoop over Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved 2014-12-08. 
^ a b "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report". Securities and Exchange Commission. March 30, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. May 12, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "Brooklyn-based American Greetings accuses Cookie Jar Entertainment of bad faith in Strawberry Shortcake, Care Bears deal". The Plain Dealer. May 12, 2009. Retrieved May 12, 2009. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. October 7, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "MoonScoop sues American Greetings over Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake". The Plain Dealer. August 13, 2009. Retrieved August 16, 2009. 
^ Atkinson, Claire (3 February 2015). "Strawberry Shortcake is new ‘it’ girl for Iconix". New York Post. Retrieved 7 February 2015. 
^ Associated Press (3 February 2015). "Snoopy Owner Iconix to Buy Strawberry Shortcake for $105M". ABC News. Retrieved 7 February 2015. 
^ Philpot, Robert (April 7, 2015). "Kelly Clarkson launches greeting-card line". star-telegram.com. Star-Telegram. Retrieved April 8, 2015. 
^ "Studio Espinosa Illustration". studioespinosa.com. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 
^ "UNKL » TEES, TEES & MORE TEES". unklbrand.com. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 
^ "UK Greetings Greeting Card Gift Wrap Social Expression Publisher". ukgreetings.co.uk. Archived from the original on 9 May 2015. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 



External links[edit]

American Greetings
American Greetings Properties
American Greetings SEC Filings





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=American_Greetings&oldid=790314641"					
Categories: American GreetingsCompanies formerly listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies established in 1906Companies based in ClevelandGreeting cards1906 establishments in OhioHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from April 2009All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2007 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 23:00.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









American Greetings - Wikipedia





















 






American Greetings

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (April 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



American Greetings Corporation, LLC





Formerly called

Sapirstein Greeting Card Company



Type

Private


Industry
Greeting card


Founded
Brooklyn, Ohio, United States (1906; 111 years ago (1906))


Founder
Jacob Sapirstein


Headquarters
Westlake, Ohio, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Morry Weiss (Chairman)
Zev Weiss (Co-CEO)
Jeffrey M. Weiss (Co-CEO)
John W. Beeder (President and COO)
Erwin Weiss (Senior Vice President)
Gregory M. Steinberg (CFO)





Products



Greeting cards
Gift wrap
Party goods
Giftware
Stationery
Electronic greetings
Calendars
Educational products





Brands



Carlton
Tender Thoughts
Just For You
Gibson
Care Bears
The Get Along Gang
Popples
Holly Hobbie





Owner
Weiss Family



Number of employees

27,500 (2012)[1]


Subsidiaries



Carlton Cards
Those Characters from Cleveland
Clintons





Website
ag.com


American Greetings Corporation, LLC is an American privately owned company, it is the world’s largest greeting card producer. Based in Westlake, Ohio, a suburb of Cleveland, the company sells paper greeting cards, electronic greeting cards, party products (such as wrapping papers and decorations), and electronic expressive content (e.g., ringtones and images for cell phones). In addition, the company owns the Carlton Cards, Tender Thoughts, Just For You, and Gibson brands.[1]
American Greetings' toy design and licensing division, Those Characters From Cleveland (now American Greetings Properties), includes copyrighted properties such as Care Bears, Topsy and Tim, The Get Along Gang, Popples and Holly Hobbie. American Greetings also holds an exclusive license for Nickelodeon characters.



Contents


1 History
2 Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears
3 Licenses
4 Cartoonists
5 See also
6 Sponsorships
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
Founded in 1906 by Polish immigrant Jacob Sapirstein (1885–1987), who sold cards from a horse-drawn cart, American Greetings has been run by members of the family since its inception. Irving I. Stone (Sapirstein's oldest son, who changed his surname to Stone) was stuffing envelopes at age five, handling the business during his father's illness when he was nine, and worked for the company full-time upon leaving high school. He was succeeded as CEO by his son-in-law Morry Weiss in 1987, and Stone took the title "Founder-Chairman" previously held by his father, when Weiss became chairman in 1992, before dying in 2000. In 1993, American Greetings began sponsoring the Entertainment Tonight Birthdays, also in that same year, the company also introduced its new corporate mascot, the Birthday Bear, AG remained sponsor until 2000, when competitor Hallmark Cards assumed sponsorship.
In 1999, the company bought rival Gibson Greetings and united the second and third largest U.S. greeting card makers.[2]
In 2003, Morry Weiss's sons Zev and Jeffrey became CEO and President respectively; Morry Weiss remains Chairman. In early 2007, American Greetings replaced Kellogg's as the sponsor for Dragon Tales.[citation needed] American Greetings has also branched out onto the Internet, and owns a network of websites. October 25, 2007, it announced the purchase of Webshots from CNET for $45 million in cash.[3]
In October 2005, American Greetings recalled its Sesame Street toy sunglasses sold from December 2003 through August 2005, because the lenses can separate from the frames, posing a choking hazard to young children.[4]
In 2006, American Greetings celebrated its 100th anniversary.
In 2010, American Greetings announced plans to move its headquarters from Brooklyn, Ohio to a new facility at Crocker Park within the nearby city of Westlake.[5] However, in 2013, the company announced it would delay moving its operations to Westlake. Construction had been scheduled to start in early 2013, and American Greetings said it was only delaying the $150 to $200 million project.
In June 2012, American Greetings acquired assets from Clinton Cards PLC together with some of its subsidiaries.[6]
American Greetings went private once again in 2013, thus removing itself from all the public markets, agreeing to pay $18.20 per share, valuing the company at $878 million.[7]
In 2014, American Greetings sold its Brooklyn, Ohio headquarters to developers and began renting its current offices from the new owners until the move to Westlake.[8]
American Greetings opened their new Westlake headquarters in September 2016.[9]
American Greetings operates with four divisions:[10][11]

North American Social Expression Products,
International Social Expression Products,
AG Interactive (Webshots was formerly part of AG Interactive)[12]
a non-reportable operating segment, sometimes referred to as "Retail"[10]

Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears[edit]
In July 2008, American Greetings announced the sale of its Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears properties to DIC Entertainment (now part of Cookie Jar Entertainment). However, January 9, 2009 it announced that the planned sale had been canceled.[13] As a result, the properties remain under American Greetings' ownership as the company searches for a new buyer.
March 24, 2009, MoonScoop offered to pay $95 million for the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake properties and related rights held by Cookie Jar. Under that deal, American Greetings would pocket $76 million for the animation assets while Cookie Jar would get $19 million for its own rights.[14]
March 30, 2009, Cookie Jar made a $76 million counter-bid for Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake. Cookie Jar had until April 30, 2009 to complete the deal. If Cookie Jar failed to close the deal, MoonScoop had until June 7, 2009, to complete its own deal with American Greetings.[14]
In May 2009, American Greetings filed a $100 million lawsuit against Cookie Jar with Cookie Jar filing a $25 million countersuit against American Greetings over the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake deal.[15][16] In August, 2009 MoonScoop filed a lawsuit against American Greetings over the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake deal.[17][18]
In February 2015, Iconix Brand Group acquired the rights to Strawberry Shortcake from American Greetings for $105 million.[19][20]
Licenses[edit]
(Note: not all licenses are original creations by American Greetings. Some were licensed from third parties, where indicated)

Betsy's Kindergarten Adventures
Care Bears
The Electric Company (2009 TV series)
The Get Along Gang
Herself the Elf
Holly Hobbie (original)
Holly Hobbie & Friends
Kelly Clarkson[21]
Lady Lovely Locks
Madballs
Maryoku Yummy
My Pet Monster
Packages from Planet X
Paintbox Studios
Peppermint Rose
Popples
Pretty Freekin Scary
Ring Raiders
Strawberry Shortcake
Sushi Pack (created by Studio Espinosa and Cloudco[22])
TinPo (created by UNKL[23])
Topsy and Tim
Twisted Whiskers

Cartoonists[edit]

R. Crumb
Peter Guren (Ask Shagg)

See also[edit]

Cardmaking
Carlton Cards - American Greetings' Canadian branch.
Carlton Cards Retail - American Greetings' store management.
John Sands (company), Australian subsidiary
British subsidiary UK Greetings[24]
Clintons, formerly ‘Clinton Cards’ - UK card retailer acquired by American Greetings in 2012

Sponsorships[edit]

Sesame Street

References[edit]



^ a b "American Greetings, Form 10-K, Annual Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. April 30, 2012. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings to buy rival". Reading Eagle. Associated Press. November 4, 1999. Retrieved June 18, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report". Securities and Exchange Commission. December 20, 2007. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "CPSC, American Greetings Corp. Announce Recall of Sesame Street Sunglasses" (Press release). U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission. September 1, 2005. Retrieved December 8, 2014. 
^ Cho, Janet (January 7, 2010). "American Greetings may pull its world headquarters out of Brooklyn, Ohio". The Plain Dealer. Cleveland. Retrieved January 7, 2010. BROOKLYN, Ohio -- American Greetings Corp., the nation's largest publicly held greeting card manufacturer, is exploring moving its global headquarters from Brooklyn to another community - maybe even out of state - with lower taxes. 
^ "US company American Greetings acquires Clinton Cards". The Guardian. June 7, 2012. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ Cho, Janet H. (April 1, 2013). "American Greetings' Weiss Family Aims to Take the Company Private Again, Via an $878 Million Offer for Outstanding Shares". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved April 4, 2013. 
^ McFee, Michelle Jarboe (1 July 2014). "American Greetings sells Brooklyn headquarters; Lichter, Semarjian plan 150-acre industrial park". Cleveland.com. Retrieved 9 May 2015. 
^ "American Greetings opens new Westlake headquarters". Crain's Cleveland Business. 2016-09-28. Retrieved 2016-11-05. 
^ a b "Company Overview of American Greetings Corp.". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. 2014. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ McKee, Tyler (March 30, 2011). "Higher Prices Still In The Cards For American Greetings". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ "Company Overview of AG Interactive, Inc.". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. 2014. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ Grant, Allison (November 26, 2012). "American Greetings wins case against MoonScoop over Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved 2014-12-08. 
^ a b "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report". Securities and Exchange Commission. March 30, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. May 12, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "Brooklyn-based American Greetings accuses Cookie Jar Entertainment of bad faith in Strawberry Shortcake, Care Bears deal". The Plain Dealer. May 12, 2009. Retrieved May 12, 2009. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. October 7, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "MoonScoop sues American Greetings over Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake". The Plain Dealer. August 13, 2009. Retrieved August 16, 2009. 
^ Atkinson, Claire (3 February 2015). "Strawberry Shortcake is new ‘it’ girl for Iconix". New York Post. Retrieved 7 February 2015. 
^ Associated Press (3 February 2015). "Snoopy Owner Iconix to Buy Strawberry Shortcake for $105M". ABC News. Retrieved 7 February 2015. 
^ Philpot, Robert (April 7, 2015). "Kelly Clarkson launches greeting-card line". star-telegram.com. Star-Telegram. Retrieved April 8, 2015. 
^ "Studio Espinosa Illustration". studioespinosa.com. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 
^ "UNKL » TEES, TEES & MORE TEES". unklbrand.com. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 
^ "UK Greetings Greeting Card Gift Wrap Social Expression Publisher". ukgreetings.co.uk. Archived from the original on 9 May 2015. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 



External links[edit]

American Greetings
American Greetings Properties
American Greetings SEC Filings





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=American_Greetings&oldid=790314641"					
Categories: American GreetingsCompanies formerly listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies established in 1906Companies based in ClevelandGreeting cards1906 establishments in OhioHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from April 2009All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2007 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 23:00.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









American Greetings - Wikipedia





















 






American Greetings

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (April 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



American Greetings Corporation, LLC





Formerly called

Sapirstein Greeting Card Company



Type

Private


Industry
Greeting card


Founded
Brooklyn, Ohio, United States (1906; 111 years ago (1906))


Founder
Jacob Sapirstein


Headquarters
Westlake, Ohio, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Morry Weiss (Chairman)
Zev Weiss (Co-CEO)
Jeffrey M. Weiss (Co-CEO)
John W. Beeder (President and COO)
Erwin Weiss (Senior Vice President)
Gregory M. Steinberg (CFO)





Products



Greeting cards
Gift wrap
Party goods
Giftware
Stationery
Electronic greetings
Calendars
Educational products





Brands



Carlton
Tender Thoughts
Just For You
Gibson
Care Bears
The Get Along Gang
Popples
Holly Hobbie





Owner
Weiss Family



Number of employees

27,500 (2012)[1]


Subsidiaries



Carlton Cards
Those Characters from Cleveland
Clintons





Website
ag.com


American Greetings Corporation, LLC is an American privately owned company, it is the world’s largest greeting card producer. Based in Westlake, Ohio, a suburb of Cleveland, the company sells paper greeting cards, electronic greeting cards, party products (such as wrapping papers and decorations), and electronic expressive content (e.g., ringtones and images for cell phones). In addition, the company owns the Carlton Cards, Tender Thoughts, Just For You, and Gibson brands.[1]
American Greetings' toy design and licensing division, Those Characters From Cleveland (now American Greetings Properties), includes copyrighted properties such as Care Bears, Topsy and Tim, The Get Along Gang, Popples and Holly Hobbie. American Greetings also holds an exclusive license for Nickelodeon characters.



Contents


1 History
2 Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears
3 Licenses
4 Cartoonists
5 See also
6 Sponsorships
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
Founded in 1906 by Polish immigrant Jacob Sapirstein (1885–1987), who sold cards from a horse-drawn cart, American Greetings has been run by members of the family since its inception. Irving I. Stone (Sapirstein's oldest son, who changed his surname to Stone) was stuffing envelopes at age five, handling the business during his father's illness when he was nine, and worked for the company full-time upon leaving high school. He was succeeded as CEO by his son-in-law Morry Weiss in 1987, and Stone took the title "Founder-Chairman" previously held by his father, when Weiss became chairman in 1992, before dying in 2000. In 1993, American Greetings began sponsoring the Entertainment Tonight Birthdays, also in that same year, the company also introduced its new corporate mascot, the Birthday Bear, AG remained sponsor until 2000, when competitor Hallmark Cards assumed sponsorship.
In 1999, the company bought rival Gibson Greetings and united the second and third largest U.S. greeting card makers.[2]
In 2003, Morry Weiss's sons Zev and Jeffrey became CEO and President respectively; Morry Weiss remains Chairman. In early 2007, American Greetings replaced Kellogg's as the sponsor for Dragon Tales.[citation needed] American Greetings has also branched out onto the Internet, and owns a network of websites. October 25, 2007, it announced the purchase of Webshots from CNET for $45 million in cash.[3]
In October 2005, American Greetings recalled its Sesame Street toy sunglasses sold from December 2003 through August 2005, because the lenses can separate from the frames, posing a choking hazard to young children.[4]
In 2006, American Greetings celebrated its 100th anniversary.
In 2010, American Greetings announced plans to move its headquarters from Brooklyn, Ohio to a new facility at Crocker Park within the nearby city of Westlake.[5] However, in 2013, the company announced it would delay moving its operations to Westlake. Construction had been scheduled to start in early 2013, and American Greetings said it was only delaying the $150 to $200 million project.
In June 2012, American Greetings acquired assets from Clinton Cards PLC together with some of its subsidiaries.[6]
American Greetings went private once again in 2013, thus removing itself from all the public markets, agreeing to pay $18.20 per share, valuing the company at $878 million.[7]
In 2014, American Greetings sold its Brooklyn, Ohio headquarters to developers and began renting its current offices from the new owners until the move to Westlake.[8]
American Greetings opened their new Westlake headquarters in September 2016.[9]
American Greetings operates with four divisions:[10][11]

North American Social Expression Products,
International Social Expression Products,
AG Interactive (Webshots was formerly part of AG Interactive)[12]
a non-reportable operating segment, sometimes referred to as "Retail"[10]

Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears[edit]
In July 2008, American Greetings announced the sale of its Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears properties to DIC Entertainment (now part of Cookie Jar Entertainment). However, January 9, 2009 it announced that the planned sale had been canceled.[13] As a result, the properties remain under American Greetings' ownership as the company searches for a new buyer.
March 24, 2009, MoonScoop offered to pay $95 million for the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake properties and related rights held by Cookie Jar. Under that deal, American Greetings would pocket $76 million for the animation assets while Cookie Jar would get $19 million for its own rights.[14]
March 30, 2009, Cookie Jar made a $76 million counter-bid for Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake. Cookie Jar had until April 30, 2009 to complete the deal. If Cookie Jar failed to close the deal, MoonScoop had until June 7, 2009, to complete its own deal with American Greetings.[14]
In May 2009, American Greetings filed a $100 million lawsuit against Cookie Jar with Cookie Jar filing a $25 million countersuit against American Greetings over the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake deal.[15][16] In August, 2009 MoonScoop filed a lawsuit against American Greetings over the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake deal.[17][18]
In February 2015, Iconix Brand Group acquired the rights to Strawberry Shortcake from American Greetings for $105 million.[19][20]
Licenses[edit]
(Note: not all licenses are original creations by American Greetings. Some were licensed from third parties, where indicated)

Betsy's Kindergarten Adventures
Care Bears
The Electric Company (2009 TV series)
The Get Along Gang
Herself the Elf
Holly Hobbie (original)
Holly Hobbie & Friends
Kelly Clarkson[21]
Lady Lovely Locks
Madballs
Maryoku Yummy
My Pet Monster
Packages from Planet X
Paintbox Studios
Peppermint Rose
Popples
Pretty Freekin Scary
Ring Raiders
Strawberry Shortcake
Sushi Pack (created by Studio Espinosa and Cloudco[22])
TinPo (created by UNKL[23])
Topsy and Tim
Twisted Whiskers

Cartoonists[edit]

R. Crumb
Peter Guren (Ask Shagg)

See also[edit]

Cardmaking
Carlton Cards - American Greetings' Canadian branch.
Carlton Cards Retail - American Greetings' store management.
John Sands (company), Australian subsidiary
British subsidiary UK Greetings[24]
Clintons, formerly ‘Clinton Cards’ - UK card retailer acquired by American Greetings in 2012

Sponsorships[edit]

Sesame Street

References[edit]



^ a b "American Greetings, Form 10-K, Annual Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. April 30, 2012. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings to buy rival". Reading Eagle. Associated Press. November 4, 1999. Retrieved June 18, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report". Securities and Exchange Commission. December 20, 2007. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "CPSC, American Greetings Corp. Announce Recall of Sesame Street Sunglasses" (Press release). U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission. September 1, 2005. Retrieved December 8, 2014. 
^ Cho, Janet (January 7, 2010). "American Greetings may pull its world headquarters out of Brooklyn, Ohio". The Plain Dealer. Cleveland. Retrieved January 7, 2010. BROOKLYN, Ohio -- American Greetings Corp., the nation's largest publicly held greeting card manufacturer, is exploring moving its global headquarters from Brooklyn to another community - maybe even out of state - with lower taxes. 
^ "US company American Greetings acquires Clinton Cards". The Guardian. June 7, 2012. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ Cho, Janet H. (April 1, 2013). "American Greetings' Weiss Family Aims to Take the Company Private Again, Via an $878 Million Offer for Outstanding Shares". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved April 4, 2013. 
^ McFee, Michelle Jarboe (1 July 2014). "American Greetings sells Brooklyn headquarters; Lichter, Semarjian plan 150-acre industrial park". Cleveland.com. Retrieved 9 May 2015. 
^ "American Greetings opens new Westlake headquarters". Crain's Cleveland Business. 2016-09-28. Retrieved 2016-11-05. 
^ a b "Company Overview of American Greetings Corp.". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. 2014. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ McKee, Tyler (March 30, 2011). "Higher Prices Still In The Cards For American Greetings". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ "Company Overview of AG Interactive, Inc.". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. 2014. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ Grant, Allison (November 26, 2012). "American Greetings wins case against MoonScoop over Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved 2014-12-08. 
^ a b "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report". Securities and Exchange Commission. March 30, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. May 12, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "Brooklyn-based American Greetings accuses Cookie Jar Entertainment of bad faith in Strawberry Shortcake, Care Bears deal". The Plain Dealer. May 12, 2009. Retrieved May 12, 2009. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. October 7, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "MoonScoop sues American Greetings over Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake". The Plain Dealer. August 13, 2009. Retrieved August 16, 2009. 
^ Atkinson, Claire (3 February 2015). "Strawberry Shortcake is new ‘it’ girl for Iconix". New York Post. Retrieved 7 February 2015. 
^ Associated Press (3 February 2015). "Snoopy Owner Iconix to Buy Strawberry Shortcake for $105M". ABC News. Retrieved 7 February 2015. 
^ Philpot, Robert (April 7, 2015). "Kelly Clarkson launches greeting-card line". star-telegram.com. Star-Telegram. Retrieved April 8, 2015. 
^ "Studio Espinosa Illustration". studioespinosa.com. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 
^ "UNKL » TEES, TEES & MORE TEES". unklbrand.com. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 
^ "UK Greetings Greeting Card Gift Wrap Social Expression Publisher". ukgreetings.co.uk. Archived from the original on 9 May 2015. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 



External links[edit]

American Greetings
American Greetings Properties
American Greetings SEC Filings





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=American_Greetings&oldid=790314641"					
Categories: American GreetingsCompanies formerly listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies established in 1906Companies based in ClevelandGreeting cards1906 establishments in OhioHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from April 2009All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2007 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 23:00.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









American Greetings - Wikipedia





















 






American Greetings

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (April 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



American Greetings Corporation, LLC





Formerly called

Sapirstein Greeting Card Company



Type

Private


Industry
Greeting card


Founded
Brooklyn, Ohio, United States (1906; 111 years ago (1906))


Founder
Jacob Sapirstein


Headquarters
Westlake, Ohio, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Morry Weiss (Chairman)
Zev Weiss (Co-CEO)
Jeffrey M. Weiss (Co-CEO)
John W. Beeder (President and COO)
Erwin Weiss (Senior Vice President)
Gregory M. Steinberg (CFO)





Products



Greeting cards
Gift wrap
Party goods
Giftware
Stationery
Electronic greetings
Calendars
Educational products





Brands



Carlton
Tender Thoughts
Just For You
Gibson
Care Bears
The Get Along Gang
Popples
Holly Hobbie





Owner
Weiss Family



Number of employees

27,500 (2012)[1]


Subsidiaries



Carlton Cards
Those Characters from Cleveland
Clintons





Website
ag.com


American Greetings Corporation, LLC is an American privately owned company, it is the world’s largest greeting card producer. Based in Westlake, Ohio, a suburb of Cleveland, the company sells paper greeting cards, electronic greeting cards, party products (such as wrapping papers and decorations), and electronic expressive content (e.g., ringtones and images for cell phones). In addition, the company owns the Carlton Cards, Tender Thoughts, Just For You, and Gibson brands.[1]
American Greetings' toy design and licensing division, Those Characters From Cleveland (now American Greetings Properties), includes copyrighted properties such as Care Bears, Topsy and Tim, The Get Along Gang, Popples and Holly Hobbie. American Greetings also holds an exclusive license for Nickelodeon characters.



Contents


1 History
2 Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears
3 Licenses
4 Cartoonists
5 See also
6 Sponsorships
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
Founded in 1906 by Polish immigrant Jacob Sapirstein (1885–1987), who sold cards from a horse-drawn cart, American Greetings has been run by members of the family since its inception. Irving I. Stone (Sapirstein's oldest son, who changed his surname to Stone) was stuffing envelopes at age five, handling the business during his father's illness when he was nine, and worked for the company full-time upon leaving high school. He was succeeded as CEO by his son-in-law Morry Weiss in 1987, and Stone took the title "Founder-Chairman" previously held by his father, when Weiss became chairman in 1992, before dying in 2000. In 1993, American Greetings began sponsoring the Entertainment Tonight Birthdays, also in that same year, the company also introduced its new corporate mascot, the Birthday Bear, AG remained sponsor until 2000, when competitor Hallmark Cards assumed sponsorship.
In 1999, the company bought rival Gibson Greetings and united the second and third largest U.S. greeting card makers.[2]
In 2003, Morry Weiss's sons Zev and Jeffrey became CEO and President respectively; Morry Weiss remains Chairman. In early 2007, American Greetings replaced Kellogg's as the sponsor for Dragon Tales.[citation needed] American Greetings has also branched out onto the Internet, and owns a network of websites. October 25, 2007, it announced the purchase of Webshots from CNET for $45 million in cash.[3]
In October 2005, American Greetings recalled its Sesame Street toy sunglasses sold from December 2003 through August 2005, because the lenses can separate from the frames, posing a choking hazard to young children.[4]
In 2006, American Greetings celebrated its 100th anniversary.
In 2010, American Greetings announced plans to move its headquarters from Brooklyn, Ohio to a new facility at Crocker Park within the nearby city of Westlake.[5] However, in 2013, the company announced it would delay moving its operations to Westlake. Construction had been scheduled to start in early 2013, and American Greetings said it was only delaying the $150 to $200 million project.
In June 2012, American Greetings acquired assets from Clinton Cards PLC together with some of its subsidiaries.[6]
American Greetings went private once again in 2013, thus removing itself from all the public markets, agreeing to pay $18.20 per share, valuing the company at $878 million.[7]
In 2014, American Greetings sold its Brooklyn, Ohio headquarters to developers and began renting its current offices from the new owners until the move to Westlake.[8]
American Greetings opened their new Westlake headquarters in September 2016.[9]
American Greetings operates with four divisions:[10][11]

North American Social Expression Products,
International Social Expression Products,
AG Interactive (Webshots was formerly part of AG Interactive)[12]
a non-reportable operating segment, sometimes referred to as "Retail"[10]

Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears[edit]
In July 2008, American Greetings announced the sale of its Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears properties to DIC Entertainment (now part of Cookie Jar Entertainment). However, January 9, 2009 it announced that the planned sale had been canceled.[13] As a result, the properties remain under American Greetings' ownership as the company searches for a new buyer.
March 24, 2009, MoonScoop offered to pay $95 million for the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake properties and related rights held by Cookie Jar. Under that deal, American Greetings would pocket $76 million for the animation assets while Cookie Jar would get $19 million for its own rights.[14]
March 30, 2009, Cookie Jar made a $76 million counter-bid for Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake. Cookie Jar had until April 30, 2009 to complete the deal. If Cookie Jar failed to close the deal, MoonScoop had until June 7, 2009, to complete its own deal with American Greetings.[14]
In May 2009, American Greetings filed a $100 million lawsuit against Cookie Jar with Cookie Jar filing a $25 million countersuit against American Greetings over the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake deal.[15][16] In August, 2009 MoonScoop filed a lawsuit against American Greetings over the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake deal.[17][18]
In February 2015, Iconix Brand Group acquired the rights to Strawberry Shortcake from American Greetings for $105 million.[19][20]
Licenses[edit]
(Note: not all licenses are original creations by American Greetings. Some were licensed from third parties, where indicated)

Betsy's Kindergarten Adventures
Care Bears
The Electric Company (2009 TV series)
The Get Along Gang
Herself the Elf
Holly Hobbie (original)
Holly Hobbie & Friends
Kelly Clarkson[21]
Lady Lovely Locks
Madballs
Maryoku Yummy
My Pet Monster
Packages from Planet X
Paintbox Studios
Peppermint Rose
Popples
Pretty Freekin Scary
Ring Raiders
Strawberry Shortcake
Sushi Pack (created by Studio Espinosa and Cloudco[22])
TinPo (created by UNKL[23])
Topsy and Tim
Twisted Whiskers

Cartoonists[edit]

R. Crumb
Peter Guren (Ask Shagg)

See also[edit]

Cardmaking
Carlton Cards - American Greetings' Canadian branch.
Carlton Cards Retail - American Greetings' store management.
John Sands (company), Australian subsidiary
British subsidiary UK Greetings[24]
Clintons, formerly ‘Clinton Cards’ - UK card retailer acquired by American Greetings in 2012

Sponsorships[edit]

Sesame Street

References[edit]



^ a b "American Greetings, Form 10-K, Annual Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. April 30, 2012. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings to buy rival". Reading Eagle. Associated Press. November 4, 1999. Retrieved June 18, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report". Securities and Exchange Commission. December 20, 2007. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "CPSC, American Greetings Corp. Announce Recall of Sesame Street Sunglasses" (Press release). U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission. September 1, 2005. Retrieved December 8, 2014. 
^ Cho, Janet (January 7, 2010). "American Greetings may pull its world headquarters out of Brooklyn, Ohio". The Plain Dealer. Cleveland. Retrieved January 7, 2010. BROOKLYN, Ohio -- American Greetings Corp., the nation's largest publicly held greeting card manufacturer, is exploring moving its global headquarters from Brooklyn to another community - maybe even out of state - with lower taxes. 
^ "US company American Greetings acquires Clinton Cards". The Guardian. June 7, 2012. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ Cho, Janet H. (April 1, 2013). "American Greetings' Weiss Family Aims to Take the Company Private Again, Via an $878 Million Offer for Outstanding Shares". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved April 4, 2013. 
^ McFee, Michelle Jarboe (1 July 2014). "American Greetings sells Brooklyn headquarters; Lichter, Semarjian plan 150-acre industrial park". Cleveland.com. Retrieved 9 May 2015. 
^ "American Greetings opens new Westlake headquarters". Crain's Cleveland Business. 2016-09-28. Retrieved 2016-11-05. 
^ a b "Company Overview of American Greetings Corp.". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. 2014. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ McKee, Tyler (March 30, 2011). "Higher Prices Still In The Cards For American Greetings". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ "Company Overview of AG Interactive, Inc.". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. 2014. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ Grant, Allison (November 26, 2012). "American Greetings wins case against MoonScoop over Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved 2014-12-08. 
^ a b "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report". Securities and Exchange Commission. March 30, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. May 12, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "Brooklyn-based American Greetings accuses Cookie Jar Entertainment of bad faith in Strawberry Shortcake, Care Bears deal". The Plain Dealer. May 12, 2009. Retrieved May 12, 2009. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. October 7, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "MoonScoop sues American Greetings over Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake". The Plain Dealer. August 13, 2009. Retrieved August 16, 2009. 
^ Atkinson, Claire (3 February 2015). "Strawberry Shortcake is new ‘it’ girl for Iconix". New York Post. Retrieved 7 February 2015. 
^ Associated Press (3 February 2015). "Snoopy Owner Iconix to Buy Strawberry Shortcake for $105M". ABC News. Retrieved 7 February 2015. 
^ Philpot, Robert (April 7, 2015). "Kelly Clarkson launches greeting-card line". star-telegram.com. Star-Telegram. Retrieved April 8, 2015. 
^ "Studio Espinosa Illustration". studioespinosa.com. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 
^ "UNKL » TEES, TEES & MORE TEES". unklbrand.com. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 
^ "UK Greetings Greeting Card Gift Wrap Social Expression Publisher". ukgreetings.co.uk. Archived from the original on 9 May 2015. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 



External links[edit]

American Greetings
American Greetings Properties
American Greetings SEC Filings





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=American_Greetings&oldid=790314641"					
Categories: American GreetingsCompanies formerly listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies established in 1906Companies based in ClevelandGreeting cards1906 establishments in OhioHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from April 2009All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2007 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 23:00.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









American Greetings - Wikipedia





















 






American Greetings

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (April 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



American Greetings Corporation, LLC





Formerly called

Sapirstein Greeting Card Company



Type

Private


Industry
Greeting card


Founded
Brooklyn, Ohio, United States (1906; 111 years ago (1906))


Founder
Jacob Sapirstein


Headquarters
Westlake, Ohio, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Morry Weiss (Chairman)
Zev Weiss (Co-CEO)
Jeffrey M. Weiss (Co-CEO)
John W. Beeder (President and COO)
Erwin Weiss (Senior Vice President)
Gregory M. Steinberg (CFO)





Products



Greeting cards
Gift wrap
Party goods
Giftware
Stationery
Electronic greetings
Calendars
Educational products





Brands



Carlton
Tender Thoughts
Just For You
Gibson
Care Bears
The Get Along Gang
Popples
Holly Hobbie





Owner
Weiss Family



Number of employees

27,500 (2012)[1]


Subsidiaries



Carlton Cards
Those Characters from Cleveland
Clintons





Website
ag.com


American Greetings Corporation, LLC is an American privately owned company, it is the world’s largest greeting card producer. Based in Westlake, Ohio, a suburb of Cleveland, the company sells paper greeting cards, electronic greeting cards, party products (such as wrapping papers and decorations), and electronic expressive content (e.g., ringtones and images for cell phones). In addition, the company owns the Carlton Cards, Tender Thoughts, Just For You, and Gibson brands.[1]
American Greetings' toy design and licensing division, Those Characters From Cleveland (now American Greetings Properties), includes copyrighted properties such as Care Bears, Topsy and Tim, The Get Along Gang, Popples and Holly Hobbie. American Greetings also holds an exclusive license for Nickelodeon characters.



Contents


1 History
2 Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears
3 Licenses
4 Cartoonists
5 See also
6 Sponsorships
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
Founded in 1906 by Polish immigrant Jacob Sapirstein (1885–1987), who sold cards from a horse-drawn cart, American Greetings has been run by members of the family since its inception. Irving I. Stone (Sapirstein's oldest son, who changed his surname to Stone) was stuffing envelopes at age five, handling the business during his father's illness when he was nine, and worked for the company full-time upon leaving high school. He was succeeded as CEO by his son-in-law Morry Weiss in 1987, and Stone took the title "Founder-Chairman" previously held by his father, when Weiss became chairman in 1992, before dying in 2000. In 1993, American Greetings began sponsoring the Entertainment Tonight Birthdays, also in that same year, the company also introduced its new corporate mascot, the Birthday Bear, AG remained sponsor until 2000, when competitor Hallmark Cards assumed sponsorship.
In 1999, the company bought rival Gibson Greetings and united the second and third largest U.S. greeting card makers.[2]
In 2003, Morry Weiss's sons Zev and Jeffrey became CEO and President respectively; Morry Weiss remains Chairman. In early 2007, American Greetings replaced Kellogg's as the sponsor for Dragon Tales.[citation needed] American Greetings has also branched out onto the Internet, and owns a network of websites. October 25, 2007, it announced the purchase of Webshots from CNET for $45 million in cash.[3]
In October 2005, American Greetings recalled its Sesame Street toy sunglasses sold from December 2003 through August 2005, because the lenses can separate from the frames, posing a choking hazard to young children.[4]
In 2006, American Greetings celebrated its 100th anniversary.
In 2010, American Greetings announced plans to move its headquarters from Brooklyn, Ohio to a new facility at Crocker Park within the nearby city of Westlake.[5] However, in 2013, the company announced it would delay moving its operations to Westlake. Construction had been scheduled to start in early 2013, and American Greetings said it was only delaying the $150 to $200 million project.
In June 2012, American Greetings acquired assets from Clinton Cards PLC together with some of its subsidiaries.[6]
American Greetings went private once again in 2013, thus removing itself from all the public markets, agreeing to pay $18.20 per share, valuing the company at $878 million.[7]
In 2014, American Greetings sold its Brooklyn, Ohio headquarters to developers and began renting its current offices from the new owners until the move to Westlake.[8]
American Greetings opened their new Westlake headquarters in September 2016.[9]
American Greetings operates with four divisions:[10][11]

North American Social Expression Products,
International Social Expression Products,
AG Interactive (Webshots was formerly part of AG Interactive)[12]
a non-reportable operating segment, sometimes referred to as "Retail"[10]

Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears[edit]
In July 2008, American Greetings announced the sale of its Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears properties to DIC Entertainment (now part of Cookie Jar Entertainment). However, January 9, 2009 it announced that the planned sale had been canceled.[13] As a result, the properties remain under American Greetings' ownership as the company searches for a new buyer.
March 24, 2009, MoonScoop offered to pay $95 million for the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake properties and related rights held by Cookie Jar. Under that deal, American Greetings would pocket $76 million for the animation assets while Cookie Jar would get $19 million for its own rights.[14]
March 30, 2009, Cookie Jar made a $76 million counter-bid for Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake. Cookie Jar had until April 30, 2009 to complete the deal. If Cookie Jar failed to close the deal, MoonScoop had until June 7, 2009, to complete its own deal with American Greetings.[14]
In May 2009, American Greetings filed a $100 million lawsuit against Cookie Jar with Cookie Jar filing a $25 million countersuit against American Greetings over the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake deal.[15][16] In August, 2009 MoonScoop filed a lawsuit against American Greetings over the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake deal.[17][18]
In February 2015, Iconix Brand Group acquired the rights to Strawberry Shortcake from American Greetings for $105 million.[19][20]
Licenses[edit]
(Note: not all licenses are original creations by American Greetings. Some were licensed from third parties, where indicated)

Betsy's Kindergarten Adventures
Care Bears
The Electric Company (2009 TV series)
The Get Along Gang
Herself the Elf
Holly Hobbie (original)
Holly Hobbie & Friends
Kelly Clarkson[21]
Lady Lovely Locks
Madballs
Maryoku Yummy
My Pet Monster
Packages from Planet X
Paintbox Studios
Peppermint Rose
Popples
Pretty Freekin Scary
Ring Raiders
Strawberry Shortcake
Sushi Pack (created by Studio Espinosa and Cloudco[22])
TinPo (created by UNKL[23])
Topsy and Tim
Twisted Whiskers

Cartoonists[edit]

R. Crumb
Peter Guren (Ask Shagg)

See also[edit]

Cardmaking
Carlton Cards - American Greetings' Canadian branch.
Carlton Cards Retail - American Greetings' store management.
John Sands (company), Australian subsidiary
British subsidiary UK Greetings[24]
Clintons, formerly ‘Clinton Cards’ - UK card retailer acquired by American Greetings in 2012

Sponsorships[edit]

Sesame Street

References[edit]



^ a b "American Greetings, Form 10-K, Annual Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. April 30, 2012. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings to buy rival". Reading Eagle. Associated Press. November 4, 1999. Retrieved June 18, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report". Securities and Exchange Commission. December 20, 2007. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "CPSC, American Greetings Corp. Announce Recall of Sesame Street Sunglasses" (Press release). U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission. September 1, 2005. Retrieved December 8, 2014. 
^ Cho, Janet (January 7, 2010). "American Greetings may pull its world headquarters out of Brooklyn, Ohio". The Plain Dealer. Cleveland. Retrieved January 7, 2010. BROOKLYN, Ohio -- American Greetings Corp., the nation's largest publicly held greeting card manufacturer, is exploring moving its global headquarters from Brooklyn to another community - maybe even out of state - with lower taxes. 
^ "US company American Greetings acquires Clinton Cards". The Guardian. June 7, 2012. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ Cho, Janet H. (April 1, 2013). "American Greetings' Weiss Family Aims to Take the Company Private Again, Via an $878 Million Offer for Outstanding Shares". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved April 4, 2013. 
^ McFee, Michelle Jarboe (1 July 2014). "American Greetings sells Brooklyn headquarters; Lichter, Semarjian plan 150-acre industrial park". Cleveland.com. Retrieved 9 May 2015. 
^ "American Greetings opens new Westlake headquarters". Crain's Cleveland Business. 2016-09-28. Retrieved 2016-11-05. 
^ a b "Company Overview of American Greetings Corp.". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. 2014. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ McKee, Tyler (March 30, 2011). "Higher Prices Still In The Cards For American Greetings". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ "Company Overview of AG Interactive, Inc.". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. 2014. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ Grant, Allison (November 26, 2012). "American Greetings wins case against MoonScoop over Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved 2014-12-08. 
^ a b "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report". Securities and Exchange Commission. March 30, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. May 12, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "Brooklyn-based American Greetings accuses Cookie Jar Entertainment of bad faith in Strawberry Shortcake, Care Bears deal". The Plain Dealer. May 12, 2009. Retrieved May 12, 2009. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. October 7, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "MoonScoop sues American Greetings over Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake". The Plain Dealer. August 13, 2009. Retrieved August 16, 2009. 
^ Atkinson, Claire (3 February 2015). "Strawberry Shortcake is new ‘it’ girl for Iconix". New York Post. Retrieved 7 February 2015. 
^ Associated Press (3 February 2015). "Snoopy Owner Iconix to Buy Strawberry Shortcake for $105M". ABC News. Retrieved 7 February 2015. 
^ Philpot, Robert (April 7, 2015). "Kelly Clarkson launches greeting-card line". star-telegram.com. Star-Telegram. Retrieved April 8, 2015. 
^ "Studio Espinosa Illustration". studioespinosa.com. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 
^ "UNKL » TEES, TEES & MORE TEES". unklbrand.com. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 
^ "UK Greetings Greeting Card Gift Wrap Social Expression Publisher". ukgreetings.co.uk. Archived from the original on 9 May 2015. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 



External links[edit]

American Greetings
American Greetings Properties
American Greetings SEC Filings





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=American_Greetings&oldid=790314641"					
Categories: American GreetingsCompanies formerly listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies established in 1906Companies based in ClevelandGreeting cards1906 establishments in OhioHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from April 2009All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2007 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 23:00.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









American Greetings - Wikipedia





















 






American Greetings

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (April 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



American Greetings Corporation, LLC





Formerly called

Sapirstein Greeting Card Company



Type

Private


Industry
Greeting card


Founded
Brooklyn, Ohio, United States (1906; 111 years ago (1906))


Founder
Jacob Sapirstein


Headquarters
Westlake, Ohio, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Morry Weiss (Chairman)
Zev Weiss (Co-CEO)
Jeffrey M. Weiss (Co-CEO)
John W. Beeder (President and COO)
Erwin Weiss (Senior Vice President)
Gregory M. Steinberg (CFO)





Products



Greeting cards
Gift wrap
Party goods
Giftware
Stationery
Electronic greetings
Calendars
Educational products





Brands



Carlton
Tender Thoughts
Just For You
Gibson
Care Bears
The Get Along Gang
Popples
Holly Hobbie





Owner
Weiss Family



Number of employees

27,500 (2012)[1]


Subsidiaries



Carlton Cards
Those Characters from Cleveland
Clintons





Website
ag.com


American Greetings Corporation, LLC is an American privately owned company, it is the world’s largest greeting card producer. Based in Westlake, Ohio, a suburb of Cleveland, the company sells paper greeting cards, electronic greeting cards, party products (such as wrapping papers and decorations), and electronic expressive content (e.g., ringtones and images for cell phones). In addition, the company owns the Carlton Cards, Tender Thoughts, Just For You, and Gibson brands.[1]
American Greetings' toy design and licensing division, Those Characters From Cleveland (now American Greetings Properties), includes copyrighted properties such as Care Bears, Topsy and Tim, The Get Along Gang, Popples and Holly Hobbie. American Greetings also holds an exclusive license for Nickelodeon characters.



Contents


1 History
2 Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears
3 Licenses
4 Cartoonists
5 See also
6 Sponsorships
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
Founded in 1906 by Polish immigrant Jacob Sapirstein (1885–1987), who sold cards from a horse-drawn cart, American Greetings has been run by members of the family since its inception. Irving I. Stone (Sapirstein's oldest son, who changed his surname to Stone) was stuffing envelopes at age five, handling the business during his father's illness when he was nine, and worked for the company full-time upon leaving high school. He was succeeded as CEO by his son-in-law Morry Weiss in 1987, and Stone took the title "Founder-Chairman" previously held by his father, when Weiss became chairman in 1992, before dying in 2000. In 1993, American Greetings began sponsoring the Entertainment Tonight Birthdays, also in that same year, the company also introduced its new corporate mascot, the Birthday Bear, AG remained sponsor until 2000, when competitor Hallmark Cards assumed sponsorship.
In 1999, the company bought rival Gibson Greetings and united the second and third largest U.S. greeting card makers.[2]
In 2003, Morry Weiss's sons Zev and Jeffrey became CEO and President respectively; Morry Weiss remains Chairman. In early 2007, American Greetings replaced Kellogg's as the sponsor for Dragon Tales.[citation needed] American Greetings has also branched out onto the Internet, and owns a network of websites. October 25, 2007, it announced the purchase of Webshots from CNET for $45 million in cash.[3]
In October 2005, American Greetings recalled its Sesame Street toy sunglasses sold from December 2003 through August 2005, because the lenses can separate from the frames, posing a choking hazard to young children.[4]
In 2006, American Greetings celebrated its 100th anniversary.
In 2010, American Greetings announced plans to move its headquarters from Brooklyn, Ohio to a new facility at Crocker Park within the nearby city of Westlake.[5] However, in 2013, the company announced it would delay moving its operations to Westlake. Construction had been scheduled to start in early 2013, and American Greetings said it was only delaying the $150 to $200 million project.
In June 2012, American Greetings acquired assets from Clinton Cards PLC together with some of its subsidiaries.[6]
American Greetings went private once again in 2013, thus removing itself from all the public markets, agreeing to pay $18.20 per share, valuing the company at $878 million.[7]
In 2014, American Greetings sold its Brooklyn, Ohio headquarters to developers and began renting its current offices from the new owners until the move to Westlake.[8]
American Greetings opened their new Westlake headquarters in September 2016.[9]
American Greetings operates with four divisions:[10][11]

North American Social Expression Products,
International Social Expression Products,
AG Interactive (Webshots was formerly part of AG Interactive)[12]
a non-reportable operating segment, sometimes referred to as "Retail"[10]

Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears[edit]
In July 2008, American Greetings announced the sale of its Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears properties to DIC Entertainment (now part of Cookie Jar Entertainment). However, January 9, 2009 it announced that the planned sale had been canceled.[13] As a result, the properties remain under American Greetings' ownership as the company searches for a new buyer.
March 24, 2009, MoonScoop offered to pay $95 million for the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake properties and related rights held by Cookie Jar. Under that deal, American Greetings would pocket $76 million for the animation assets while Cookie Jar would get $19 million for its own rights.[14]
March 30, 2009, Cookie Jar made a $76 million counter-bid for Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake. Cookie Jar had until April 30, 2009 to complete the deal. If Cookie Jar failed to close the deal, MoonScoop had until June 7, 2009, to complete its own deal with American Greetings.[14]
In May 2009, American Greetings filed a $100 million lawsuit against Cookie Jar with Cookie Jar filing a $25 million countersuit against American Greetings over the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake deal.[15][16] In August, 2009 MoonScoop filed a lawsuit against American Greetings over the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake deal.[17][18]
In February 2015, Iconix Brand Group acquired the rights to Strawberry Shortcake from American Greetings for $105 million.[19][20]
Licenses[edit]
(Note: not all licenses are original creations by American Greetings. Some were licensed from third parties, where indicated)

Betsy's Kindergarten Adventures
Care Bears
The Electric Company (2009 TV series)
The Get Along Gang
Herself the Elf
Holly Hobbie (original)
Holly Hobbie & Friends
Kelly Clarkson[21]
Lady Lovely Locks
Madballs
Maryoku Yummy
My Pet Monster
Packages from Planet X
Paintbox Studios
Peppermint Rose
Popples
Pretty Freekin Scary
Ring Raiders
Strawberry Shortcake
Sushi Pack (created by Studio Espinosa and Cloudco[22])
TinPo (created by UNKL[23])
Topsy and Tim
Twisted Whiskers

Cartoonists[edit]

R. Crumb
Peter Guren (Ask Shagg)

See also[edit]

Cardmaking
Carlton Cards - American Greetings' Canadian branch.
Carlton Cards Retail - American Greetings' store management.
John Sands (company), Australian subsidiary
British subsidiary UK Greetings[24]
Clintons, formerly ‘Clinton Cards’ - UK card retailer acquired by American Greetings in 2012

Sponsorships[edit]

Sesame Street

References[edit]



^ a b "American Greetings, Form 10-K, Annual Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. April 30, 2012. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings to buy rival". Reading Eagle. Associated Press. November 4, 1999. Retrieved June 18, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report". Securities and Exchange Commission. December 20, 2007. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "CPSC, American Greetings Corp. Announce Recall of Sesame Street Sunglasses" (Press release). U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission. September 1, 2005. Retrieved December 8, 2014. 
^ Cho, Janet (January 7, 2010). "American Greetings may pull its world headquarters out of Brooklyn, Ohio". The Plain Dealer. Cleveland. Retrieved January 7, 2010. BROOKLYN, Ohio -- American Greetings Corp., the nation's largest publicly held greeting card manufacturer, is exploring moving its global headquarters from Brooklyn to another community - maybe even out of state - with lower taxes. 
^ "US company American Greetings acquires Clinton Cards". The Guardian. June 7, 2012. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ Cho, Janet H. (April 1, 2013). "American Greetings' Weiss Family Aims to Take the Company Private Again, Via an $878 Million Offer for Outstanding Shares". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved April 4, 2013. 
^ McFee, Michelle Jarboe (1 July 2014). "American Greetings sells Brooklyn headquarters; Lichter, Semarjian plan 150-acre industrial park". Cleveland.com. Retrieved 9 May 2015. 
^ "American Greetings opens new Westlake headquarters". Crain's Cleveland Business. 2016-09-28. Retrieved 2016-11-05. 
^ a b "Company Overview of American Greetings Corp.". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. 2014. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ McKee, Tyler (March 30, 2011). "Higher Prices Still In The Cards For American Greetings". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ "Company Overview of AG Interactive, Inc.". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. 2014. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ Grant, Allison (November 26, 2012). "American Greetings wins case against MoonScoop over Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved 2014-12-08. 
^ a b "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report". Securities and Exchange Commission. March 30, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. May 12, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "Brooklyn-based American Greetings accuses Cookie Jar Entertainment of bad faith in Strawberry Shortcake, Care Bears deal". The Plain Dealer. May 12, 2009. Retrieved May 12, 2009. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. October 7, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "MoonScoop sues American Greetings over Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake". The Plain Dealer. August 13, 2009. Retrieved August 16, 2009. 
^ Atkinson, Claire (3 February 2015). "Strawberry Shortcake is new ‘it’ girl for Iconix". New York Post. Retrieved 7 February 2015. 
^ Associated Press (3 February 2015). "Snoopy Owner Iconix to Buy Strawberry Shortcake for $105M". ABC News. Retrieved 7 February 2015. 
^ Philpot, Robert (April 7, 2015). "Kelly Clarkson launches greeting-card line". star-telegram.com. Star-Telegram. Retrieved April 8, 2015. 
^ "Studio Espinosa Illustration". studioespinosa.com. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 
^ "UNKL » TEES, TEES & MORE TEES". unklbrand.com. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 
^ "UK Greetings Greeting Card Gift Wrap Social Expression Publisher". ukgreetings.co.uk. Archived from the original on 9 May 2015. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 



External links[edit]

American Greetings
American Greetings Properties
American Greetings SEC Filings





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=American_Greetings&oldid=790314641"					
Categories: American GreetingsCompanies formerly listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies established in 1906Companies based in ClevelandGreeting cards1906 establishments in OhioHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from April 2009All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2007 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 23:00.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 












American Greetings: Greeting Cards - Email or Print Cards Today





















































Skip to navigation
Skip to content








Sign In
Join Now
our purpose
member benefits
find a retailer


Welcome to American Greetings





ecards

Innovative ecards to send, share or post



Occasions
Anniversary
Baby
Birthday
Congratulations
Encourage & Support
Friendship
Get Well
Goodbye & Good Luck
Graduation
Just Because
Love
Sympathy
Thank You
Wedding & Engagement




Holidays
Friendship Day 8/6
Labor Day 9/4
Grandparents Day 9/10
Patriot Day 9/11
Rosh Hashanah 9/20 - 9/22
Breast Cancer Awareness Month
Canadian Thanksgiving 10/9
Columbus Day 10/9
Boss's Day 10/16
Sweetest Day 10/21
Diwali 10/18 - 10/22
Halloween 10/31




Collections
Brighten Someone's Day
Everyday Grace
Funny Ecards
Game Ecards
Pet Ecards
Shark Ecards
Talking Ecards
Video Ecards
Wonder Woman
Kathy Davis


Gifts
Gifts & Gift Cards
Gift Membership




View all holiday ecards »
View all ecards »



Print At Home

Create and print cards from your home computer.



Occasions & Invitations
Anniversary
Baby
Birthday
Congratulations
Encourage & Support
Friendship
Get Well
Goodbye & Good Luck




Graduation
Just Because
Love
Party
Sympathy
Thank You
Thinking of You
Wedding & Engagement




Holidays
Friendship Day 8/6
Grandparents Day 9/10
Rosh Hashanah 9/20 - 9/22
Boss's Day 10/16
Diwali 10/19
Halloween 10/31




View all holiday print at home cards »
view all print at home cards »



Shop

Buy Greeting Cards, Party Supplies, Gift Wrap and More!



Paper Cards
Stationery Sets
Greeting Card Bundles
Greeting Cards




Party Supplies
Decorations
Party Favors
Party Invitations & Thank Yous
Tableware




Gift Wrap & Bows
Gift Bags
Bows
Tissue Paper
Wrapping Paper




view all at our online store »






choose which product to search

search ecards
search print at home



type your search term here



find greeting












Your membership is set up to expire. Turn on automatic renewal.
close











Shark Extravaganza



Summer is here and that means it's shark season. Celebrate with a fun ecard for your family and friends!
See shark ecards


See more:
Birthday Ecards,
Summer Ecards,
Shark Ecards








Birthday Ecards




Send happy birthday wishes with our newest ecards that are sure to bring a smile to their face.
See birthday ecards







Anniversary Ecards




Whether it's for your sweetheart or a special couple, send an ecard to show how much you care.
See anniversary ecards







Interactive Game Ecards




Did you know ecards can also be games, quizzes or puzzles? Play a game, send an ecard, or do both!
See interactive game ecards











Print at Home




They'll never get a card like this! Personalize and print one-of-a-kind birthday wishes from your home computer.
See birthday printables







Give Meaning




We recognize the importance of relationships and how cards help give meaning to the real moments in life that matter.
Give meaning to what matters







Shop from Home




Shop greeting cards, gift wrap, party supplies & more from the comfort of your own home.
Shop paper cards and more













Ecards

Birthday Ecards
Christmas Ecards
Ecard Site Map
Ecard Pickup

Shop

Paper Cards
Party Supplies
Gift Wrap & Bows
Find a Retailer



Print at Home

Birthday
Christmas
Print at Home Site Map

Gifts

Gift Cards
Gift Membership




Apps & More

Affiliate Program
Wallpapers & Screensavers
Reminders Calendar
iPhone App
justWink App
Creatacard App
Live Greetings App
Shuttersong
Retail Stationery Templates
Accessibility



Corporate News

Careers
About American Greetings
Investor Relations
Press Room
Email Protection Resource Center
Online Trust Alliance Winner



We Are Social

Like Us on Facebook
Blog
Instagram
Check Out our Pins
Follow Us on Twitter
Google Plus





Help Give Us Feedback Contact Us Member Benefits Terms of Service Privacy Policy updated May 3, 2017

Check out our friends at: Bluemountain.com Cardstore.com
AmericanGreetings.com is a service of AG Interactive. ©1996-2017 AGCM, Inc. All rights reserved.



























About Us - American Greetings







































About Us  
As a leader in meaningful connections, American Greetings is a creator and manufacturer of innovative social expression products that assist consumers in making the world a more thoughtful and caring place. Founded in 1906, the Company's major greeting card lines are American Greetings, Carlton Cards, Gibson, Recycled Paper Greetings and Papyrus, and other paper product offerings include DesignWare party goods and American Greetings and Plus Mark gift-wrap and boxed cards. American Greetings also has one of the largest collections of greetings on the Web, including greeting cards available at Cardstore.com and electronic greeting cards available at AmericanGreetings.com. In addition to its product lines, American Greetings also creates and licenses popular character brands through the American Greetings Entertainment group. Headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio, American Greetings generates annual revenue of approximately $1.8 billion, and its products can be found in retail outlets worldwide.


 
















FIND 
        A STORE        LEGAL 
        INFORMATION         CONTACT 
        US        � 
      2017 AGC, LLC ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Follow Us: Twitter @AMGreetings  Facebook  Pinterest •  Blog 
























American Greetings Corp: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















american greetings corp
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Discretionary
Industry: Home & Office Products
Sub-Industry: Home & Office Furnishings
American Greetings Corporation designs, manufactures, distributes, and sells social expressions products. The Company greeting cards, gift wrap, paper party goods, candles, balloons, stationery, and giftware products. American Greetings serves customers worldwide.




Corporate Information
Address:

1 American Road
Cleveland, OH 44144-8151
United States


Phone:
1-216-252-7300


Fax:
1-216-252-6778


Web url:
corporate.americangreetings.com





Board Members




Chairman
Company


Morry Weiss
Yeshiva University








Co-Chief Executive Officer
Company


Jeffrey Weiss
American Greetings Corp


Zev Weiss
American Greetings Corp








VP:Intl Business Development
Company


Gary Weiss
American Greetings Corp








President/COO
Company


John Beeder
American Greetings Corp








President:Real Estate
Company


Elie Weiss
American Greetings Corp


























From The Web












Press Releases




American Greetings Corporation and Century Intermediate Holding  Company 2 Announce Cash Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation

Jan 30, 2017






Key Executives


Zev Weiss


Co-Chief Executive Officer




Jeffrey M Weiss


Co-Chief Executive Officer




John W Beeder


President/COO




Robert D Tyler


Chief Acctg Officer/Controller




Gregory M Steinberg


Chief Financial Officer




Elie Weiss


President:Real Estate




Douglas W Rommel


Senior VP/CIO




Erwin Weiss


Senior Vice President




Thomas H Johnston


Senior VP:Creative




Brian T McGrath


Senior VP:Human Resources




Christopher W Haffke


VP/Secretary/General Counsel




Gary L Weiss


VP:Intl Business Development



Show More


Show Less






Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data






































American Greetings Corp.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 1:52 PM ET
Household Durables

Company Overview of American Greetings Corp.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
American Greetings Corporation designs, manufactures, distributes, and sells social expressions products. The company operates through five segments: North American Social Expression Products, International Social Expression Products, Retail Operations, AG Interactive, and Non-reportable. It offers greeting cards, gift packaging, party goods, giftware, stationery, and gift wrap and boxed cards. The company also distributes social expression products, including electronic greetings, and a range of graphics and digital services and products through electronic channels, including Websites, Internet portals, and electronic mobile devices; and creates and licenses its intellectual properties, suc...
American Greetings Corporation designs, manufactures, distributes, and sells social expressions products. The company operates through five segments: North American Social Expression Products, International Social Expression Products, Retail Operations, AG Interactive, and Non-reportable. It offers greeting cards, gift packaging, party goods, giftware, stationery, and gift wrap and boxed cards. The company also distributes social expression products, including electronic greetings, and a range of graphics and digital services and products through electronic channels, including Websites, Internet portals, and electronic mobile devices; and creates and licenses its intellectual properties, such as the Care Bears characters. Its greeting card brands include American Greetings, Recycled Paper Greetings, Papyrus, Carlton Cards, Gibson, Tender Thoughts, Just For You, Today and Always, justwink, Inventions, and P.S. Hello, as well as other paper product brands comprise DesignWare and Plus Mark; and Internet and wireless brands comprise AmericanGreetings.com, BlueMountain.com, justwink.com, and Cardstore.com. The company sells its products through mass merchandisers, chain drug stores, supermarkets, card and gift shops, department stores, military post exchanges, variety stores, combo stores, and independent third-party distributors. As of February 29, 2016, it operated 397 card and gift retail stores in the United Kingdom. American Greetings Corporation was founded in 1906 and is headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio.
Detailed Description


One American RoadCleveland, OH 44144United StatesFounded in 19067,000 Employees



Phone: 216-252-7300

Fax: 216-252-6778

www.americangreetings.com







Key Executives for American Greetings Corp.




Mr. Jeffrey M. Weiss


      	Co-CEO & Director
      


Age: 53
        







Mr. Zev Weiss


      	Co-CEO & Director
      


Age: 50
        







Mr. John W. Beeder


      	President, COO & Director
      


Age: 57
        







Mr. Gregory M. Steinberg


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 44
        







Mr. Elie Weiss


      	President of Real Estate and Director
      


Age: 44
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

American Greetings Corp. Key Developments

American Greetings Corp., Q1 2018 Fixed Income Call, Jul 20, 2017
Jul 17 17
American Greetings Corp., Q1 2018 Fixed Income Call, Jul 20, 2017


American Greetings Corp., 2017 Fixed Income Call, May 22, 2017
May 17 17
American Greetings Corp., 2017 Fixed Income Call, May 22, 2017


American Greetings Corp. Presents at JP Morgan 2017 Global High Yield Leveraged Finance Conference 2017, Feb-28-2017 04:00 PM
Feb 27 17
American Greetings Corp. Presents at JP Morgan 2017 Global High Yield Leveraged Finance Conference 2017, Feb-28-2017 04:00 PM. Venue: Loews Miami Beach Hotel, 1601 Collins Avenue, Miami, FL 33139, United States. Speakers: Gregory M. Steinberg, Chief Financial Officer, Valentin Jurca, Assistant Treasurer.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 'boutKIDS, Inc. United States 2000 Concrete, LLC United States 2849 Coconut, LLC United States 3 Day Blinds LLC United States 3-D ImageTek Corporation United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      February 16, 2017
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact American Greetings Corp., please visit www.americangreetings.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























 




American Greetings Corp. - The New York Times







































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation




The New York Times







            American Greetings Corp.        

|






Search

Subscribe Now
Log In

0
Settings




Close search










Advertisement








Supported by






                American Greetings Corp.            


News about American Greetings Corp., including commentary and archival articles published in The New York Times.                    








Latest Articles






Bits

                    Birthday Greetings, Now Sent by Text and Twitter                
Birthday greetings, once sent as physical cards, have slowly been replaced by digital greeting cards. Now it seems even that is too much as people wish many happy returns over text message and Twitter.
By NICK BILTON













DealBook

                    American Greetings Buyout Is Approved by Shareholders                
A $606 million buyout of the company by its founding family received support from 81 percent of the voting power of the outstanding shares.










DealBook

                    In American Greetings Deal, Echoes of Larger Buyout for Dell                
Both deals illustrate the rise of shareholder power, as well as the devilish issues that emerge when management tries to buy a public company.










Advertising

                    Forgot to Send a Birthday Card? Phone It In                
Companies like American Greetings are moving beyond texting by offering services that send video messages to cellphones.










Saturday Interview

                    The Greeting Card Business Adapts to Change                
Zev Weiss is the chief executive of the American Greetings Corporation.











                    So You Want Ivy Around Your Desk?                
Companies have a lot to say about what you say about yourself in your work space. 











COMPANY NEWS

                    AMERICAN GREETINGS BUYS STAKE IN THE HATCHERY                
The American Greetings Corporation said yesterday that it bought a ''major'' stake in the Hatchery, which develops and produces family and children's entertainment. American Greetings, based in Cleveland, did not disclose the size of the stake or the value of the deal. The partnership will enable American Greetings, the creator of Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake, to use its characters in Hatchery's films, videos and TV shows. The Hatchery, which is co-owned by Mandalay Entertainment, will use American Greetings' 600 stores and 35,000 greeting-card retail locations to sell products.










THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING

                    Aided by Clifford and the Care Bears, companies go after the toddler market.                
MARKETERS have long had the nation's schoolchildren in their sights. Now toddlers in preschools and day care centers are getting special attention from companies eager for new customers. Two big efforts under way this summer incorporate characters that appeal to small children: Clifford the Big Red Dog and the Care Bears. The 40-year-old Clifford appears in dozens of easy-to-read picture books in various languages, with an estimated 100 million copies sold worldwide. The Care Bears had their moment in the early 1980's with a generation that is experiencing parenthood now. Both properties are linked to a kind of basic morality, and both are being harnessed in the business of selling.











                    Ex-Kmart Officials Plead Not Guilty                
Two former vice presidents at Kmart have pleaded not guilty to federal fraud charges that they overstated revenue. The two executives, Enio Montini and Joseph Hofmeister, were indicted on securities fraud and conspiracy charges on Feb. 26, in the first criminal case stemming from Kmart's bankruptcy filing.











                    Executive Accused in Stock Sale                
Regulators accused a former president of the American Greetings Corporation today of violating insider trading regulations and illegally making almost $500,000. In a civil lawsuit, the Securities and Exchange Commission accused the executive, Edward Fruchtenbaum, of selling company stock while having confidential information about earnings setbacks and making an unlawful profit of $490,625.















                    E-Commerce Report; The possible sale of Blue Mountain Arts could lead to the end of the free online greeting card.                
IS Blue Mountain Arts up for sale? Now that Excite@Home is entertaining any and all serious offers for its media properties in an effort to keep bankruptcy lawyers at bay, the future of Blue Mountain Arts, the electronic greeting card service it bought for $780 million in 1999, is very much in question.










COMPANY NEWS

                    AMERICAN GREETINGS WITHDRAWS PLANS FOR OFFERING                
The American Greetings Corporation, the greeting card company, said yesterday that it was withdrawing its plan to offer a minority stake in its online unit because of ''changing financial market conditions.'' The company did not say whether the initial public offering in AmericanGreetings.com was a postponement or a cancellation. Cleveland-based American Greetings filed in August with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hoping to raise $60 million. People who visit the AmericanGreetings.com Web site can create their own online greeting, send it electronically or print it out. The company has been discussing ways to merge its online businesses with San Francisco-based Egreetings Network Inc.










COMPANY NEWS

                    AMERICAN GREETINGS SAYS IT IS IN TALKS WITH EGREETINGS                
The American Greetings Corporation and Egreetings Network have been discussing ways to merge their online businesses, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. American Greetings, based in Cleveland, obtained a 19.6 percent stake in Egreetings through the acquisition of Gibson Greetings last month. Egreetings, based in San Francisco, offers online cards, gifts and invitations through its Web site. American Greetings warned in the S.E.C. filing that there could be no assurance an agreement would be reached.










THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING

                    Shocking Old Brands Back to Life                
F. Scott Fitzgerald said ''there are no second acts in American lives.'' But he never heard of the new Volkswagen Beetle or the Apple iMac -- to say nothing of the comebacks of entertainers like Cher and Tony Bennett. Today, second acts are as popular in the world of consumer marketing as they are in the entertainment business. Just in the last year or so, Maxwell House coffee, American Greetings cards, Volvo cars, the New York Stock Exchange and even the United States Navy have produced new advertising that tries to recast their brand names as hip and contemporary.










THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING -- ADDENDA

                    2 On-Line Concerns Choose Agencies                
Two 'dot-coms' have selected their first agencies. 800.com in Portland, Ore., a Web-based electronics retailer, named Lowe & Partners/SMS in San Francisco, part of the Lowe Group unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies, to handle its first account. Billings were estimated at $25 million. The decision came after a review that had been narrowed to Lowe and two other San Francisco-based finalists: J. Walter Thompson USA, part of the WPP Group P.L.C., and Winkler Advertising.










COMPANY NEWS

                    AMERICA ONLINE IN $100 MILLION PACT WITH CARD MAKER                
America Online Inc. said it had reached a $100 million agreement making Americangreetings.com the sole provider of greeting cards on America Online's Web sites. The agreement, for five and a half years, extends an existing arrangement to the America Online Web services AOL.com, ICQ, Digital City, Netscape Netcenter and Compuserve, as well as America Online's services in Canada, Britain, Australia, Japan, Germany and France. The original deal covered only basic America Online service. Americangreetings.com is a unit of the American Greetings Corporation of Cleveland.










COMPANY NEWS

                    AMERICAN GREETINGS TO TAKE A CHARGE AND CUT JOBS                
The American Greetings Corporation, the No. 2 greeting-card company, said yesterday that it would take a third-quarter pretax charge of between $10 million and $20 million as part of a ''pro-active'' move to cut costs and maintain growth. The charges come as part of a plan to review all operations at the company, which is based in Cleveland, and cut annual costs before taxes by $20 million to $30 million. Some of those savings will be achieved by early next year, the company said. The company's shares fell $3.875 yesterday, to $40.125. A spokesman said that 120 to 240 workers -- between 1 percent and 2 percent of the company's 12,000 full-time employees -- would be dismissed as part of the review of operations.











                    Wish You Weren't Here; It's Been Live and Let Live Until Today, But Now the Greeting Card Wars Are Under Way                
When it comes to finding ways to express truly modern sentiments, greeting card companies have long been at a loss for words. So the two pillars of the industry are taking a deep breath and trying some new tricks. American Greetings is dropping most of its traditional cards and replacing them with lines that address drug addiction, terminal illness and other issues it once shied away from. And Hallmark Cards has come out with hundreds of cards for occasions in which get well or sympathy greetings send the wrong message.










COMPANY NEWS

                    AMERICAN GREETINGS SELLING 2 CONSUMER PRODUCTS UNITS                
The American Greetings Corporation said yesterday that it had agreed to sell its Acme Frame Products and Wilhold subsidiaries, which make picture frames and women's hair care products, respectively, to the Newell Company. Terms were not disclosed. American Greetings, based in Cleveland, had pushed to diversify its offerings in recent years by adding a variety of consumer products. But in January, the company said it was considering quitting some of those businesses. Newell, based in Freeport, Ill., makes hardware and home furnishings. American Greetings shares rose 81.25 cents, to $35.9375, while shares of Newell climbed 37.5 cents, to $39.










COMPANY NEWS

                    AMERICAN GREETINGS SAYS IT IS STILL INTERESTED IN RIVAL                
The chief executive of the American Greetings Corporation said yesterday that his company remained interested in buying a rival, Gibson Greetings Inc., a year after its acquisition bid failed. The executive, Morry Weiss, said that although American Greetings was not pursuing Gibson, he would like to reopen discussions about a possible combination of American, the second-largest maker of greeting cards, and Gibson, the third largest. Gibson's president and chief executive, Frank O'Connell, declined to comment. Only the closely held Hallmark Cards Inc. is larger than American Greetings.










Show More
Skip to Navigation











Search Articles
20 results for  sorted by newest








Bits

                    Birthday Greetings, Now Sent by Text and Twitter                
Birthday greetings, once sent as physical cards, have slowly been replaced by digital greeting cards. Now it seems even that is too much as people wish many happy returns over text message and Twitter.
By NICK BILTON













DealBook

                    American Greetings Buyout Is Approved by Shareholders                
A $606 million buyout of the company by its founding family received support from 81 percent of the voting power of the outstanding shares.










DealBook

                    In American Greetings Deal, Echoes of Larger Buyout for Dell                
Both deals illustrate the rise of shareholder power, as well as the devilish issues that emerge when management tries to buy a public company.










Advertising

                    Forgot to Send a Birthday Card? Phone It In                
Companies like American Greetings are moving beyond texting by offering services that send video messages to cellphones.










Saturday Interview

                    The Greeting Card Business Adapts to Change                
Zev Weiss is the chief executive of the American Greetings Corporation.











                    So You Want Ivy Around Your Desk?                
Companies have a lot to say about what you say about yourself in your work space. 











COMPANY NEWS

                    AMERICAN GREETINGS BUYS STAKE IN THE HATCHERY                
The American Greetings Corporation said yesterday that it bought a ''major'' stake in the Hatchery, which develops and produces family and children's entertainment. American Greetings, based in Cleveland, did not disclose the size of the stake or the value of the deal. The partnership will enable American Greetings, the creator of Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake, to use its characters in Hatchery's films, videos and TV shows. The Hatchery, which is co-owned by Mandalay Entertainment, will use American Greetings' 600 stores and 35,000 greeting-card retail locations to sell products.










THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING

                    Aided by Clifford and the Care Bears, companies go after the toddler market.                
MARKETERS have long had the nation's schoolchildren in their sights. Now toddlers in preschools and day care centers are getting special attention from companies eager for new customers. Two big efforts under way this summer incorporate characters that appeal to small children: Clifford the Big Red Dog and the Care Bears. The 40-year-old Clifford appears in dozens of easy-to-read picture books in various languages, with an estimated 100 million copies sold worldwide. The Care Bears had their moment in the early 1980's with a generation that is experiencing parenthood now. Both properties are linked to a kind of basic morality, and both are being harnessed in the business of selling.











                    Ex-Kmart Officials Plead Not Guilty                
Two former vice presidents at Kmart have pleaded not guilty to federal fraud charges that they overstated revenue. The two executives, Enio Montini and Joseph Hofmeister, were indicted on securities fraud and conspiracy charges on Feb. 26, in the first criminal case stemming from Kmart's bankruptcy filing.











                    Executive Accused in Stock Sale                
Regulators accused a former president of the American Greetings Corporation today of violating insider trading regulations and illegally making almost $500,000. In a civil lawsuit, the Securities and Exchange Commission accused the executive, Edward Fruchtenbaum, of selling company stock while having confidential information about earnings setbacks and making an unlawful profit of $490,625.














                    E-Commerce Report; The possible sale of Blue Mountain Arts could lead to the end of the free online greeting card.                
IS Blue Mountain Arts up for sale? Now that Excite@Home is entertaining any and all serious offers for its media properties in an effort to keep bankruptcy lawyers at bay, the future of Blue Mountain Arts, the electronic greeting card service it bought for $780 million in 1999, is very much in question.










COMPANY NEWS

                    AMERICAN GREETINGS WITHDRAWS PLANS FOR OFFERING                
The American Greetings Corporation, the greeting card company, said yesterday that it was withdrawing its plan to offer a minority stake in its online unit because of ''changing financial market conditions.'' The company did not say whether the initial public offering in AmericanGreetings.com was a postponement or a cancellation. Cleveland-based American Greetings filed in August with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hoping to raise $60 million. People who visit the AmericanGreetings.com Web site can create their own online greeting, send it electronically or print it out. The company has been discussing ways to merge its online businesses with San Francisco-based Egreetings Network Inc.










COMPANY NEWS

                    AMERICAN GREETINGS SAYS IT IS IN TALKS WITH EGREETINGS                
The American Greetings Corporation and Egreetings Network have been discussing ways to merge their online businesses, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. American Greetings, based in Cleveland, obtained a 19.6 percent stake in Egreetings through the acquisition of Gibson Greetings last month. Egreetings, based in San Francisco, offers online cards, gifts and invitations through its Web site. American Greetings warned in the S.E.C. filing that there could be no assurance an agreement would be reached.










THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING

                    Shocking Old Brands Back to Life                
F. Scott Fitzgerald said ''there are no second acts in American lives.'' But he never heard of the new Volkswagen Beetle or the Apple iMac -- to say nothing of the comebacks of entertainers like Cher and Tony Bennett. Today, second acts are as popular in the world of consumer marketing as they are in the entertainment business. Just in the last year or so, Maxwell House coffee, American Greetings cards, Volvo cars, the New York Stock Exchange and even the United States Navy have produced new advertising that tries to recast their brand names as hip and contemporary.










THE MEDIA BUSINESS: ADVERTISING -- ADDENDA

                    2 On-Line Concerns Choose Agencies                
Two 'dot-coms' have selected their first agencies. 800.com in Portland, Ore., a Web-based electronics retailer, named Lowe & Partners/SMS in San Francisco, part of the Lowe Group unit of the Interpublic Group of Companies, to handle its first account. Billings were estimated at $25 million. The decision came after a review that had been narrowed to Lowe and two other San Francisco-based finalists: J. Walter Thompson USA, part of the WPP Group P.L.C., and Winkler Advertising.










COMPANY NEWS

                    AMERICA ONLINE IN $100 MILLION PACT WITH CARD MAKER                
America Online Inc. said it had reached a $100 million agreement making Americangreetings.com the sole provider of greeting cards on America Online's Web sites. The agreement, for five and a half years, extends an existing arrangement to the America Online Web services AOL.com, ICQ, Digital City, Netscape Netcenter and Compuserve, as well as America Online's services in Canada, Britain, Australia, Japan, Germany and France. The original deal covered only basic America Online service. Americangreetings.com is a unit of the American Greetings Corporation of Cleveland.










COMPANY NEWS

                    AMERICAN GREETINGS TO TAKE A CHARGE AND CUT JOBS                
The American Greetings Corporation, the No. 2 greeting-card company, said yesterday that it would take a third-quarter pretax charge of between $10 million and $20 million as part of a ''pro-active'' move to cut costs and maintain growth. The charges come as part of a plan to review all operations at the company, which is based in Cleveland, and cut annual costs before taxes by $20 million to $30 million. Some of those savings will be achieved by early next year, the company said. The company's shares fell $3.875 yesterday, to $40.125. A spokesman said that 120 to 240 workers -- between 1 percent and 2 percent of the company's 12,000 full-time employees -- would be dismissed as part of the review of operations.











                    Wish You Weren't Here; It's Been Live and Let Live Until Today, But Now the Greeting Card Wars Are Under Way                
When it comes to finding ways to express truly modern sentiments, greeting card companies have long been at a loss for words. So the two pillars of the industry are taking a deep breath and trying some new tricks. American Greetings is dropping most of its traditional cards and replacing them with lines that address drug addiction, terminal illness and other issues it once shied away from. And Hallmark Cards has come out with hundreds of cards for occasions in which get well or sympathy greetings send the wrong message.










COMPANY NEWS

                    AMERICAN GREETINGS SELLING 2 CONSUMER PRODUCTS UNITS                
The American Greetings Corporation said yesterday that it had agreed to sell its Acme Frame Products and Wilhold subsidiaries, which make picture frames and women's hair care products, respectively, to the Newell Company. Terms were not disclosed. American Greetings, based in Cleveland, had pushed to diversify its offerings in recent years by adding a variety of consumer products. But in January, the company said it was considering quitting some of those businesses. Newell, based in Freeport, Ill., makes hardware and home furnishings. American Greetings shares rose 81.25 cents, to $35.9375, while shares of Newell climbed 37.5 cents, to $39.










COMPANY NEWS

                    AMERICAN GREETINGS SAYS IT IS STILL INTERESTED IN RIVAL                
The chief executive of the American Greetings Corporation said yesterday that his company remained interested in buying a rival, Gibson Greetings Inc., a year after its acquisition bid failed. The executive, Morry Weiss, said that although American Greetings was not pursuing Gibson, he would like to reopen discussions about a possible combination of American, the second-largest maker of greeting cards, and Gibson, the third largest. Gibson's president and chief executive, Frank O'Connell, declined to comment. Only the closely held Hallmark Cards Inc. is larger than American Greetings.









Show More
Skip to Navigation















Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times


























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









ang="en">





 



 
 
 
 
Hallmark eCards - Home

























































  Contacting Hallmark...































American Greetings | Cards you'll Love to Send | AmericanGreetings.com
































































Start your American Greetings free trial to enjoy great benefits like these:




Unlimited access to ecards and  printable cards for birthdays, holidays, and everyday occasions worth celebrating


Full access to paper cards you customize and print from your home computer


Easily email or send via Facebook

 









Start FREE Trial  









Ecards Make Every Occasion Memorable!
Send, share or post ecards with your no-risk FREE trial!













view all ecards  




























Mother's Day Cards - Print from American Greetings























































Skip to navigation
Skip to content








Sign In
Join Now
our purpose
member benefits
find a retailer


Welcome to American Greetings





ecards

Innovative ecards to send, share or post



Occasions
Anniversary
Baby
Birthday
Congratulations
Encourage & Support
Friendship
Get Well
Goodbye & Good Luck
Graduation
Just Because
Love
Sympathy
Thank You
Wedding & Engagement




Holidays
Friendship Day 8/6
Labor Day 9/4
Grandparents Day 9/10
Patriot Day 9/11
Rosh Hashanah 9/20 - 9/22
Breast Cancer Awareness Month
Canadian Thanksgiving 10/9
Columbus Day 10/9
Boss's Day 10/16
Sweetest Day 10/21
Diwali 10/18 - 10/22
Halloween 10/31




Collections
Brighten Someone's Day
Everyday Grace
Funny Ecards
Game Ecards
Pet Ecards
Shark Ecards
Talking Ecards
Video Ecards
Wonder Woman
Kathy Davis


Gifts
Gifts & Gift Cards
Gift Membership




View all holiday ecards »
View all ecards »



Print At Home

Create and print cards from your home computer.



Occasions & Invitations
Anniversary
Baby
Birthday
Congratulations
Encourage & Support
Friendship
Get Well
Goodbye & Good Luck




Graduation
Just Because
Love
Party
Sympathy
Thank You
Thinking of You
Wedding & Engagement




Holidays
Friendship Day 8/6
Grandparents Day 9/10
Rosh Hashanah 9/20 - 9/22
Boss's Day 10/16
Diwali 10/19
Halloween 10/31




View all holiday print at home cards »
view all print at home cards »



Shop

Buy Greeting Cards, Party Supplies, Gift Wrap and More!



Paper Cards
Stationery Sets
Greeting Card Bundles
Greeting Cards




Party Supplies
Decorations
Party Favors
Party Invitations & Thank Yous
Tableware




Gift Wrap & Bows
Gift Bags
Bows
Tissue Paper
Wrapping Paper




view all at our online store »






choose which product to search

search ecards
search print at home



type your search term here



find greeting

















Narrow Results By:



Holidays
View All

Mother's Day



Project Type

Certificates (2)Coupon Books (2)Greeting Cards (124)Stationery (1)



Recipients

Family (104)For Her (28)Friend (5)



Tones

Heartfelt (78)Cute (21)Funny (18)Romantic (7)Religious (7)



Custom Features

Add-a-Photo (4)



Special Collections

Christian (7)Pets (6)Holly Hobbie (1)Strawberry Shortcake (1)



Occasions

Just Because (1)Baby (1)





Sign Up
Sign up for updates and special offers!









home > 
Printable Cards > 
Mother's Day


Printable Mother's Day Cards

Our vibrant, colorful printable mother's day cards are perfect for your mom or any special mom in your life.






Share the affection |








Pin It



Tweet






page:

1


2


3


view all Printable Mother's Day Cards












Funny Mother's Day Card


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3371881a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: It's Mother's Day! Relax, take a long nap, put your feet up, and don't worry about a thing! Inside Verse: Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Now That's a funny card, isn't it?
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








You Can Relax


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170989a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: For My Wife, JULIA, on Mother's Day You just relax. I'll take care of everything. By the way... Inside Verse: Where is everything? Happy Mother's Day 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Loving Mother's Day Add-a-Photo


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3435508a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Happy Mother's Day Inside Verse: Lots of Love On Your Special Day, [Name]!
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








On Mother's Day


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3418982a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: On Mother's Day Inside Verse: Love is sweet. Love is caring. Love is beautiful... ...just like you. Happy Mother's Day with lots of love
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












To My Beautiful Wife


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170971a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: To My Beautiful Wife, Rebecca, On Mother's Day If you could look into my heart, you'd see all the lovely things you are to me... Inside Verse: All the thoughts I somehow can't express About our love, our home, our happiness... If you could look into my heart, you'd know the many reasons why I love you so. Happy Mother's Day All My Love, Always 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Dear Mommy...


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170928a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Dear Mommy, Thank you for tucking me in, picking me up, and showing me how. Thank you for teaching me to do things on my own, and believing in me when I try. Thank you for hugging me and loving me and doing special things to make me happy. Inside Verse: Thank you for being a wonderful mommy. Happy Mother's Day with Lots of Love X X X O O O
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








I'm Watching You


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170998a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Happy Mother's Day, Janet I hope you know that all of your hard work has not gone unnoticed. Inside Verse: I've been watching you from the couch during commercials. Hey, you missed a spot... 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Crazy Good Mom


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3435510a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: You're the most Amazing Mother and woman in the world. Please remember these words whenever you're having a bad day, or whenever you just need a smile. Inside Verse: But most importantly, when life's making you CRAZY! Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












A Mom is Love


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3335181a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: A mom is love... Inside Verse: ...you never outgrow. Happy Mother's Day!
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Funny Rhyme for Mother


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3171018a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: M is for the Many Meals you made me... O is for how Often I was bad... T is for the Times I Tried your patience... H is for your Hugs when I was sad... E is for your Energy and Effort, and all the Extra-special things you do... R is for this Rhyme that you are Reading... Inside Verse: ...and to say I'm really glad my Mom is you. Happy Mother's Day 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Bare Hug


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3355936a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: To My Loving Wife I'm going to give you a big bare hug for Mother's Day! Inside Verse: I hope I spelled that right! XOXO
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Half Full or Half Empty?


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3171001a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: An optimist sees the glass as half full... A pessimist sees the glass as half empty... Inside Verse: A mother sees the glass of someone who didn't finish their drink, pick up their glass, or put it in the dishwasher. Happy Mother's Day! 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












Have a Perfectly Wonderful Day!


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3177369a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Wishing you... Inside Verse: ...the perfect Mothers Day you deserve. 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Mother's Day Wish


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3416227a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Especially for you-- because you're so special...  Inside Verse: May today and all of your tomorrows be filled with life's most beautiful pleasures. Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Always There


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3418981a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: For A Wonderful Mother Whenever I need you, you're always there... Inside Verse: Thanks, and Happy Mother's Day.
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Dear Mom...


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170922a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Dear Mom, I just wanted to take time out today to remind you that you're very important in my life and you always will be... Inside Verse: For as long as I can remember, you've given me the best gift of all -- the gift of love... And on this special day, I just wanted to tell you -- I love you, too. Happy Mother's Day 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












Thanks, Mom!


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170977a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: MOM, I can't imagine what LIFE would be like without you... Inside Verse: I'd probably be eating candy I got from a stranger, talking with my mouth full, and waving around sharp objects while I sit too close to the TV in yesterday's underwear. Thanks, and Happy Mother's Day! 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Mommies of the Animal Kingdom


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3418983a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Mommies of the Animal Kingdom Some can have big hair... and some can be gray... Some can just lie around napping all day. Some can go swimming... while some hang around... They can do all this, wherever they're found! Some can be striped... and some can be blue... Only one can be best, though... Inside Verse: That MOMMY is you! Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Where Would We Be Without You?


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170923a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Mom, Where would this family be without your kind heart and loving example? Inside Verse: Probably on "Jerry Springer" throwing chairs at each other. Happy Mother's Day 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








For So Many Reasons


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3438964a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Dear[Mom,] I love you for so many reasons - for being there when I need you most, or being there "just because," for believing in me, even when I don't, and for loving me, no matter what... Inside Verse: I love you for so many reasons, Mom - and I can't say "thanks" enough. Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












Couldn't Ask for a Better Wife


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170927a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: For My Wife Sometimes it probably seems that I don't see all the special things you do for me and for our family... Inside Verse: ...the special things that make our home such a happy, loving place to live... But, I want you to know I couldn't ask for a better mother for our children -- or a better wife for me. Wishing You Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








You're Amazing


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3348646a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Honey, I don't know how you do it all, but I'm awfully glad you do. Inside Verse: You're an amazing wife and mom, and I'm so lucky to have you! Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Mom, I'll Clean My Room


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170930a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: To show you how much I love you, Mom, I'm gonna clean up my room... Inside Verse: ...someday soon! Happy Mother's Day from Daniel 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








I'm Glad I Married You


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170931a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: A Mother's Day Message for Stacey, My Wonderful Wife Life brings many special moments, month by month and day by day, When you share them with a loving wife who's dear in every way. Inside Verse: We've done a lot together And we've raised a family, Though things weren't always quite as smooth As we had hoped they'd be. But we have happy memories That belong to just us two, And Mother's Day, or any day, I'm glad I married you! I Love You Hope You Enjoy Your Day 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












Dumb Things


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170963a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Mom, I'm sorry about all those dumb little things I did when I was a kid. Inside Verse: Just be thankful you only know about half of them! Happy Mother's Day from Stephen 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Mother's Day Wishes for You


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170976a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Mom, the Mother's Day Fairy heard you wanted a day of rest and relaxation - no cooking, no cleaning, no errands. Inside Verse: She said she does wishes, not miracles. Happy Mother's Day! 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








A Lucky Dog's Tale


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170941a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: From Rover A Lucky Dogs Tale on Mothers Day For fondly telling stories of my antics as a pup, For knowing yummy dog treats are the way to cheer me up... Inside Verse: For cleaning all the mud when I forget to wipe my paws, For taking time to scratch my ears and cuddle just because, For comforting my worries when were driving to the vet, For giving me the words of praise that others may forget, For showing me you love me in so many different ways Im wishing you the happiest and best of Mothers Days! 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Celebrating You


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3348661a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Inside Verse: A loving heart, a special day... A celebration of you! Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












Queen For a Day


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3275833a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Queen for a Day Inside Verse: ... loved for always. Happy Mother's Day from one of your loyal subjects.
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Mother's Day Blessings


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3171023a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: You Mean So Much to Me I believe that God puts certain people into our lives for a reason. Sometimes it's to help us learn, sometimes it's to encourage us, or strengthen our faith. But whatever purpose God had in bringing us together, I'm just thankful that He did... Inside Verse: ...for you've been such a source of joy and inspiration in my life, and it means more to me than I can ever say to have the gift of your friendship and caring. Happy Mother's Day 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Honoring Mom


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3370870a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: MOM Inside Verse: On this day that honors mothers for all the good they do -- Remember, Mom, there's no one who deserves it more than you! Love You Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








What is Mother's Day?


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3171020a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: What is Mother's Day? It's celebrating motherhood and what it means to be the one who is the very heart of home and family... Inside Verse: It's celebrating all the love so often unexpressed And finding special words and ways that help to say it best... It's celebrating everything that loving mothers do - The cherished and remembered things that last a lifetime through. This day was meant for a woman like you. Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












From Your Daughter, Mom


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3177367a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: mom teacher friend Inside Verse: I cant imagine life without your love to guide me through. Happy Mothers Day 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








For a Special Woman


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170949a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Every spring, Mother's Day gives us a wonderful chance to honor the special women who mean the most to us... Inside Verse: You are one of those special women -- and I just wanted you to know how very important you are to me. Have a Beautiful Day 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








More Than Words


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3275836a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: My Wife my love Inside Verse: Being a wife and mother isn't easy - there's so much to do and so little time to do it all. So today, I just want you to know how much I appreciate everything you do for us. I love you more than words can say. Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








To a Beautiful Mother


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3177371a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Theres joy in her laughter... Faith in her soul... and love in her heart. Inside Verse: To one of the most beautiful mothers there could be. Happy Mothers Day 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












I'll Always Love You, Mom


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3171019a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: When I was little, I thought you were the best mother anyone could ever wish for. I thought you taught me more than anyone else could, that you understood me when no one else would. I thought you loved me better than any other mother ever loved her children. I didn't know what I'd do without you, because I loved you more than I could ever say... Inside Verse: Now that I'm not so little anymore, I just want you to know that some things never change - I still think you're the best mother a person could ever hope for, and I'll always, always love you, Mom! Happy Mother's Day 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Mother's Day Coupons


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3171015a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Create & Print special Coupon Books for an extra special gift. You'll Need: 8.5" x 11" paper, preferably card stock. Scissors. Stapler, or hole punch and string or yarn. Directions:  Click on Personalize and Print Your Project to open the Workspace.  Personalize the text. Click Print to send your finished Coupons to the printer.  Cut out each coupon. Stack coupons in a neat pile, with coupon cover on top. If using staples to bind coupons and cover together, staple coupons and cover along the left side of the pile. If using string to bind coupons and cover together, punch a hole in the upper left corner of the pile, and thread and tie string or yarn through the hole.  Tips: Print your project on scrap paper first to check the alignment, spelling, and overall look of the project.
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








All About Love


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3435509a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Mother's Day is about feelings that really count and memories that really matter. Inside Verse: Mother's Day is all about love. Happy Mother's Day!
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








From Your Son, Mom


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3177366a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Thank You, Mom Inside Verse: Mom, this may not be the first thank you youve heard for all the loving things you do and all the special things you are, but on Mothers Day these words seem even more appropriate - and, as always, theyre filled with love. Happy Mothers Day 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












Look What I Got You Add-a-Photo


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170921a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Mom, For Mother's Day, I got you a card with something really great inside... Inside Verse: ME! Happy Mother's Day from Devon!
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Wonderful Mother and Grandmother


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3171010a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: You're a Wonderful Mother and Grandmother Inside Verse: With loving thoughts and memories of the wonderful mother youve always been... With heartfelt gratitude for the special grandmother you are... With warm wishes for you to enjoy your day and remember how very much youre loved. Happy Mother's Day 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Big Hug for Mom


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3348645a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Happy Mother's Day to a special mommy... Inside Verse: who deserves a great big hug today and every day!
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Worry-free Mother's Day?


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3171002a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: It's Mother's Day! Relax, take a long nap, put your feet up, and don't worry about a thing! Inside Verse: Ha ha ha ha Ha ha ha ha Ha ha ha ha Now THAT'S a funny card, isn't it? 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












For the Lady I Love


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170954a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: For the Lady I Love On Mother's Day Inside Verse: No matter what else complicates our lives, one thing is pure and simple -- I love you, heart and soul. Happy Mother's Day 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Warm Thoughts


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3355935a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: On Mother's Day and Always Inside Verse: Hope you can feel the warm, caring thoughts that surround you today and every day.
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Thanks, Mom


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3416229a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Happy Mother's Day, Mom! In nature, a mother bird feeds her young by regurgitating partially digested food directly into their mouths. Inside Verse: Thanks for making sandwiches instead. Love you!
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Great-Grandma


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170936a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: For Great-Grandma with Love from Elizabeth Inside Verse: Happy Mother's Day, Great-Grandma! Sure hope it's nice for you -- And hope you know how much you're loved. 'Cause that's important, too! Enjoy the Day Love You Lots! 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0









page:

1


2


3


view all Printable Mother's Day Cards





more ways to connect










mother's day ecards
Send mother's day ecards instantly to their inbox.

view all>










talking ecards
Type or record whatever you want it to say!

view all>










creatacard™ app
Easily make any drawing into a paper greeting card!

learn more >









Our vibrant, colorful printable Mother's Day cards are the perfect way to say "Happy Mother's Day" to your mom or any mom. You can even find free printable Mothers Day cards perfect for all the moms in your life. Whether you are a daughter, son, husband, or friend...find the perfect card that you can simply print from home. Print funny Mothers Day cards, religious Mother's Day cards, or Mothers Day cards for Grandma. Browse all American Greetings printable Mothers Day cards and find free printable cards to personalize and make any mom's day.





Help Give Us Feedback Contact Us Ecard Pickup Member Benefits Terms of Service Privacy Policy updated May 3, 2017

AmericanGreetings.com is a service of AG Interactive. ©1996-2017 AGCM, Inc. All rights reserved.


























Funny Printable Mother's Day Cards | American Greetings






















































Skip to navigation
Skip to content








Sign In
Join Now
our purpose
member benefits
find a retailer


Welcome to American Greetings





ecards

Innovative ecards to send, share or post



Occasions
Anniversary
Baby
Birthday
Congratulations
Encourage & Support
Friendship
Get Well
Goodbye & Good Luck
Graduation
Just Because
Love
Sympathy
Thank You
Wedding & Engagement




Holidays
Friendship Day 8/6
Labor Day 9/4
Grandparents Day 9/10
Patriot Day 9/11
Rosh Hashanah 9/20 - 9/22
Breast Cancer Awareness Month
Canadian Thanksgiving 10/9
Columbus Day 10/9
Boss's Day 10/16
Sweetest Day 10/21
Diwali 10/18 - 10/22
Halloween 10/31




Collections
Brighten Someone's Day
Everyday Grace
Funny Ecards
Game Ecards
Pet Ecards
Shark Ecards
Talking Ecards
Video Ecards
Wonder Woman
Kathy Davis


Gifts
Gifts & Gift Cards
Gift Membership




View all holiday ecards »
View all ecards »



Print At Home

Create and print cards from your home computer.



Occasions & Invitations
Anniversary
Baby
Birthday
Congratulations
Encourage & Support
Friendship
Get Well
Goodbye & Good Luck




Graduation
Just Because
Love
Party
Sympathy
Thank You
Thinking of You
Wedding & Engagement




Holidays
Friendship Day 8/6
Grandparents Day 9/10
Rosh Hashanah 9/20 - 9/22
Boss's Day 10/16
Diwali 10/19
Halloween 10/31




View all holiday print at home cards »
view all print at home cards »



Shop

Buy Greeting Cards, Party Supplies, Gift Wrap and More!



Paper Cards
Stationery Sets
Greeting Card Bundles
Greeting Cards




Party Supplies
Decorations
Party Favors
Party Invitations & Thank Yous
Tableware




Gift Wrap & Bows
Gift Bags
Bows
Tissue Paper
Wrapping Paper




view all at our online store »






choose which product to search

search ecards
search print at home



type your search term here



find greeting

















Narrow Results By:



Holidays
View All

Mother's Day



Recipients

Family (14)For Her (7)



Tones
View All

Funny



Custom Features

Add-a-Photo (1)



Special Collections

Pets (5)





Sign Up
Sign up for updates and special offers!









home > 
Printable Cards > 
Mother's Day > 
Funny


Funny Printable Mother's Day Cards













Funny Mother's Day Card


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3371881a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: It's Mother's Day! Relax, take a long nap, put your feet up, and don't worry about a thing! Inside Verse: Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Now That's a funny card, isn't it?
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








You Can Relax


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170989a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: For My Wife, JULIA, on Mother's Day You just relax. I'll take care of everything. By the way... Inside Verse: Where is everything? Happy Mother's Day 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








I'm Watching You


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170998a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Happy Mother's Day, Janet I hope you know that all of your hard work has not gone unnoticed. Inside Verse: I've been watching you from the couch during commercials. Hey, you missed a spot... 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Crazy Good Mom


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3435510a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: You're the most Amazing Mother and woman in the world. Please remember these words whenever you're having a bad day, or whenever you just need a smile. Inside Verse: But most importantly, when life's making you CRAZY! Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












Funny Rhyme for Mother


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3171018a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: M is for the Many Meals you made me... O is for how Often I was bad... T is for the Times I Tried your patience... H is for your Hugs when I was sad... E is for your Energy and Effort, and all the Extra-special things you do... R is for this Rhyme that you are Reading... Inside Verse: ...and to say I'm really glad my Mom is you. Happy Mother's Day 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Bare Hug


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3355936a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: To My Loving Wife I'm going to give you a big bare hug for Mother's Day! Inside Verse: I hope I spelled that right! XOXO
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Half Full or Half Empty?


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3171001a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: An optimist sees the glass as half full... A pessimist sees the glass as half empty... Inside Verse: A mother sees the glass of someone who didn't finish their drink, pick up their glass, or put it in the dishwasher. Happy Mother's Day! 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Thanks, Mom!


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170977a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: MOM, I can't imagine what LIFE would be like without you... Inside Verse: I'd probably be eating candy I got from a stranger, talking with my mouth full, and waving around sharp objects while I sit too close to the TV in yesterday's underwear. Thanks, and Happy Mother's Day! 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












Mommies of the Animal Kingdom


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3418983a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Mommies of the Animal Kingdom Some can have big hair... and some can be gray... Some can just lie around napping all day. Some can go swimming... while some hang around... They can do all this, wherever they're found! Some can be striped... and some can be blue... Only one can be best, though... Inside Verse: That MOMMY is you! Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Where Would We Be Without You?


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170923a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Mom, Where would this family be without your kind heart and loving example? Inside Verse: Probably on "Jerry Springer" throwing chairs at each other. Happy Mother's Day 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Mom, I'll Clean My Room


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170930a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: To show you how much I love you, Mom, I'm gonna clean up my room... Inside Verse: ...someday soon! Happy Mother's Day from Daniel 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Dumb Things


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170963a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Mom, I'm sorry about all those dumb little things I did when I was a kid. Inside Verse: Just be thankful you only know about half of them! Happy Mother's Day from Stephen 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












Mother's Day Wishes for You


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170976a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Mom, the Mother's Day Fairy heard you wanted a day of rest and relaxation - no cooking, no cleaning, no errands. Inside Verse: She said she does wishes, not miracles. Happy Mother's Day! 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








A Lucky Dog's Tale


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170941a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: From Rover A Lucky Dogs Tale on Mothers Day For fondly telling stories of my antics as a pup, For knowing yummy dog treats are the way to cheer me up... Inside Verse: For cleaning all the mud when I forget to wipe my paws, For taking time to scratch my ears and cuddle just because, For comforting my worries when were driving to the vet, For giving me the words of praise that others may forget, For showing me you love me in so many different ways Im wishing you the happiest and best of Mothers Days! 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Look What I Got You Add-a-Photo


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170921a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Mom, For Mother's Day, I got you a card with something really great inside... Inside Verse: ME! Happy Mother's Day from Devon!
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Worry-free Mother's Day?


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3171002a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: It's Mother's Day! Relax, take a long nap, put your feet up, and don't worry about a thing! Inside Verse: Ha ha ha ha Ha ha ha ha Ha ha ha ha Now THAT'S a funny card, isn't it? 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












Thanks, Mom


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3416229a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Happy Mother's Day, Mom! In nature, a mother bird feeds her young by regurgitating partially digested food directly into their mouths. Inside Verse: Thanks for making sandwiches instead. Love you!
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








From the Cat


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170925a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Happy Mother's Day... Inside Verse: Well, enough about you. I see an empty food dish sitting over there...
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0











Share the affection |








Pin It



Tweet




more mother's day greetings



Mothers Day Cards


Funny Mother's Day Ecards


Greeting Cards for Her


Greeting Cards for Family






Religious Mother's Day Cards


Cute Printable Mother's Day Cards


Talking Ecards


Thank You Cards






Ecards


Printable Cards


Thank You Ecards


Greeting Cards








Help Give Us Feedback Contact Us Ecard Pickup Member Benefits Terms of Service Privacy Policy updated May 3, 2017

AmericanGreetings.com is a service of AG Interactive. ©1996-2017 AGCM, Inc. All rights reserved.


























Cute Printable Mother's Day Cards | American Greetings






















































Skip to navigation
Skip to content








Sign In
Join Now
our purpose
member benefits
find a retailer


Welcome to American Greetings





ecards

Innovative ecards to send, share or post



Occasions
Anniversary
Baby
Birthday
Congratulations
Encourage & Support
Friendship
Get Well
Goodbye & Good Luck
Graduation
Just Because
Love
Sympathy
Thank You
Wedding & Engagement




Holidays
Friendship Day 8/6
Labor Day 9/4
Grandparents Day 9/10
Patriot Day 9/11
Rosh Hashanah 9/20 - 9/22
Breast Cancer Awareness Month
Canadian Thanksgiving 10/9
Columbus Day 10/9
Boss's Day 10/16
Sweetest Day 10/21
Diwali 10/18 - 10/22
Halloween 10/31




Collections
Brighten Someone's Day
Everyday Grace
Funny Ecards
Game Ecards
Pet Ecards
Shark Ecards
Talking Ecards
Video Ecards
Wonder Woman
Kathy Davis


Gifts
Gifts & Gift Cards
Gift Membership




View all holiday ecards »
View all ecards »



Print At Home

Create and print cards from your home computer.



Occasions & Invitations
Anniversary
Baby
Birthday
Congratulations
Encourage & Support
Friendship
Get Well
Goodbye & Good Luck




Graduation
Just Because
Love
Party
Sympathy
Thank You
Thinking of You
Wedding & Engagement




Holidays
Friendship Day 8/6
Grandparents Day 9/10
Rosh Hashanah 9/20 - 9/22
Boss's Day 10/16
Diwali 10/19
Halloween 10/31




View all holiday print at home cards »
view all print at home cards »



Shop

Buy Greeting Cards, Party Supplies, Gift Wrap and More!



Paper Cards
Stationery Sets
Greeting Card Bundles
Greeting Cards




Party Supplies
Decorations
Party Favors
Party Invitations & Thank Yous
Tableware




Gift Wrap & Bows
Gift Bags
Bows
Tissue Paper
Wrapping Paper




view all at our online store »






choose which product to search

search ecards
search print at home



type your search term here



find greeting

















Narrow Results By:



Holidays
View All

Mother's Day



Project Type

Coupon Books (1)Greeting Cards (20)



Recipients

Family (19)For Her (3)Friend (1)



Tones
View All

Cute



Custom Features

Add-a-Photo (2)



Special Collections

Holly Hobbie (1)Strawberry Shortcake (1)Pets (1)





Sign Up
Sign up for updates and special offers!









home > 
Printable Cards > 
Mother's Day > 
Cute


Cute Printable Mother's Day Cards













Dear Mommy...


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170928a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Dear Mommy, Thank you for tucking me in, picking me up, and showing me how. Thank you for teaching me to do things on my own, and believing in me when I try. Thank you for hugging me and loving me and doing special things to make me happy. Inside Verse: Thank you for being a wonderful mommy. Happy Mother's Day with Lots of Love X X X O O O
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Crazy Good Mom


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3435510a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: You're the most Amazing Mother and woman in the world. Please remember these words whenever you're having a bad day, or whenever you just need a smile. Inside Verse: But most importantly, when life's making you CRAZY! Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








A Mom is Love


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3335181a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: A mom is love... Inside Verse: ...you never outgrow. Happy Mother's Day!
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Mommies of the Animal Kingdom


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3418983a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Mommies of the Animal Kingdom Some can have big hair... and some can be gray... Some can just lie around napping all day. Some can go swimming... while some hang around... They can do all this, wherever they're found! Some can be striped... and some can be blue... Only one can be best, though... Inside Verse: That MOMMY is you! Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












Queen For a Day


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3275833a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Queen for a Day Inside Verse: ... loved for always. Happy Mother's Day from one of your loyal subjects.
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Honoring Mom


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3370870a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: MOM Inside Verse: On this day that honors mothers for all the good they do -- Remember, Mom, there's no one who deserves it more than you! Love You Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Mother's Day Coupons


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3171015a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Create & Print special Coupon Books for an extra special gift. You'll Need: 8.5" x 11" paper, preferably card stock. Scissors. Stapler, or hole punch and string or yarn. Directions:  Click on Personalize and Print Your Project to open the Workspace.  Personalize the text. Click Print to send your finished Coupons to the printer.  Cut out each coupon. Stack coupons in a neat pile, with coupon cover on top. If using staples to bind coupons and cover together, staple coupons and cover along the left side of the pile. If using string to bind coupons and cover together, punch a hole in the upper left corner of the pile, and thread and tie string or yarn through the hole.  Tips: Print your project on scrap paper first to check the alignment, spelling, and overall look of the project.
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Big Hug for Mom


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3348645a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Happy Mother's Day to a special mommy... Inside Verse: who deserves a great big hug today and every day!
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












Great-Grandma


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170936a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: For Great-Grandma with Love from Elizabeth Inside Verse: Happy Mother's Day, Great-Grandma! Sure hope it's nice for you -- And hope you know how much you're loved. 'Cause that's important, too! Enjoy the Day Love You Lots! 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








A Little Reminder Add-a-Photo


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3171007a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Sarah Here's a little reminder of why you're getting a Mother's Day card! Inside Verse: In case you forgot. Have a Great Day! 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Berry Special Mom


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170973a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Mom, Picked this berry special card to give to you today... Inside Verse: Cause youre the kind of mother whos so sweet in every way! Happy Mothers Day with Lots of Love 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








For a Special Aunt


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170938a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Happy Mother's Day to my Aunt Stephanie, who is kind, generous, smart, attractive, and fun to be around... Inside Verse: Are you sure I'm not YOUR kid? 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












Thanks, Nana


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170964a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Hi, Nana! Tommy Loves You! For the way you care, the things you do, For the love you share... Inside Verse: ...for being you -- Thanks, Nana! Happy Mother's Day 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Hugs and Kisses for You


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170987a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: For You, Mom Lots of hugs and kisses... Inside Verse: ...and Happy Mother's Day wishes! Love You! XXOO 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








World's Nicest Grandma


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3171005a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: For You, Grandma Inside Verse: Sure do love you, Grandma, and love to say so, too, 'Cause there's no nicer grandma in the whole wide world than you! Happy Mother's Day from Bobby
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








You're Loved! Add-a-Photo


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170929a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: For You, Grandma, from Kayla and Zach Who makes happy smiles appear Every time that she is near? Inside Verse: Who is loved more than she knows? You are, Grandma! Hope it shows! Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












A Grandma's Love


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170944a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: "A Grandma's love and tender care Make happiness grow anywhere." Inside Verse: A heart full of love, an armful of hugs, and a handful of flowers too That's what I want today to be for a grandma as special as you! Happy Mother's Day, Grandma 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








A Mother's Day Wish for You


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170999a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: For Judy, a Friend Who Does It All A Mother's Day Wish May your laundry pile be small and your coffee be hot, May your to-do list be short and your leisure time not... Inside Verse: May your shopping be quick and your housework all done, May your presents be many and your day lots of fun! Happy Mother's Day to a super mother and a great friend! 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








A Grandma Nice as You


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170932a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: For You, Grandma, from Brittany and Brandon Bet lots of children wish they had A grandma nice as you... Inside Verse: To love a lot and send a lot of hugs and kisses to! Happy Mother's Day XO XO XO 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Hugs to You!


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170948a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: Hugs to you on Mother's Day... Inside Verse: ...and every day of the year! 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












Special Wish for Aunt


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3170953a.png
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Cover Verse: For You, Aunt Marsha Inside Verse: A special wish for you, Aunt Marsha -- for all the things that bring you happiness, on Mother's Day and always. Happy Mother's Day 
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0











Share the affection |








Pin It



Tweet




more mother's day greetings



Mothers Day Cards


Funny Mother's Day Ecards


Greeting Cards for Her


Greeting Cards for Family






Religious Mother's Day Cards


Cute Printable Mother's Day Cards


Talking Ecards


Thank You Cards






Ecards


Printable Cards


Thank You Ecards


Greeting Cards








Help Give Us Feedback Contact Us Ecard Pickup Member Benefits Terms of Service Privacy Policy updated May 3, 2017

AmericanGreetings.com is a service of AG Interactive. ©1996-2017 AGCM, Inc. All rights reserved.


























Heartfelt Mother's Day Ecards | American Greetings






















































Skip to navigation
Skip to content








Sign In
Join Now
our purpose
member benefits
find a retailer


Welcome to American Greetings





ecards

Innovative ecards to send, share or post



Occasions
Anniversary
Baby
Birthday
Congratulations
Encourage & Support
Friendship
Get Well
Goodbye & Good Luck
Graduation
Just Because
Love
Sympathy
Thank You
Wedding & Engagement




Holidays
Friendship Day 8/6
Labor Day 9/4
Grandparents Day 9/10
Patriot Day 9/11
Rosh Hashanah 9/20 - 9/22
Breast Cancer Awareness Month
Canadian Thanksgiving 10/9
Columbus Day 10/9
Boss's Day 10/16
Sweetest Day 10/21
Diwali 10/18 - 10/22
Halloween 10/31




Collections
Brighten Someone's Day
Everyday Grace
Funny Ecards
Game Ecards
Pet Ecards
Shark Ecards
Talking Ecards
Video Ecards
Wonder Woman
Kathy Davis


Gifts
Gifts & Gift Cards
Gift Membership




View all holiday ecards »
View all ecards »



Print At Home

Create and print cards from your home computer.



Occasions & Invitations
Anniversary
Baby
Birthday
Congratulations
Encourage & Support
Friendship
Get Well
Goodbye & Good Luck




Graduation
Just Because
Love
Party
Sympathy
Thank You
Thinking of You
Wedding & Engagement




Holidays
Friendship Day 8/6
Grandparents Day 9/10
Rosh Hashanah 9/20 - 9/22
Boss's Day 10/16
Diwali 10/19
Halloween 10/31




View all holiday print at home cards »
view all print at home cards »



Shop

Buy Greeting Cards, Party Supplies, Gift Wrap and More!



Paper Cards
Stationery Sets
Greeting Card Bundles
Greeting Cards




Party Supplies
Decorations
Party Favors
Party Invitations & Thank Yous
Tableware




Gift Wrap & Bows
Gift Bags
Bows
Tissue Paper
Wrapping Paper




view all at our online store »






choose which product to search

search ecards
search print at home



type your search term here



find greeting












Your membership is set up to expire. Turn on automatic renewal.
close








Narrow Results By:



Holidays
View All

Mother's Day



Recipients

Family (38)For Her (26)Friend (4)Anyone (3)Sweetheart (1)



Tones
View All

Heartfelt



Custom Features

Add-a-Photo (3)Talking (2)Personalize Text (2)Postcard (1)Game (1)



Special Collections

Kathy Davis (7)Singing (3)Pets (2)



Occasions

Encourage & Support (1)Sympathy (1)Love (1)





Sign Up
Sign up for updates and special offers!









home > 
eCards > 
Mother's Day > 
Heartfelt


Heartfelt Mother's Day Ecards




page:

1


2


view all Heartfelt Mother's Day Ecards












Magnifico Mother's Day (Fun Song)


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3414602r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
Today's -- a day to show appreciation For all of the moms across the land. Let's praise -- and heap upon them admiration: They all deserve a great big hand! Mama, Mia! Mothers are the best! Surely Mom should have a day of rest, And relaxation 'cause she's so, How-do-you-say? Magnifico! And Mother's Day's the perfect day for us to tell her so! Happy Mother's Day!
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Moms are like Sunshine


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3457008r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
Moms are like sunshine. Everything's brighter and better whenever they're around. Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Mother's Day Bouquet


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3347001r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
Happy Mother's Day!
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Sending You Love


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3449368r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
Sending you sunshine... Sending you happiness... Sending you love! Happy Mother's Day!
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












Choose Your Mother's Day Wish (Personalize)


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3454148r.gif
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Choose between 3 wishes: Sending You Love on Mother's Day, Sending You Mother's Day Blessings, and Happy Mother's Day. Card verse reads: You make the world a better place to be... ...not just for your family, but for everyone lucky enough to know you, too!
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








You're A Remarkable Woman
Free!

card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3136358r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
You're more than a wonderful Mom You're the keeper of memories, the maker of everyday miracles and the one whose love brightens ordinary days and makes every occasion special . . . You're more than a wonderful Mom... You're a remarkable woman who's thought of today and always with love and a wish for everything that brings you joy. Happy Mother's Day, Mom Hope It's as Special as You Are
Price
0
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








A Celebration of Moms
Free!

card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3346928r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
You can learn a lot of wonderful things from a mom... For all the lessons you've taught, the love you've shown and the happiness you've shared... You deserve a wonderful Mother's Day!
Price
0
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Mother's Day Poem


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3435626r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
Sending you hugs, Sending you kisses, Sending you smiles, Sending you wishes, But most of all... Sending you LOVE! Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












With Love on Mother's Day


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3414624r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
Love is sweet. Love is caring. Love is beautiful... ...just like you. Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Long on Love
Free!

card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3334466r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
This wish for you is short on words... but long on love! Happy Mother's Day!
Price
0
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








You Mean So Much to Me


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3178414r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
If you've ever wondered where "being a mom" fits in among your many accomplishments, I want to tell you that, to me, it's your greatest success of all! You've been everything to me: a guide, a friend, and the one who's always believed in me no matter what. I owe you so much, and on Mother's Day, I hope you know I love you, and I'm proud of you, too. Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Magical Mother's Day


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3370241r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
Have a Magical Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












Mother's Day Love


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3334462r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
Mother's Day is about feelings that really count and memories that really matter. Mother's Day is all about love. Happy Mother's Day!
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








With Loving Thoughts


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3435628r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
MOM With Loving Thoughts on Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Wonderful Wife and Mother


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3152004r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
Because You're a Great Wife and Mom It doesn't take a day like this for me to realize what a wonderful wife you are, and how lucky I am to be married to you but the best thing about Mother's Day is that it gives me a chance to tell you what a wonderful wife and mother you are -- and that I don't know what I'd do without you and your love. Happy Mother's Day with All My Heart
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








For All You Do


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3435627r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
Happy Mother's Day to a Mom, Nurse, Coach, Counselor, Fan, Teacher, Confidante, Role Model, and most importantly...FRIEND For all you do and all you are THANKS!
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












A Beautiful Heart


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3346930r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
A generous heart that gives freely and openly... A wise heart that always sees the best in people... A beautiful heart, Mom -- that's what you have, and that's one of the things I love about you. Happy Mother's Day!
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Magical Mother's Day


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3135349r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Moms Make Us Smile Song


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3335721r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
Moms warm our hearts, because they care and when we call, they're always there. Moms make us smile, they light the way they even hear what we don't say--- That's why moms are loved and wished a Happy Mother's Day!
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Warm Wishes for Mom


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3334463r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
With warm and loving wishes for you, Mom -- not just because it's Mother's Day... but because you're a very special mother. Happy Mother's Day!
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












For My Beautiful Wife


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3136334r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
For My Beautiful Wife I love sharing life and raising a family with you -- even though it sometimes means that our nights out alone are actually spent grocery shopping, and our romantic dinner plans turn out to be a quick meal in front of the TV . . . Even though things don't always turn out exactly how we planned them, I wouldn't want it any other way. I love our life together -- because I love you so much. Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Simply Picture Perfect (Add-a-Photo)


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3456568r.gif
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Personalize by adding a favorite photo. [card verse] Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








For My Friend On Mother's Day Kathy Davis


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3175636r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
For my friend on Mother's Day You never fail to be kind and thoughtful, encouraging and supportive honest and generous... The qualities that make you such a great friend also make you a wonderful mother. Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








You're a Wonderful Daughter and Mother


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3120575r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
It fills me with so much love and pride to see you as a mother. With pride...because you are such a good mother who understands what a child needs to grow up happy and secure. With love...because it makes me remember the wonder and joy I felt in my heart when I was raising you. And with joy...because thinking of you as a mother today and as the wonderful daughter you've always been, I continue to appreciate how very special you are and how much you will always mean to me. Happy Mother's Day with Love
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












Mother's Day Puzzle (Interactive)


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3454149r.gif
Quick Send
False
Card Message
By building the puzzle, you reveal the Mother's Day wish. Card verse: Moms Grow Things of Beauty
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








My Wonderful Mother Kathy Davis


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3152015r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
Happy Mother's Day Mother You taught me well to trust myself in all that I do to enjoy the simple things life has to offer to be honest and true to give back to the world to look for the best in others, while always trying to be the best person I can be and, to love with a full heart, for that's the only way to love. My heart is full of love for you. To my teacher, my mentor, my friend, my wonderful mother I wish you only the best this Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








An Extraordinary Mother Kathy Davis


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3275546r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
There's a certain wisdom, a deep sensitivity and an indescribable capacity to love... that a woman acquires at the moment she becomes someone's mother. It's a beautiful thing and a miracle to behold. Happy Mother's Day to a wonderful woman who's an extraordinary mother.
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








You Mean the World to Me Kathy Davis


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3275545r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
Mom, You mean the world to me. Your kind words, positive attitude, and generous heart have made a difference in my life. Thank you for being such a great mom! Happy Mother's Day with love
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












Celebrating My Daughter Kathy Davis


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3334841r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
To a dear daughter on Mother's Day I watch you in amazement as you juggle all of your roles with grace and ease. ...and I celebrate you with such pride for the wonderful woman... and mother... that you've become.
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Special Moms


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3155069r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
Moms are always there for you. Moms shape lives and inspire dreams. Moms are the heart of the family. Moms grow love better than anyone... ...especially Moms like you! Happy Mothers Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Moms Light Up the World


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3370244r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
To be a MOM is to light up the world. Have a Blessed Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Special Daughter-in-law


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3095616r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
You're everything special a daughter-in-law could be - a wonderful wife, a devoted mother, and a remarkable womanWishing you a Very Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












For a Special Friend


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3095625r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
As a special friend and as the wonderful mother you are, you touch this world with kindness and love in everything you do. Wishing you all the happiness you deserve so much - on Mother's Day, and always. Thanks for being such a Wonderful Friend
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Best Mom Ever


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3334467r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
If I could've picked any mom in the whole wide world... I would've picked you. Happy Mother's Day!
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








To a Great Sister


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3120583r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
Good times, good laughs, good talks... Here's to a great sister -- and to everything we share! Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








What Is A Sister?


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3136333r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
What Is a Sister? Sometimes a sister means sharing, laughter, and fun . . . Sometimes a sister means thoughtfulness and understanding . . . But always, a sister means love. Sending you Mother's Day wishes, adding a lot of love, too -- Because it's wonderful having a sister as dear as you. Happy Mother's Day and Happiness Always
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












The Beauty of Friendship


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3135794r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
Motherhood is very special and so is the beauty of true friendship Happy Mothers Day to a wonderful mother and a special friend.
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Mothers are Angels (Postcard)


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3278301r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
Mothers are Angels on Earth Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Remembering the Little Things
Free!

card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3135792r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
Remember how you washed their clothes Picked their socks up from the floor. Remember them waving from the sidewalk As you stood inside the door. Remember how you read to them The smell of cookies baking Remember their kiss before they slept Your smile as they were waking. There is no better way to feel Than as a mother with her child Like the sun that shines so bright above Youre there through tears and smiles. Remember holding in your palm That tiny little hand, And how quickly comes the day When on their own two feet they stand. Remember all the little things bending down to tie a shoe Remember all the love you give, And how it now comes back to you. There is no better way to feel Than as a mother with her child Like the sun that shines so bright above Youre there through tears and smiles. Happy Mothers Day
Price
0
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Beautiful Mother's Day Kathy Davis


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3152014r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
May your day be filled with beauty. May your life be blessed with joy. No one deserves more happiness than you. Happy Mother's Day with Love
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












With Love (Add-a-Photo)


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3457309r.gif
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Personalize by adding a favorite photo. [card verse] With Love on Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Mother, Sister, Friend


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3120574r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
Listening and caring, Laughing and sharing...You're an amazing Mother, Sister, Friend. Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Family Means So Much


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3101174r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
Family can mean so many special things today and ours has come to mean even more because it includes you. Happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Espresso Yourself (Talking Card)


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3370252r.gif
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Talking eCards SAY what you WRITE.
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0












A Sister's Heart Kathy Davis


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3275547r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
There is no more understanding heart than the heart of a sister. Your warm and caring ways never fail to make everyone feel loved. Happy Mother's Day to a dear sister who's a great Mom!
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








For My Daughter


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3263760r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
For My Daughter on Mothers Day Sometimes I wonder if any mother has ever loved a daughter the way that I love you Sometimes I cant believe anyone has ever felt as surprised by years that passed too quickly or experienced such emotion from seeing her once little girl begin a life of her own Sometimes I wonder if any mother has ever felt as proud of her daughter as I am of mine. On Mothers Day and always, I hope you know how much I love you. Have a Beautiful Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Deer Mom (Talking Card)


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3370441r.gif
Quick Send
False
Card Message
Talking eCards SAY what you WRITE.
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0








Never Too Many Sunny Days


card type

large preview
https://ak.imgag.com/imgag/product/thumbs/3120580r.gif
Quick Send
True
Card Message
There are never too many sunny days, perfect little moments, or reasons to wish a wonderful aunt like you a happy Mother's Day
Price
1
Customer Type
free
Path
None
Is New?
False
Rating Owner
average
Rating Percentage
0.0
Mature Content
0









page:

1


2


view all Heartfelt Mother's Day Ecards





Share the love |








Pin It



Tweet




more mother's day greetings



Mothers Day Cards


Funny Mother's Day Ecards


Greeting Cards for Her


Greeting Cards for Family






Religious Mother's Day Cards


Cute Printable Mother's Day Cards


Talking Ecards


Thank You Cards






Ecards


Printable Cards


Thank You Ecards


Greeting Cards








Help Give Us Feedback Contact Us Ecard Pickup Member Benefits Terms of Service Privacy Policy updated May 3, 2017

AmericanGreetings.com is a service of AG Interactive. ©1996-2017 AGCM, Inc. All rights reserved.























	All-Occasion Greeting Cards 2017 Landing Page | CardsDirect.com




 












































CONTACT US
FAQ
LIVE CHAT
ORDER STATUS
TOOLKIT







Sign In

Log In
Create An Account
Track An Order


Manage My Account

Reset Password
Billing / Shipping
Payment Info
Account Credits


Saved Items

Favorites
Saved Carts
Saved Projects


Order History

Order Status
Re-Order


Sign In





Contact Us

Contact Info

866.700.5030
Live Chat
Email


Subscriptions

Join Our Email List
Request A Catalog



Help

Help

Check Order Status
FAQ
Re-Order
Live Chat





0















FOR BUSINESS


FOR HOME


PHOTO CARDS


 INVITATIONS


ASSORTMENTS


BIRTHDAY


SEASONAL
















         
    

HOLIDAY & OCCASIONS


2017 Holiday Cards
Thanksgiving Cards
Die-cut Window Cards
Cityscapes
Religious
View All Categories...



         
    

BUSINESS HOLIDAY 

Best Sellers
Logo & Company Name
Themes
Calendar Cards
Invitations
View All Categories...



         
    

PERSONAL HOLIDAY

Photo Cards
Best Sellers
Christmas Cards
Themes
Religious Cards
View All Categories...



         
    

FEATURED CARD







         
    

TYPE OF CARD

Anniversary
Birthday
Get Well
Sympathy
Thank You
View All Categories...



         
    

BUSINESS HOLIDAY 

Corporate Holiday
Thanksgiving Cards
"Merry Christmas" Cards
Season's Greetings
Personal Holiday
View All Categories...



         
    

BUSINESS PRODUCTS

Business Cards
Business Envelopes
Personalized Stationery
Business Stamps
View All Products...



         
    

FEATURED CARD






         
    

TYPE OF CARD

Anniversary
Birthday
Get Well
Build Your Own Card
Thank You
View All Categories...



         
    

PERSONAL HOLIDAY

Christmas Cards
Religious
Personal Photo Cards
Photo Christmas Cards
"Merry Christmas" Cards
View All Categories...



         
    

FAMILY MILESTONES

Birthday Invitations
Birth Announcements
Baby Shower Announcements 
Baby Thank You Cards
Graduation Announcements
View All Categories...



         
    

FEATURED CARD






         
    

BUSINESS PHOTO CARDS

Business Photo Cards
Photo Calendar Cards



         
    

PERSONAL PHOTO CARDS

Christmas Photo Cards
"Merry Christmas" Cards
Photo Calendar Cards
New Year's Cards
View All Categories...



         
    

PHOTO WEDDING

Wedding Invitations



         
    

FEATURED CARD






         
    

INVITES & ANNOUNCEMENTS 


Holiday Party Invitations
Birthday Invitations
Graduation
Wedding Invitations
Baby Shower 
View All Categories...




         
    

CORPORATE

Holiday Party Invitations
Business Invitations
Moving Announcements
Build Your Own Card
View All Categories...



         
    

PARTY INVITATIONS

Holiday Party Invitations
Birthday Party
Baby Shower 
Baptism & Christening
New Years
View All Categories...



         
    

FEATURED CARD






         
    

ALL OCCASION ASSORTMENTS

Dream Wave
Business Appreciation
Modern All Occasion
Sympathy
View All Categories...



         
    

BIRTHDAY ASSORTMENTS

Assorted Birthday
Classic Birthday
Birthday Basics
All Wrapped Up
Patriotic Birthday
View All Categories...



         
    

CHRISTMAS/HOLIDAY

Winter Greetings
Three Holidays
Snowflakes Holiday
Holiday Blues
View All Categories...



         
    

FEATURED ASSORTMENT SETS









         
    

BIRTHDAY ASSORTMENTS




         
    

FEATURED BIRTHDAY CARDS




























Create a Memorable Moment with the Perfect Custom Greetings from CardsDirect





Cards for Business Shop Now » 

 





 

 Cards for Family & Friends Shop Now » 






Thanks for visiting CardsDirect! A 15% OFF discount will be applied to your shopping cart at checkout.



 What Customers Are Saying About CardsDirect:




  



“We received our order within just a few days and the quality was outstanding. The cardstock was very heavy and the details were crisp, even our logo.”— New York, NY 


 “The card stock is solid, in fact, a client recently remarked about how thick this year's card was and that it must have been very expensive... it wasn't. Highly recommend.”— Phoenix, AZ 


 “I was impressed with not only the number of choices for the themes and designs, but also the specific choices about card material and such. I ended up with a great product and was happy about the price.”— Hawthorn Woods, IL  


 “Our office orders from CardsDirect for all of our business needs. They're fast, reliable and their products are beautiful! Never had a problem!”— Beachwood, OH 


 “It's hard to tell what you're going to get when you purchase online but we were very pleased. In addition, we received excellent customer service. They were friendly, helpful, fast and delivered a quality product.”— Pleasanton, CA 


 “Their attention to detail, excellent customer service and a competitive price put them at the top of their game. There are many card companies out there but we always come back to CardsDirect.”— Montgomery, TX 


 “The cards I ordered for our company were lovely. Customer service was impeccable. Love the large selection and options for customization. Great experience!”— Suwanee, GA 


 “I ordered these for our financial team with our team logo on the front. They turned out great and the customer service at Cardsdirect was fantastic.”— Nashville, TN 







 






 

  Birthday 




 

  Thank You 




 

 Sympathy 




 

  Anniversary 




 

  Appreciation 




 

 Congratulations 




 

 Get Well 




 

 Welcome 




 

  Custom Photo Cards 






 

What's In A Greeting Card? A Memorable Connection.  Click to Learn More → 





 Greetings Made Easy  Follow these steps and create the perfect cards to strengthen your business relationships. 







1
Pick your card design  and options







2
customize the design and place your order







3
Your cards are processed and printed (1-2 business days)







4
your order is shipped (2-5 business days)  






5
add addresses to the included envelopes 






6
send your cardsand build connections

















                    
                     
                 
                






HELP

1.866.700.5030
Customer Care
Shipping & Returns
FAQs
Live Chat



ABOUT US

About CardsDirect
Privacy Policy
Terms
Return Policy
Site Map
Partnership Program



FOR YOU

My Account
My Favorites
Order Status
Order Tracking
Reorder



LET'S CONNECT

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Pinterest
Blog






         
    
  
    
 
    








         
    

     
  




PREMIUM PAPER & PRINTING We like really nice cards, it's just that simple. That's why we insist on the highest quality paper and use the best digital and offset printing to ensure your order meets our 100% Satisfaction Guarantee promise – every time. We like options too, which is why many of our cards are available in a variety of sizes and paper stocks to fit any budget. If you're not sure, just request a free sample and see for yourself.
        Learn more…



100% GUARANTEE We believe in our products. That's why every CardsDirect order comes with a 100% Satisfaction Guarantee. If you are unhappy with the quality or workmanship of your product for any reason, we will fix it, replace it, or you may return it. We will refund your full purchase price when the returned items are received.
        See our Help Page for more information. 



13 YEARS IN BUSINESS Heck, we're almost an antique in "internet years". Founded in 1998, we wanted to create a company that made sending custom cards easy. We never expected that solving that problem would make all of the Fortune 100 companies (yes, all of them), along with thousands of small businesses and families across the country choose us. We really hope you like us too because we don't plan on going anywhere.



BBB Everyone likes getting good grades. The Better Business Bureau (BBB) tracks and grades businesses for consumer fraud and ethical business practices… and we got an "A+"! CardsDirect has been a "BBB Accredited Business" since 2005, and is continually monitored on 16 rating factors. They like us, and we hope you will too!



INC 500/5000 When you treat your customers nice, good things happen. CardsDirect is proud to have made the Inc 500|5000 list of fastest growing private companies in 2009. Thank you for putting us on the map! We believe strongly in customer service. A person who cares enough to send a card deserves a great amount of care in return, so in everything we do – our customers know we are right there, every step of the way, to make everything go smoothly. 



VERISIGN Security is important. CardsDirect is committed to ensuring that your identity and information are protected while you are a guest on our site. That's why we are a verified business with VeriSign (the most recognized trust mark on the Internet) and why we use SSL Encrypted Data Transmission during transactions. And just for fun, they scan us daily for Malware too!

















Login In To Your Account
Enjoy faster checkout, access to Saved Favorites, and up-to-date tracking information with a CardsDirect account.


Want To Check The Status Of An Order
In order to check the status of an existing order, you must first log in into an existing account. If you don't have an account, create one now using the email address associated with your order.
                            


Don't Lose Your Customization - Save Your Design
In order to save your customization, you must log in to an existing account or create an account.
                            


You Need An Account
In order to save this item and return to it later, you must create an account or login.
                            


Save This As A Favorite
You can temporarily save favorites without an account but they will be lost when you close your browser.
                                
                                Create an account or log in to an existing account to keep and share your favorites.
                            


Do You Have A Tax Exempt Certificate?
If you are eligible for tax exemption, you will need to send us your tax exempt certificate. You will need an account to do this. Log in to an existing account or create an account now.



New Customers

I need to create an account because I want to check the status of an order.
Create An Account


I do not have an account but want to save my design.
Create An Account


I want to create an account so I can provide my tax exempt certificate.
Create An Account


I do not have an account but want to keep and save my favorites
Create An Account
I don't want to create an account right now. I just want to temporary save favorites as I shop.
Temporarily Save


You do not need an account to checkout. You will have an opportunity to create an account later if you change your mind.
Continue




                                            Email Address




Please enter your e-mail address.
Please enter a valid e-mail address.







Returning Customers


                                        Email Addressrequired




Please enter your e-mail address.
Please enter a valid e-mail address.




                                        Passwordrequired




Please enter your password.





Forgot Password?


Invalid username and/or password.




We will not share or use your email address without consent.



Forgot You Password? No Problem.
Resetting your password is quick and easy.
                            
                            Provide your email address and we will send you a link.
                        




                                    Email Address
                                


Please enter your e-mail address.
Please enter a valid e-mail address.



Recover Password



Return to Login




Create An Account
Enjoy faster checkout, up-to-date tracking information and other enhanced features with an account.


                                First Name required




Please enter your first name.



                                Last Name required




Please enter your last name.



                                Email Address required



Please enter your email address.
 Please enter a valid e-mail address.




                                Password required




Please provide a password.








                                Send me money-saving promotions.
                            









I Have An Account



We will not share or use your email address without consent. 
















































ENJOY INSTANT SAVINGS OF
15% OFF
YOUR ORDER TODAY

Sign up for the latest news, helpful tips and our most exclusive offers.

Please enter your first and last name.
Please enter a valid email address.

First Name required



Last Name required



Email required


Sign Up




THANKS
FOR SIGNING UP!

We just sent you a welcome email and also added a special 15% OFF promo code to your shopping cart.
START SHOPPING




Suggested Searches 
I need to re-order?
What's the status of my order?
Birthday
Thank You
Holiday / Christmas









American Greetings: Greeting Cards - Email or Print Cards Today





















































Skip to navigation
Skip to content








Sign In
Join Now
our purpose
member benefits
find a retailer


Welcome to American Greetings





ecards

Innovative ecards to send, share or post



Occasions
Anniversary
Baby
Birthday
Congratulations
Encourage & Support
Friendship
Get Well
Goodbye & Good Luck
Graduation
Just Because
Love
Sympathy
Thank You
Wedding & Engagement




Holidays
Friendship Day 8/6
Labor Day 9/4
Grandparents Day 9/10
Patriot Day 9/11
Rosh Hashanah 9/20 - 9/22
Breast Cancer Awareness Month
Canadian Thanksgiving 10/9
Columbus Day 10/9
Boss's Day 10/16
Sweetest Day 10/21
Diwali 10/18 - 10/22
Halloween 10/31




Collections
Brighten Someone's Day
Everyday Grace
Funny Ecards
Game Ecards
Pet Ecards
Shark Ecards
Talking Ecards
Video Ecards
Wonder Woman
Kathy Davis


Gifts
Gifts & Gift Cards
Gift Membership




View all holiday ecards »
View all ecards »



Print At Home

Create and print cards from your home computer.



Occasions & Invitations
Anniversary
Baby
Birthday
Congratulations
Encourage & Support
Friendship
Get Well
Goodbye & Good Luck




Graduation
Just Because
Love
Party
Sympathy
Thank You
Thinking of You
Wedding & Engagement




Holidays
Friendship Day 8/6
Grandparents Day 9/10
Rosh Hashanah 9/20 - 9/22
Boss's Day 10/16
Diwali 10/19
Halloween 10/31




View all holiday print at home cards »
view all print at home cards »



Shop

Buy Greeting Cards, Party Supplies, Gift Wrap and More!



Paper Cards
Stationery Sets
Greeting Card Bundles
Greeting Cards




Party Supplies
Decorations
Party Favors
Party Invitations & Thank Yous
Tableware




Gift Wrap & Bows
Gift Bags
Bows
Tissue Paper
Wrapping Paper




view all at our online store »






choose which product to search

search ecards
search print at home



type your search term here



find greeting












Your membership is set up to expire. Turn on automatic renewal.
close











Shark Extravaganza



Summer is here and that means it's shark season. Celebrate with a fun ecard for your family and friends!
See shark ecards


See more:
Birthday Ecards,
Summer Ecards,
Shark Ecards








Birthday Ecards




Send happy birthday wishes with our newest ecards that are sure to bring a smile to their face.
See birthday ecards







Anniversary Ecards




Whether it's for your sweetheart or a special couple, send an ecard to show how much you care.
See anniversary ecards







Interactive Game Ecards




Did you know ecards can also be games, quizzes or puzzles? Play a game, send an ecard, or do both!
See interactive game ecards











Print at Home




They'll never get a card like this! Personalize and print one-of-a-kind birthday wishes from your home computer.
See birthday printables







Give Meaning




We recognize the importance of relationships and how cards help give meaning to the real moments in life that matter.
Give meaning to what matters







Shop from Home




Shop greeting cards, gift wrap, party supplies & more from the comfort of your own home.
Shop paper cards and more













Ecards

Birthday Ecards
Christmas Ecards
Ecard Site Map
Ecard Pickup

Shop

Paper Cards
Party Supplies
Gift Wrap & Bows
Find a Retailer



Print at Home

Birthday
Christmas
Print at Home Site Map

Gifts

Gift Cards
Gift Membership




Apps & More

Affiliate Program
Wallpapers & Screensavers
Reminders Calendar
iPhone App
justWink App
Creatacard App
Live Greetings App
Shuttersong
Retail Stationery Templates
Accessibility



Corporate News

Careers
About American Greetings
Investor Relations
Press Room
Email Protection Resource Center
Online Trust Alliance Winner



We Are Social

Like Us on Facebook
Blog
Instagram
Check Out our Pins
Follow Us on Twitter
Google Plus





Help Give Us Feedback Contact Us Member Benefits Terms of Service Privacy Policy updated May 3, 2017

Check out our friends at: Bluemountain.com Cardstore.com
AmericanGreetings.com is a service of AG Interactive. ©1996-2017 AGCM, Inc. All rights reserved.



























American Greetings - Wikipedia





















 






American Greetings

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (April 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



American Greetings Corporation, LLC





Formerly called

Sapirstein Greeting Card Company



Type

Private


Industry
Greeting card


Founded
Brooklyn, Ohio, United States (1906; 111 years ago (1906))


Founder
Jacob Sapirstein


Headquarters
Westlake, Ohio, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Morry Weiss (Chairman)
Zev Weiss (Co-CEO)
Jeffrey M. Weiss (Co-CEO)
John W. Beeder (President and COO)
Erwin Weiss (Senior Vice President)
Gregory M. Steinberg (CFO)





Products



Greeting cards
Gift wrap
Party goods
Giftware
Stationery
Electronic greetings
Calendars
Educational products





Brands



Carlton
Tender Thoughts
Just For You
Gibson
Care Bears
The Get Along Gang
Popples
Holly Hobbie





Owner
Weiss Family



Number of employees

27,500 (2012)[1]


Subsidiaries



Carlton Cards
Those Characters from Cleveland
Clintons





Website
ag.com


American Greetings Corporation, LLC is an American privately owned company, it is the world’s largest greeting card producer. Based in Westlake, Ohio, a suburb of Cleveland, the company sells paper greeting cards, electronic greeting cards, party products (such as wrapping papers and decorations), and electronic expressive content (e.g., ringtones and images for cell phones). In addition, the company owns the Carlton Cards, Tender Thoughts, Just For You, and Gibson brands.[1]
American Greetings' toy design and licensing division, Those Characters From Cleveland (now American Greetings Properties), includes copyrighted properties such as Care Bears, Topsy and Tim, The Get Along Gang, Popples and Holly Hobbie. American Greetings also holds an exclusive license for Nickelodeon characters.



Contents


1 History
2 Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears
3 Licenses
4 Cartoonists
5 See also
6 Sponsorships
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
Founded in 1906 by Polish immigrant Jacob Sapirstein (1885–1987), who sold cards from a horse-drawn cart, American Greetings has been run by members of the family since its inception. Irving I. Stone (Sapirstein's oldest son, who changed his surname to Stone) was stuffing envelopes at age five, handling the business during his father's illness when he was nine, and worked for the company full-time upon leaving high school. He was succeeded as CEO by his son-in-law Morry Weiss in 1987, and Stone took the title "Founder-Chairman" previously held by his father, when Weiss became chairman in 1992, before dying in 2000. In 1993, American Greetings began sponsoring the Entertainment Tonight Birthdays, also in that same year, the company also introduced its new corporate mascot, the Birthday Bear, AG remained sponsor until 2000, when competitor Hallmark Cards assumed sponsorship.
In 1999, the company bought rival Gibson Greetings and united the second and third largest U.S. greeting card makers.[2]
In 2003, Morry Weiss's sons Zev and Jeffrey became CEO and President respectively; Morry Weiss remains Chairman. In early 2007, American Greetings replaced Kellogg's as the sponsor for Dragon Tales.[citation needed] American Greetings has also branched out onto the Internet, and owns a network of websites. October 25, 2007, it announced the purchase of Webshots from CNET for $45 million in cash.[3]
In October 2005, American Greetings recalled its Sesame Street toy sunglasses sold from December 2003 through August 2005, because the lenses can separate from the frames, posing a choking hazard to young children.[4]
In 2006, American Greetings celebrated its 100th anniversary.
In 2010, American Greetings announced plans to move its headquarters from Brooklyn, Ohio to a new facility at Crocker Park within the nearby city of Westlake.[5] However, in 2013, the company announced it would delay moving its operations to Westlake. Construction had been scheduled to start in early 2013, and American Greetings said it was only delaying the $150 to $200 million project.
In June 2012, American Greetings acquired assets from Clinton Cards PLC together with some of its subsidiaries.[6]
American Greetings went private once again in 2013, thus removing itself from all the public markets, agreeing to pay $18.20 per share, valuing the company at $878 million.[7]
In 2014, American Greetings sold its Brooklyn, Ohio headquarters to developers and began renting its current offices from the new owners until the move to Westlake.[8]
American Greetings opened their new Westlake headquarters in September 2016.[9]
American Greetings operates with four divisions:[10][11]

North American Social Expression Products,
International Social Expression Products,
AG Interactive (Webshots was formerly part of AG Interactive)[12]
a non-reportable operating segment, sometimes referred to as "Retail"[10]

Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears[edit]
In July 2008, American Greetings announced the sale of its Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears properties to DIC Entertainment (now part of Cookie Jar Entertainment). However, January 9, 2009 it announced that the planned sale had been canceled.[13] As a result, the properties remain under American Greetings' ownership as the company searches for a new buyer.
March 24, 2009, MoonScoop offered to pay $95 million for the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake properties and related rights held by Cookie Jar. Under that deal, American Greetings would pocket $76 million for the animation assets while Cookie Jar would get $19 million for its own rights.[14]
March 30, 2009, Cookie Jar made a $76 million counter-bid for Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake. Cookie Jar had until April 30, 2009 to complete the deal. If Cookie Jar failed to close the deal, MoonScoop had until June 7, 2009, to complete its own deal with American Greetings.[14]
In May 2009, American Greetings filed a $100 million lawsuit against Cookie Jar with Cookie Jar filing a $25 million countersuit against American Greetings over the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake deal.[15][16] In August, 2009 MoonScoop filed a lawsuit against American Greetings over the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake deal.[17][18]
In February 2015, Iconix Brand Group acquired the rights to Strawberry Shortcake from American Greetings for $105 million.[19][20]
Licenses[edit]
(Note: not all licenses are original creations by American Greetings. Some were licensed from third parties, where indicated)

Betsy's Kindergarten Adventures
Care Bears
The Electric Company (2009 TV series)
The Get Along Gang
Herself the Elf
Holly Hobbie (original)
Holly Hobbie & Friends
Kelly Clarkson[21]
Lady Lovely Locks
Madballs
Maryoku Yummy
My Pet Monster
Packages from Planet X
Paintbox Studios
Peppermint Rose
Popples
Pretty Freekin Scary
Ring Raiders
Strawberry Shortcake
Sushi Pack (created by Studio Espinosa and Cloudco[22])
TinPo (created by UNKL[23])
Topsy and Tim
Twisted Whiskers

Cartoonists[edit]

R. Crumb
Peter Guren (Ask Shagg)

See also[edit]

Cardmaking
Carlton Cards - American Greetings' Canadian branch.
Carlton Cards Retail - American Greetings' store management.
John Sands (company), Australian subsidiary
British subsidiary UK Greetings[24]
Clintons, formerly ‘Clinton Cards’ - UK card retailer acquired by American Greetings in 2012

Sponsorships[edit]

Sesame Street

References[edit]



^ a b "American Greetings, Form 10-K, Annual Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. April 30, 2012. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings to buy rival". Reading Eagle. Associated Press. November 4, 1999. Retrieved June 18, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report". Securities and Exchange Commission. December 20, 2007. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "CPSC, American Greetings Corp. Announce Recall of Sesame Street Sunglasses" (Press release). U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission. September 1, 2005. Retrieved December 8, 2014. 
^ Cho, Janet (January 7, 2010). "American Greetings may pull its world headquarters out of Brooklyn, Ohio". The Plain Dealer. Cleveland. Retrieved January 7, 2010. BROOKLYN, Ohio -- American Greetings Corp., the nation's largest publicly held greeting card manufacturer, is exploring moving its global headquarters from Brooklyn to another community - maybe even out of state - with lower taxes. 
^ "US company American Greetings acquires Clinton Cards". The Guardian. June 7, 2012. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ Cho, Janet H. (April 1, 2013). "American Greetings' Weiss Family Aims to Take the Company Private Again, Via an $878 Million Offer for Outstanding Shares". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved April 4, 2013. 
^ McFee, Michelle Jarboe (1 July 2014). "American Greetings sells Brooklyn headquarters; Lichter, Semarjian plan 150-acre industrial park". Cleveland.com. Retrieved 9 May 2015. 
^ "American Greetings opens new Westlake headquarters". Crain's Cleveland Business. 2016-09-28. Retrieved 2016-11-05. 
^ a b "Company Overview of American Greetings Corp.". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. 2014. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ McKee, Tyler (March 30, 2011). "Higher Prices Still In The Cards For American Greetings". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ "Company Overview of AG Interactive, Inc.". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. 2014. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ Grant, Allison (November 26, 2012). "American Greetings wins case against MoonScoop over Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved 2014-12-08. 
^ a b "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report". Securities and Exchange Commission. March 30, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. May 12, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "Brooklyn-based American Greetings accuses Cookie Jar Entertainment of bad faith in Strawberry Shortcake, Care Bears deal". The Plain Dealer. May 12, 2009. Retrieved May 12, 2009. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. October 7, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "MoonScoop sues American Greetings over Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake". The Plain Dealer. August 13, 2009. Retrieved August 16, 2009. 
^ Atkinson, Claire (3 February 2015). "Strawberry Shortcake is new ‘it’ girl for Iconix". New York Post. Retrieved 7 February 2015. 
^ Associated Press (3 February 2015). "Snoopy Owner Iconix to Buy Strawberry Shortcake for $105M". ABC News. Retrieved 7 February 2015. 
^ Philpot, Robert (April 7, 2015). "Kelly Clarkson launches greeting-card line". star-telegram.com. Star-Telegram. Retrieved April 8, 2015. 
^ "Studio Espinosa Illustration". studioespinosa.com. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 
^ "UNKL » TEES, TEES & MORE TEES". unklbrand.com. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 
^ "UK Greetings Greeting Card Gift Wrap Social Expression Publisher". ukgreetings.co.uk. Archived from the original on 9 May 2015. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 



External links[edit]

American Greetings
American Greetings Properties
American Greetings SEC Filings





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=American_Greetings&oldid=790314641"					
Categories: American GreetingsCompanies formerly listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies established in 1906Companies based in ClevelandGreeting cards1906 establishments in OhioHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from April 2009All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2007 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 23:00.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























American Greetings Corporation

 


































































FIND 
        A STORE     RECALLS   California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010 Compliance   LEGAL 
        INFORMATION       CONTACT 
        US
� 
      2016 AGC, LLC ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
  Follow Us: Twitter @AMGreetings  Facebook  Pinterest •  Blog 













American Greetings - Wikipedia





















 






American Greetings

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (April 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



American Greetings Corporation, LLC





Formerly called

Sapirstein Greeting Card Company



Type

Private


Industry
Greeting card


Founded
Brooklyn, Ohio, United States (1906; 111 years ago (1906))


Founder
Jacob Sapirstein


Headquarters
Westlake, Ohio, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Morry Weiss (Chairman)
Zev Weiss (Co-CEO)
Jeffrey M. Weiss (Co-CEO)
John W. Beeder (President and COO)
Erwin Weiss (Senior Vice President)
Gregory M. Steinberg (CFO)





Products



Greeting cards
Gift wrap
Party goods
Giftware
Stationery
Electronic greetings
Calendars
Educational products





Brands



Carlton
Tender Thoughts
Just For You
Gibson
Care Bears
The Get Along Gang
Popples
Holly Hobbie





Owner
Weiss Family



Number of employees

27,500 (2012)[1]


Subsidiaries



Carlton Cards
Those Characters from Cleveland
Clintons





Website
ag.com


American Greetings Corporation, LLC is an American privately owned company, it is the world’s largest greeting card producer. Based in Westlake, Ohio, a suburb of Cleveland, the company sells paper greeting cards, electronic greeting cards, party products (such as wrapping papers and decorations), and electronic expressive content (e.g., ringtones and images for cell phones). In addition, the company owns the Carlton Cards, Tender Thoughts, Just For You, and Gibson brands.[1]
American Greetings' toy design and licensing division, Those Characters From Cleveland (now American Greetings Properties), includes copyrighted properties such as Care Bears, Topsy and Tim, The Get Along Gang, Popples and Holly Hobbie. American Greetings also holds an exclusive license for Nickelodeon characters.



Contents


1 History
2 Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears
3 Licenses
4 Cartoonists
5 See also
6 Sponsorships
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
Founded in 1906 by Polish immigrant Jacob Sapirstein (1885–1987), who sold cards from a horse-drawn cart, American Greetings has been run by members of the family since its inception. Irving I. Stone (Sapirstein's oldest son, who changed his surname to Stone) was stuffing envelopes at age five, handling the business during his father's illness when he was nine, and worked for the company full-time upon leaving high school. He was succeeded as CEO by his son-in-law Morry Weiss in 1987, and Stone took the title "Founder-Chairman" previously held by his father, when Weiss became chairman in 1992, before dying in 2000. In 1993, American Greetings began sponsoring the Entertainment Tonight Birthdays, also in that same year, the company also introduced its new corporate mascot, the Birthday Bear, AG remained sponsor until 2000, when competitor Hallmark Cards assumed sponsorship.
In 1999, the company bought rival Gibson Greetings and united the second and third largest U.S. greeting card makers.[2]
In 2003, Morry Weiss's sons Zev and Jeffrey became CEO and President respectively; Morry Weiss remains Chairman. In early 2007, American Greetings replaced Kellogg's as the sponsor for Dragon Tales.[citation needed] American Greetings has also branched out onto the Internet, and owns a network of websites. October 25, 2007, it announced the purchase of Webshots from CNET for $45 million in cash.[3]
In October 2005, American Greetings recalled its Sesame Street toy sunglasses sold from December 2003 through August 2005, because the lenses can separate from the frames, posing a choking hazard to young children.[4]
In 2006, American Greetings celebrated its 100th anniversary.
In 2010, American Greetings announced plans to move its headquarters from Brooklyn, Ohio to a new facility at Crocker Park within the nearby city of Westlake.[5] However, in 2013, the company announced it would delay moving its operations to Westlake. Construction had been scheduled to start in early 2013, and American Greetings said it was only delaying the $150 to $200 million project.
In June 2012, American Greetings acquired assets from Clinton Cards PLC together with some of its subsidiaries.[6]
American Greetings went private once again in 2013, thus removing itself from all the public markets, agreeing to pay $18.20 per share, valuing the company at $878 million.[7]
In 2014, American Greetings sold its Brooklyn, Ohio headquarters to developers and began renting its current offices from the new owners until the move to Westlake.[8]
American Greetings opened their new Westlake headquarters in September 2016.[9]
American Greetings operates with four divisions:[10][11]

North American Social Expression Products,
International Social Expression Products,
AG Interactive (Webshots was formerly part of AG Interactive)[12]
a non-reportable operating segment, sometimes referred to as "Retail"[10]

Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears[edit]
In July 2008, American Greetings announced the sale of its Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears properties to DIC Entertainment (now part of Cookie Jar Entertainment). However, January 9, 2009 it announced that the planned sale had been canceled.[13] As a result, the properties remain under American Greetings' ownership as the company searches for a new buyer.
March 24, 2009, MoonScoop offered to pay $95 million for the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake properties and related rights held by Cookie Jar. Under that deal, American Greetings would pocket $76 million for the animation assets while Cookie Jar would get $19 million for its own rights.[14]
March 30, 2009, Cookie Jar made a $76 million counter-bid for Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake. Cookie Jar had until April 30, 2009 to complete the deal. If Cookie Jar failed to close the deal, MoonScoop had until June 7, 2009, to complete its own deal with American Greetings.[14]
In May 2009, American Greetings filed a $100 million lawsuit against Cookie Jar with Cookie Jar filing a $25 million countersuit against American Greetings over the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake deal.[15][16] In August, 2009 MoonScoop filed a lawsuit against American Greetings over the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake deal.[17][18]
In February 2015, Iconix Brand Group acquired the rights to Strawberry Shortcake from American Greetings for $105 million.[19][20]
Licenses[edit]
(Note: not all licenses are original creations by American Greetings. Some were licensed from third parties, where indicated)

Betsy's Kindergarten Adventures
Care Bears
The Electric Company (2009 TV series)
The Get Along Gang
Herself the Elf
Holly Hobbie (original)
Holly Hobbie & Friends
Kelly Clarkson[21]
Lady Lovely Locks
Madballs
Maryoku Yummy
My Pet Monster
Packages from Planet X
Paintbox Studios
Peppermint Rose
Popples
Pretty Freekin Scary
Ring Raiders
Strawberry Shortcake
Sushi Pack (created by Studio Espinosa and Cloudco[22])
TinPo (created by UNKL[23])
Topsy and Tim
Twisted Whiskers

Cartoonists[edit]

R. Crumb
Peter Guren (Ask Shagg)

See also[edit]

Cardmaking
Carlton Cards - American Greetings' Canadian branch.
Carlton Cards Retail - American Greetings' store management.
John Sands (company), Australian subsidiary
British subsidiary UK Greetings[24]
Clintons, formerly ‘Clinton Cards’ - UK card retailer acquired by American Greetings in 2012

Sponsorships[edit]

Sesame Street

References[edit]



^ a b "American Greetings, Form 10-K, Annual Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. April 30, 2012. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings to buy rival". Reading Eagle. Associated Press. November 4, 1999. Retrieved June 18, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report". Securities and Exchange Commission. December 20, 2007. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "CPSC, American Greetings Corp. Announce Recall of Sesame Street Sunglasses" (Press release). U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission. September 1, 2005. Retrieved December 8, 2014. 
^ Cho, Janet (January 7, 2010). "American Greetings may pull its world headquarters out of Brooklyn, Ohio". The Plain Dealer. Cleveland. Retrieved January 7, 2010. BROOKLYN, Ohio -- American Greetings Corp., the nation's largest publicly held greeting card manufacturer, is exploring moving its global headquarters from Brooklyn to another community - maybe even out of state - with lower taxes. 
^ "US company American Greetings acquires Clinton Cards". The Guardian. June 7, 2012. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ Cho, Janet H. (April 1, 2013). "American Greetings' Weiss Family Aims to Take the Company Private Again, Via an $878 Million Offer for Outstanding Shares". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved April 4, 2013. 
^ McFee, Michelle Jarboe (1 July 2014). "American Greetings sells Brooklyn headquarters; Lichter, Semarjian plan 150-acre industrial park". Cleveland.com. Retrieved 9 May 2015. 
^ "American Greetings opens new Westlake headquarters". Crain's Cleveland Business. 2016-09-28. Retrieved 2016-11-05. 
^ a b "Company Overview of American Greetings Corp.". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. 2014. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ McKee, Tyler (March 30, 2011). "Higher Prices Still In The Cards For American Greetings". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ "Company Overview of AG Interactive, Inc.". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. 2014. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ Grant, Allison (November 26, 2012). "American Greetings wins case against MoonScoop over Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved 2014-12-08. 
^ a b "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report". Securities and Exchange Commission. March 30, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. May 12, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "Brooklyn-based American Greetings accuses Cookie Jar Entertainment of bad faith in Strawberry Shortcake, Care Bears deal". The Plain Dealer. May 12, 2009. Retrieved May 12, 2009. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. October 7, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "MoonScoop sues American Greetings over Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake". The Plain Dealer. August 13, 2009. Retrieved August 16, 2009. 
^ Atkinson, Claire (3 February 2015). "Strawberry Shortcake is new ‘it’ girl for Iconix". New York Post. Retrieved 7 February 2015. 
^ Associated Press (3 February 2015). "Snoopy Owner Iconix to Buy Strawberry Shortcake for $105M". ABC News. Retrieved 7 February 2015. 
^ Philpot, Robert (April 7, 2015). "Kelly Clarkson launches greeting-card line". star-telegram.com. Star-Telegram. Retrieved April 8, 2015. 
^ "Studio Espinosa Illustration". studioespinosa.com. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 
^ "UNKL » TEES, TEES & MORE TEES". unklbrand.com. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 
^ "UK Greetings Greeting Card Gift Wrap Social Expression Publisher". ukgreetings.co.uk. Archived from the original on 9 May 2015. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 



External links[edit]

American Greetings
American Greetings Properties
American Greetings SEC Filings





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=American_Greetings&oldid=790314641"					
Categories: American GreetingsCompanies formerly listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies established in 1906Companies based in ClevelandGreeting cards1906 establishments in OhioHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from April 2009All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2007 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 23:00.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






















American Greetings (@amgreetings) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.






Moments
Moments
Moments, current page.






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      American GreetingsVerified account



@amgreetings












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
8,475
            



Following
Following
1,482



Followers
Followers
17.2K



Likes
Likes
14.7K



Lists
Lists
1
 
 
More 







Likes
Lists






Unmute @amgreetings

Mute @amgreetings



Follow


    Following
  

    Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















American GreetingsVerified account



@amgreetings


...working to make the world a more thoughtful and caring place every single day.



            Cleveland, OH

      



 
    americangreetings.com
  




Joined November 2008












                
                1,496 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @amgreetings
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @amgreetings
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            American Greetings followed
        

























American Greetings‏Verified account @amgreetings

5h5 hours ago






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Sometimes you need someone to look you in the eyes and ask like they care. #GiveMeaningpic.twitter.com/NxsZcrZjSm
















1 reply




2 retweets




2 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













American Greetings‏Verified account @amgreetings

Jul 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







A cousin is a ready-made friend for life! 
Tag your cousins and wish them a very happy Cousins Day!pic.twitter.com/0ZPErbxfID
















0 replies




3 retweets




7 likes








Reply










Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


7





Liked


7










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













American Greetings‏Verified account @amgreetings

Jul 22






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#GiveMeaningpic.twitter.com/MX1mAiGoVx
















0 replies




3 retweets




9 likes








Reply










Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


9





Liked


9










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










American Greetings Retweeted
            







Our Misconception‏ @rmisconception

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







    Replying to @amgreetings


A simple piece of paper can make a difference in the life of someone who is going through a difficult struggle. Thank you #GiveMeaning





0 replies




6 retweets




6 likes








Reply










Retweet


6




Retweeted


6








Like


6





Liked


6










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













American Greetings‏Verified account @amgreetings

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet


Embed Video







Our wish for all of you is to have the happy ending you dream of. But in the meantime, we hope you know that you are #NotAlone. #GiveMeaningpic.twitter.com/WI9yMc5hGv



















1 reply




14 retweets




22 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


14




Retweeted


14








Like


22





Liked


22










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













American Greetings‏Verified account @amgreetings

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Thank you for joining our conversation with @Resolveorg and helping us raise awareness on this important topic. #GiveMeaning





1 reply




1 retweet




3 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













American Greetings‏Verified account @amgreetings

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







We’re overwhelmed and honored that so many chose to share their stories with us today.  #GiveMeaning





1 reply




0 retweets




9 likes








Reply


1







Retweet







Retweeted











Like


9





Liked


9










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













American Greetings‏Verified account @amgreetings

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







For more stories and inspiration, visit our #GiveMeaning page: http://spr.ly/60158ShzS 





0 replies




2 retweets




2 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













American Greetings‏Verified account @amgreetings

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Q6: What do you wish people knew about your IF journey? Fill out this free printable and share with #GiveMeaning http://spr.ly/60168Sh0q pic.twitter.com/SABT1r4nXG
















1 reply




3 retweets




10 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


10





Liked


10










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










American Greetings Retweeted
            







Ashley Gillen Binder‏ @ashleygillen

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







    Replying to @JamesonAPLang


Do it! I've been leading mine for nearly a year and it is SO rewarding! @resolveorg @amgreetings #givemeaning





0 replies




2 retweets




5 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


5





Liked


5










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










American Greetings Retweeted
            







Julie Berman‏ @julieberman

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






Julie Berman Retweeted Sandy Jameson

@JamesonAPLang Start one! Felt so good to help others (and ended up helping myself in the process!). @resolveorg @amgreetings #givemeaninghttps://twitter.com/JamesonAPLang/status/888462446964375552 …

Julie Berman added,








Sandy Jameson @JamesonAPLang

A1) No support groups in my area. Can’t figure out why. Considering starting one #givemeaning









0 replies




2 retweets




6 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


6





Liked


6










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













American Greetings‏Verified account @amgreetings

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#GiveMeaningpic.twitter.com/V7NqX1ZuUd
















0 replies




4 retweets




5 likes








Reply










Retweet


4




Retweeted


4








Like


5





Liked


5










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










American Greetings Retweeted
            







resolveorg‏ @resolveorg

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







    Replying to @amgreetings


Just letting us know you care is really helpful.  "I'm sorry this is happening."  #givemeaning





0 replies




3 retweets




6 likes








Reply










Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


6





Liked


6










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













American Greetings‏Verified account @amgreetings

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







A supportive partner or friends plays an important role in every journey. #GiveMeaning
http://spr.ly/60118ShLJ pic.twitter.com/s2rYpzexV1
















0 replies




1 retweet




1 like








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













American Greetings‏Verified account @amgreetings

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Q5: How has your journey changed the way you treat others going through a difficult time? #GiveMeaning





3 replies




2 retweets




1 like








Reply


3







Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










American Greetings Retweeted
            







Erica Martin Brown‏ @ericaleigh33

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







    Replying to @amgreetings


It's tough but don't be afraid to say the wrong then don't say anything. Silence is the worst.





0 replies




1 retweet




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













American Greetings‏Verified account @amgreetings

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







You don't always know what someone is going through. #GiveMeaningpic.twitter.com/HJWv36asZR
















0 replies




6 retweets




9 likes








Reply










Retweet


6




Retweeted


6








Like


9





Liked


9










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













American Greetings‏Verified account @amgreetings

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Elizabeth Grill, Psy. D,  member of the Board of Directors for @resolveorg shares her advice. #GiveMeaning
http://spr.ly/60138ShIF pic.twitter.com/mcnkBhI1dg
















0 replies




2 retweets




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













American Greetings‏Verified account @amgreetings

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Q4: How can someone avoid saying the wrong thing about infertility? What can they say instead? #GiveMeaning





7 replies




1 retweet




5 likes








Reply


7







Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


5





Liked


5










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













American Greetings‏Verified account @amgreetings

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#GiveMeaningpic.twitter.com/dFC6IJS83V
















0 replies




5 retweets




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


5




Retweeted


5








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @amgreetings hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user

























American Greetings - Wikipedia





















 






American Greetings

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search






This article needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (April 2009) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)



American Greetings Corporation, LLC





Formerly called

Sapirstein Greeting Card Company



Type

Private


Industry
Greeting card


Founded
Brooklyn, Ohio, United States (1906; 111 years ago (1906))


Founder
Jacob Sapirstein


Headquarters
Westlake, Ohio, United States



Area served

Worldwide



Key people




Morry Weiss (Chairman)
Zev Weiss (Co-CEO)
Jeffrey M. Weiss (Co-CEO)
John W. Beeder (President and COO)
Erwin Weiss (Senior Vice President)
Gregory M. Steinberg (CFO)





Products



Greeting cards
Gift wrap
Party goods
Giftware
Stationery
Electronic greetings
Calendars
Educational products





Brands



Carlton
Tender Thoughts
Just For You
Gibson
Care Bears
The Get Along Gang
Popples
Holly Hobbie





Owner
Weiss Family



Number of employees

27,500 (2012)[1]


Subsidiaries



Carlton Cards
Those Characters from Cleveland
Clintons





Website
ag.com


American Greetings Corporation, LLC is an American privately owned company, it is the world’s largest greeting card producer. Based in Westlake, Ohio, a suburb of Cleveland, the company sells paper greeting cards, electronic greeting cards, party products (such as wrapping papers and decorations), and electronic expressive content (e.g., ringtones and images for cell phones). In addition, the company owns the Carlton Cards, Tender Thoughts, Just For You, and Gibson brands.[1]
American Greetings' toy design and licensing division, Those Characters From Cleveland (now American Greetings Properties), includes copyrighted properties such as Care Bears, Topsy and Tim, The Get Along Gang, Popples and Holly Hobbie. American Greetings also holds an exclusive license for Nickelodeon characters.



Contents


1 History
2 Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears
3 Licenses
4 Cartoonists
5 See also
6 Sponsorships
7 References
8 External links



History[edit]
Founded in 1906 by Polish immigrant Jacob Sapirstein (1885–1987), who sold cards from a horse-drawn cart, American Greetings has been run by members of the family since its inception. Irving I. Stone (Sapirstein's oldest son, who changed his surname to Stone) was stuffing envelopes at age five, handling the business during his father's illness when he was nine, and worked for the company full-time upon leaving high school. He was succeeded as CEO by his son-in-law Morry Weiss in 1987, and Stone took the title "Founder-Chairman" previously held by his father, when Weiss became chairman in 1992, before dying in 2000. In 1993, American Greetings began sponsoring the Entertainment Tonight Birthdays, also in that same year, the company also introduced its new corporate mascot, the Birthday Bear, AG remained sponsor until 2000, when competitor Hallmark Cards assumed sponsorship.
In 1999, the company bought rival Gibson Greetings and united the second and third largest U.S. greeting card makers.[2]
In 2003, Morry Weiss's sons Zev and Jeffrey became CEO and President respectively; Morry Weiss remains Chairman. In early 2007, American Greetings replaced Kellogg's as the sponsor for Dragon Tales.[citation needed] American Greetings has also branched out onto the Internet, and owns a network of websites. October 25, 2007, it announced the purchase of Webshots from CNET for $45 million in cash.[3]
In October 2005, American Greetings recalled its Sesame Street toy sunglasses sold from December 2003 through August 2005, because the lenses can separate from the frames, posing a choking hazard to young children.[4]
In 2006, American Greetings celebrated its 100th anniversary.
In 2010, American Greetings announced plans to move its headquarters from Brooklyn, Ohio to a new facility at Crocker Park within the nearby city of Westlake.[5] However, in 2013, the company announced it would delay moving its operations to Westlake. Construction had been scheduled to start in early 2013, and American Greetings said it was only delaying the $150 to $200 million project.
In June 2012, American Greetings acquired assets from Clinton Cards PLC together with some of its subsidiaries.[6]
American Greetings went private once again in 2013, thus removing itself from all the public markets, agreeing to pay $18.20 per share, valuing the company at $878 million.[7]
In 2014, American Greetings sold its Brooklyn, Ohio headquarters to developers and began renting its current offices from the new owners until the move to Westlake.[8]
American Greetings opened their new Westlake headquarters in September 2016.[9]
American Greetings operates with four divisions:[10][11]

North American Social Expression Products,
International Social Expression Products,
AG Interactive (Webshots was formerly part of AG Interactive)[12]
a non-reportable operating segment, sometimes referred to as "Retail"[10]

Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears[edit]
In July 2008, American Greetings announced the sale of its Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears properties to DIC Entertainment (now part of Cookie Jar Entertainment). However, January 9, 2009 it announced that the planned sale had been canceled.[13] As a result, the properties remain under American Greetings' ownership as the company searches for a new buyer.
March 24, 2009, MoonScoop offered to pay $95 million for the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake properties and related rights held by Cookie Jar. Under that deal, American Greetings would pocket $76 million for the animation assets while Cookie Jar would get $19 million for its own rights.[14]
March 30, 2009, Cookie Jar made a $76 million counter-bid for Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake. Cookie Jar had until April 30, 2009 to complete the deal. If Cookie Jar failed to close the deal, MoonScoop had until June 7, 2009, to complete its own deal with American Greetings.[14]
In May 2009, American Greetings filed a $100 million lawsuit against Cookie Jar with Cookie Jar filing a $25 million countersuit against American Greetings over the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake deal.[15][16] In August, 2009 MoonScoop filed a lawsuit against American Greetings over the Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake deal.[17][18]
In February 2015, Iconix Brand Group acquired the rights to Strawberry Shortcake from American Greetings for $105 million.[19][20]
Licenses[edit]
(Note: not all licenses are original creations by American Greetings. Some were licensed from third parties, where indicated)

Betsy's Kindergarten Adventures
Care Bears
The Electric Company (2009 TV series)
The Get Along Gang
Herself the Elf
Holly Hobbie (original)
Holly Hobbie & Friends
Kelly Clarkson[21]
Lady Lovely Locks
Madballs
Maryoku Yummy
My Pet Monster
Packages from Planet X
Paintbox Studios
Peppermint Rose
Popples
Pretty Freekin Scary
Ring Raiders
Strawberry Shortcake
Sushi Pack (created by Studio Espinosa and Cloudco[22])
TinPo (created by UNKL[23])
Topsy and Tim
Twisted Whiskers

Cartoonists[edit]

R. Crumb
Peter Guren (Ask Shagg)

See also[edit]

Cardmaking
Carlton Cards - American Greetings' Canadian branch.
Carlton Cards Retail - American Greetings' store management.
John Sands (company), Australian subsidiary
British subsidiary UK Greetings[24]
Clintons, formerly ‘Clinton Cards’ - UK card retailer acquired by American Greetings in 2012

Sponsorships[edit]

Sesame Street

References[edit]



^ a b "American Greetings, Form 10-K, Annual Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. April 30, 2012. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings to buy rival". Reading Eagle. Associated Press. November 4, 1999. Retrieved June 18, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report". Securities and Exchange Commission. December 20, 2007. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "CPSC, American Greetings Corp. Announce Recall of Sesame Street Sunglasses" (Press release). U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission. September 1, 2005. Retrieved December 8, 2014. 
^ Cho, Janet (January 7, 2010). "American Greetings may pull its world headquarters out of Brooklyn, Ohio". The Plain Dealer. Cleveland. Retrieved January 7, 2010. BROOKLYN, Ohio -- American Greetings Corp., the nation's largest publicly held greeting card manufacturer, is exploring moving its global headquarters from Brooklyn to another community - maybe even out of state - with lower taxes. 
^ "US company American Greetings acquires Clinton Cards". The Guardian. June 7, 2012. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ Cho, Janet H. (April 1, 2013). "American Greetings' Weiss Family Aims to Take the Company Private Again, Via an $878 Million Offer for Outstanding Shares". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved April 4, 2013. 
^ McFee, Michelle Jarboe (1 July 2014). "American Greetings sells Brooklyn headquarters; Lichter, Semarjian plan 150-acre industrial park". Cleveland.com. Retrieved 9 May 2015. 
^ "American Greetings opens new Westlake headquarters". Crain's Cleveland Business. 2016-09-28. Retrieved 2016-11-05. 
^ a b "Company Overview of American Greetings Corp.". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. 2014. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ McKee, Tyler (March 30, 2011). "Higher Prices Still In The Cards For American Greetings". Forbes. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ "Company Overview of AG Interactive, Inc.". Bloomberg BusinessWeek. 2014. Archived from the original on October 6, 2014. 
^ Grant, Allison (November 26, 2012). "American Greetings wins case against MoonScoop over Strawberry Shortcake and Care Bears". The Plain Dealer. Retrieved 2014-12-08. 
^ a b "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report". Securities and Exchange Commission. March 30, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 8-K, Current Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. May 12, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "Brooklyn-based American Greetings accuses Cookie Jar Entertainment of bad faith in Strawberry Shortcake, Care Bears deal". The Plain Dealer. May 12, 2009. Retrieved May 12, 2009. 
^ "American Greetings, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report" (PDF). Securities and Exchange Commission. October 7, 2009. Retrieved January 6, 2013. 
^ "MoonScoop sues American Greetings over Care Bears and Strawberry Shortcake". The Plain Dealer. August 13, 2009. Retrieved August 16, 2009. 
^ Atkinson, Claire (3 February 2015). "Strawberry Shortcake is new ‘it’ girl for Iconix". New York Post. Retrieved 7 February 2015. 
^ Associated Press (3 February 2015). "Snoopy Owner Iconix to Buy Strawberry Shortcake for $105M". ABC News. Retrieved 7 February 2015. 
^ Philpot, Robert (April 7, 2015). "Kelly Clarkson launches greeting-card line". star-telegram.com. Star-Telegram. Retrieved April 8, 2015. 
^ "Studio Espinosa Illustration". studioespinosa.com. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 
^ "UNKL » TEES, TEES & MORE TEES". unklbrand.com. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 
^ "UK Greetings Greeting Card Gift Wrap Social Expression Publisher". ukgreetings.co.uk. Archived from the original on 9 May 2015. Retrieved 29 June 2015. 



External links[edit]

American Greetings
American Greetings Properties
American Greetings SEC Filings





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=American_Greetings&oldid=790314641"					
Categories: American GreetingsCompanies formerly listed on the New York Stock ExchangeCompanies established in 1906Companies based in ClevelandGreeting cards1906 establishments in OhioHidden categories: Articles needing additional references from April 2009All articles needing additional referencesPages using deprecated image syntaxAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from July 2007 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Deutsch 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 12 July 2017, at 23:00.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
