


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Factor Outstanding Invoices -

























 





















Accounts Receivable Factoring That's Fast. Get control of your cash flow in as little as 24 hours. Factor up to $2,500,000 of oustanding receivables and grow your business. 





Desired Credit Line






Desired Financing Type



















Get started











How it works
Pricing






Trustpilot




















Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software












How Invoice Factoring Works with BlueVine






























 















Toggle navigation






Apply NowSign In(888) 216-9619
Line of Credit
Invoice Factoring
Why BlueVine
About Us

Overview
Team
In The News


(888) 216-9619Sign In







			How It Works		






see how blueVine works
Click to watch our short video tour



Fast Funding. Hassle Free.

Open a free account in under two minutes
Applying is free, and takes minutes. The application is completely
online and paperless. There are no long-term contracts or termination fees.
Fund one or more invoices with a click of a button
You decide which invoices from what customers to submit, and only pay for what you use,
so you have complete control over your funding needs.
Get a response within 24 hours for your first advance
Once approved your credit line will be set, and you can use it as needed.
Subsequent funding requests can be approved in as fast as an hour.
Update your customer with your BlueVine Account
You are assigned a PO Box, where you can accept checks, and a bank account where
you can accept electronic payments, both in your business name.
Receive the funds directly to your bank account
Choose ACH as your payment option for 1-2 day delivery or choose wire for same
day availability. Use the funds to run, manage & grow your business!
 



Free Up Your Cash Today
Apply Now


BlueVine works with the most  popular accounting software






Don’t use accounting software, yet? Not a problem! Questions? Call us at (888) 216-9619 or view our FAQ



 













Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software












BlueVine FlexCredit - Business Line of Credit






























 















Toggle navigation






Apply NowSign In(888) 216-9619
Line of Credit
Invoice Factoring
Why BlueVine
About Us

Overview
Team
In The News


(888) 216-9619Sign In







			Line of Credit
					







A fast and flexible business line of credit

Get the security of a true revolving line of credit.  Draw whenever you want, pay only for what you use.


Sign up for free 







Already have an account? Login







Fast cash, always there for you.

Get approved in 24 hours


Draw funds whenever you need


Available credit replenishes as you repay








Draw funds with a click of a button

Access your online dashboard from any computer or mobile device. Draw funds anytime in minutes. Repay in fixed weekly installments over 6 months. 









Our clients give us 5 stars
 Trustpilot 







Transparent fees. Interest as low as 6.9%
Transparent fees.Interest as low as 6.9%
No maintenance fees
No unused credit fees
No prepayment penalties


Sample pricing for $10,000 draw repaid after...




4 weeks
6 months



Total repayment
$10,227
$10,830








Draw from your credit line today


Sign up for free 

Want to speak with a financing advisor?




 













Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software












Clear, Transparent, Pricing.




























 















Toggle navigation






Apply NowSign In(888) 216-9619
Line of Credit
Invoice Factoring
Why BlueVine
About Us

Overview
Team
In The News


(888) 216-9619Sign In







			Pricing		




Full Flexibility. No Strings.
 No origination fees No termination fees No monthly minimums No long-term contracts No daily/weekly payments No pre-payment penalties




Simple and Transparent Pricing
We give you 85% of the invoice amount upfront and the rest, minus our fees, when your client pays. Our standard rate is 1% per week with a minimum of 3 weeks.  There are no hidden fees, no surprises and absolutely no nickel and diming.  









							Invoice Amount						

$3000





							Invoice Due Within						

3 Weeks 










$2550

								Advance Payment? 


$360

								+ Rebate? 


$2910

								Total Payment							

$90
								Fees
							









Reduced Rates
You may qualify for a 20-30% discount on the standard rate as you build history with us. 
Invoicing over $30,000 per month? Contact us and get a customized quote immediately.
Apply Now




 














Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software












Contact Us




























 















Toggle navigation






Apply NowSign In(888) 216-9619
Line of Credit
Invoice Factoring
Why BlueVine
About Us

Overview
Team
In The News


(888) 216-9619Sign In






			Contact Us		







 

Call us
(888) 216-9619
Office Hours
Monday through Friday
7am to 4:30pm Pacific Time
 




 














Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software







Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














	EDGAR Online Pro 































                                     
                                




Welcome


                                                |
                                            

Help


                                                |
                                            

About EDGAR Online
                                                   


                                                |
                                            

 Login 















Dashboard 

Today 
Company

Industry

Search
Screener

Analytics
















































Enter your Email to Learn More:  
                                 












Form






                         (Filer)
                    

                         Received

                        (
                        Period
                        
                        ) 
                    


8-K

AMERICAN EXPRESS RECEIVABLES FINANCING CORP VIII LLC
 07/18/17 (07/14/17) 


10-D

AMERICAN EXPRESS RECEIVABLES FINANCING CORP VIII LLC
 07/17/17 (06/30/17) 


10-D

AMERICAN EXPRESS RECEIVABLES FINANCING CORP VIII LLC
 06/15/17 (05/31/17) 


8-K

AMERICAN EXPRESS RECEIVABLES FINANCING CORP VIII LLC
 05/31/17 (05/31/17) 


10-D

AMERICAN EXPRESS RECEIVABLES FINANCING CORP VIII LLC
 05/15/17 (04/30/17) 


10-D

AMERICAN EXPRESS RECEIVABLES FINANCING CORP VIII LLC
 04/17/17 (03/31/17) 


CT ORDER

AMERICAN EXPRESS RECEIVABLES FINANCING CORP VIII LLC
 03/28/17 


10-K

AMERICAN EXPRESS RECEIVABLES FINANCING CORP VIII LLC
 03/27/17 (12/31/16) 


10-D

AMERICAN EXPRESS RECEIVABLES FINANCING CORP VIII LLC
 03/15/17 (02/28/17) 


8-K

AMERICAN EXPRESS RECEIVABLES FINANCING CORP VIII LLC
 02/28/17 (02/23/17) 


10-D

AMERICAN EXPRESS RECEIVABLES FINANCING CORP VIII LLC
 02/15/17 (01/31/17) 


8-K

AMERICAN EXPRESS RECEIVABLES FINANCING CORP VIII LLC
 02/03/17 (01/30/17) 


10-D

AMERICAN EXPRESS RECEIVABLES FINANCING CORP VIII LLC
 01/17/17 (12/31/16) 


10-D

AMERICAN EXPRESS RECEIVABLES FINANCING CORP VIII LLC
 12/15/16 (11/30/16) 


CT ORDER

AMERICAN EXPRESS RECEIVABLES FINANCING CORP VIII LLC
 12/06/16 


8-K

AMERICAN EXPRESS RECEIVABLES FINANCING CORP VIII LLC
 12/02/16 (12/01/16) 


10-D

AMERICAN EXPRESS RECEIVABLES FINANCING CORP VIII LLC
 11/15/16 (10/31/16) 


8-K

AMERICAN EXPRESS RECEIVABLES FINANCING CORP VIII LLC
 11/04/16 (11/04/16) 


8-K

AMERICAN EXPRESS RECEIVABLES FINANCING CORP VIII LLC
 11/01/16 (10/30/16) 


10-D

AMERICAN EXPRESS RECEIVABLES FINANCING CORP VIII LLC
 10/17/16 (09/30/16) 




                             
                        












             Results 1 - 20 of 104




 


  
            
                    [1]
2
3
4
5
6
                
             
             


[ Show Next 20 Results ] 





























                 
            











            © 1995-2017

EDGAR® Online, a division of Donnelley Financial Solutions
            All rights reserved  Solutions
                for Corporations 
            Terms of Use
             
                Privacy Statement












American Express Receivables Financing Corp VIII LLC (1562918) 10-K and 10-Q SEC Filings :: Last10K.com






















		 
	




American Express Receivables Financing Corp VIII LLC (1562918) SEC Filing 10-K Annual report for the fiscal year ending Saturday, December 31, 2016














last10k.com/sec-filings/1562918/0001193125-17-097499.htm



10-K Annual Report
10-K Exhibits
10-K Statistics





 Please wait while we load the requested 10-K Annual report. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                         https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1562918/000119312517097499/d324441d10k.htm




Companies may provide additional information to their SEC Filings as exhibits. Click a link below to view an exhibit that was filed with this report:


                    Exhibit 31.1 - RULE 13A-14A/15D-14A CERTIFICATION
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1562918/000119312517097499/d324441dex311.htm



                    Exhibit 33.1 - REPORT OF COMPLIANCE WITH SERVICING CRITERIA FOR ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1562918/000119312517097499/d324441dex331.htm



                    Exhibit 33.2 - REPORT OF COMPLIANCE WITH SERVICING CRITERIA FOR ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1562918/000119312517097499/d324441dex332.htm



                    Exhibit 33.3 - REPORT OF COMPLIANCE WITH SERVICING CRITERIA FOR ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1562918/000119312517097499/d324441dex333.htm



                    Exhibit 34.1 - ATTESTATION REPORT ON ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE WITH SERVICING CRITERIA FOR ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1562918/000119312517097499/d324441dex341.htm



                    Exhibit 34.2 - EX34.2
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1562918/000119312517097499/d324441dex342.htm



                    Exhibit 34.3 - ATTESTATION REPORT ON ASSESSMENT OF COMPLIANCE WITH SERVICING CRITERIA FOR ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1562918/000119312517097499/d324441dex343.htm



                    Exhibit 35.1 - SERVICER COMPLIANCE STATEMENT
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1562918/000119312517097499/d324441dex351.htm



                    Exhibit 35.2 - SERVICER COMPLIANCE STATEMENT
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1562918/000119312517097499/d324441dex352.htm



                    Exhibit 35.3 - SERVICER COMPLIANCE STATEMENT
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1562918/000119312517097499/d324441dex353.htm



                    Exhibit 35.4 - SERVICER COMPLIANCE STATEMENT
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1562918/000119312517097499/d324441dex354.htm






Form Type: Annual
Number of times amended: 0
Accession Number: 0001193125-17-097499
Submitted to the SEC: Monday, March 27, 2017
Accepted by the SEC: Monday, March 27, 2017
Period Ending: December 2016












Financial Ratios
Intrinsic Value
Financial Stability

















Companies

 Add



1562918





10-K
10-Q




10-K Annual ReportMarch 2017






10-K Annual ReportMarch 2016

10-K Annual ReportMarch 2015

10-K Annual ReportMarch 2014
 


No filings reported


American Express Receivables Financing Corp VIII LLC
































American Express Receivables Financing Corp VIII LLC, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






American Express Receivables Financing Corp VIII LLC


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in American Express Receivables Financing Corp VIII LLC.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | Filings (106)
Industry: ASSET-BACKED SECURITIES [6189]CIK Number: 0001562918IRS Number: 460795019

American Express Receivables Financing Corp VIII LLC address3 WORLD FINANCIAL CENTER200 VESEY STREETNEW YORK 10285
Earliest known filing
December 2012
Latest known filing
July 2017




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
American Express Receivables Financing Corp VIII LLC has 106 filings. View American Express Receivables Financing Corp VIII LLC filings.
Annual Reports2017-03-27 - Annual report 1/20172016-03-28 - Annual report 1/20162015-03-27 - Annual report 1/20152014-03-20 - Annual report 1/2014
Latest company events2017-07-18 - Current report 2017-05-31 - Current report 2016-12-02 - Current report 2016-11-04 - Current report 2016-11-01 - Current report 
Similar companiesAMERICAN AADVANTAGE MILEAGE FUNDS, American Academy Inc, AMERICAN ACCESS CARE HOLDINGS LLC, AMERICAN ACCESS CARE INVESTMENT HOLDINGS LLC, American Access Care of Jacksonville, LLC, AMERICAN ACHIEVEMENT CORP, American Achievement Group Holding Corp., American Advisors Group, American Aerogel Corp, American Aerospace Technologies, Inc., AMERICAN AFFORDABLE HOUSING II LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, American African Finance International of America Corp, AMERICAN AIR CO INC, AMERICAN AIRCARRIERS SUPPORT INC, AMERICAN AIRCRAFT CORP/OR/, American Airlines Group Inc., AMERICAN AIRLINES INC, American Alligator Acquisition Corp, AMERICAN ALLOY CORP, American Alpha Growth, LP, American Alpha Income, LP, American Alternative Energy L L C, American Alternative Investments, LLC, AMERICAN AMMUNITION INC/FL, AMERICAN ANNUITY GROUP CAPITAL TRUST I, AMERICAN ANNUITY GROUP CAPITAL TRUST II, AMERICAN APPAREL (USA), LLC, AMERICAN APPAREL DYEING & FINISHING, INC., AMERICAN APPAREL RETAIL, INC., AMERICAN APPAREL, INC, AMERICAN ARCHITECTURAL PRODUCTS CORP, AMERICAN ARTISTS ENTERTAINMENT CORP, AMERICAN ARTISTS INC, AMERICAN ARTISTS LTD INC, American Asia Capital Group, AMERICAN ASPHALT HOLDINGS CORP, American Asset Corp Capital Fund I, LLC, AMERICAN ASSET DEVELOPMENT, INC., American Asset Income Fund LLC, AMERICAN ASSET MANAGEMENT CORP, AMERICAN ASSET MANAGEMENT INC., American Assets Capital Advisers, AMERICAN ASSETS INC, AMERICAN ASSETS INVESTMENT FUND LP, American Assets Investment Management, LLC, American Assets Real Estate Securities Fund, L.P., American Assets Trust, Inc., American Assets Trust, L.P., AMERICAN ASSO OF HOMES FOR THE AGING TAX FREE TR HIGH IN SE1, AMERICAN ATLAS RESOURCE CORP














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about American Express Receivables Financing Corp VIII LLC. 











American Express Issuance Trust Ii Amended And Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement Between American Express Bank, Fsb And American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. Dated As Of July 29, 2016 - Receivables Purchase Transfer Agreement - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Receivables Purchase Transfer Agreement     > AMERICAN EXPRESS ISSUANCE TRUST II AMENDED AND RESTATED RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT between AMERICAN EXPRESS BANK, FSB and AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL RELATED SERVICES COMPANY, INC. Dated as of July 29, 2016

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















American Express Issuance Trust Ii Amended And Restated Receivables Purchase Agreement Between American Express Bank, Fsb And American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. Dated As Of July 29, 2016
Receivables Purchase Transfer Agreement



You are currently viewing:
 This Receivables Purchase Transfer Agreement involves AMERICAN EXPRESS ISSUANCE TRUST II | Bank of New York Mellon, 101 Barclay Street, Floor 7 West, New York, New York 10286, Attention | FSB, American Express Bank | RFC VIII, American Express Receivables Financing Corporation VIII LLC | TRS, American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc | Wilmington Trust Company. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: AMERICAN EXPRESS ISSUANCE TRUST II AMENDED AND RESTATED RECEIVABLES PURCHASE AGREEMENT between AMERICAN EXPRESS BANK, FSB and AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL RELATED SERVICES COMPANY, INC. Dated as of July 29, 2016 Governing Law: New York      Date: 8/1/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day









Exhibit 4.2

Execution Copy
 


 


AMERICAN EXPRESS ISSUANCE TRUST
II

AMENDED AND
RESTATED

RECEIVABLES PURCHASE
AGREEMENT

between

AMERICAN EXPRESS BANK,
FSB

and

AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL RELATED
SERVICES COMPANY, INC.

Dated as of July 29,
2016
 


 




TABLE OF CONTENTS
 













 


 


 


  



Page


 





ARTICLE I


 


DEFINITIONS


  


 



1


  










Section 1.01.


 


Definitions


  


 



1


  





Section 1.02.


 


Other
Definitional Provisions


  


 



10


  










ARTICLE II


 


PURCHASE AND
CONVEYANCE OF RECEIVABLES


  


 



11


  










Section 2.01.


 


Purchase


  


 



11


  





Section 2.02.


 


Addition of
Aggregate Addition Accounts


  


 



13


  





Section 2.03.


 


Addition of New
Accounts


  


 



14


  





Section 2.04.


 


Removal and
Deletion of Accounts


  


 



15


  










ARTICLE III


 


CONSIDERATION
AND PAYMENT


  


 



16


  










Section 3.01.


 


Purchase
Price


  


 



16


  





Section 3.02.


 


Adjustments to
Purchase Price


  


 



16


  





Section 3.03.


 


Use of Name,
Logo and Marks


  


 



17


  





Section 3.04.


 


Servicing of
Receivables


  


 



17


  










ARTICLE IV


 


REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES


  


 



18


  










Section 4.01.


 


Representations
and Warranties of FSB Relating to FSB


  


 



18


  





Section 4.02.


 


Representations
and Warranties of FSB Relating to the Agreement and the
Receivables


  


 



19


  





Section 4.03.


 


Representations
and Warranties of TRS


  


 



21


  










ARTICLE V


 


COVENANTS


  


 



23


  










Section 5.01.


 


Covenants of
FSB


  


 



23


  





Section 5.02.


 


Records


  


 



25


  










ARTICLE VI


 


REPURCHASE
OBLIGATION


  


 



26


  










Section 6.01.


 


Reassignment of
Ineligible Receivables


  


 



26


  





Section 6.02.


 


Reassignment of
Other Receivables


  


 



26


  










ARTICLE VII


 


CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT


  


 



28


  










Section 7.01.


 


Conditions to
TRS’s Obligations Regarding Initial Receivables


  


 



28


  





Section 7.02.


 


Conditions
Precedent to FSB’s Obligations


  


 



28


  










ARTICLE VIII


 


TERM AND
PURCHASE TERMINATION


  


 



30


  










Section 8.01.


 


Term


  


 



30


  





Section 8.02.


 


Purchase
Termination


  


 



30


  










ARTICLE IX


 


MISCELLANEOUS
PROVISIONS


  


 



31


  










Section 9.01.


 


Amendment


  


 



31


  




 
-i-



TABLE OF CONTENTS
(continued)
 













 


 


 


  



Page


 





Section 9.02.


 


Governing
Law


  


 



31


  





Section 9.03.


 


Notices


  


 



31


  





Section 9.04.


 


Severability of
Provisions


  


 



32


  





Section 9.05.


 


Assignment


  


 



32


  





Section 9.06.


 


Acknowledgement
and Agreement of FSB


  


 



32


  





Section 9.07.


 


Further
Assurances


  


 



32


  





Section 9.08.


 


No Waiver;
Cumulative Remedies


  


 



33


  





Section 9.09.


 


Counterparts


  


 



33


  





Section 9.10.


 


Binding;
Third-Party Beneficiaries


  


 



33


  





Section 9.11.


 


Merger and
Integration


  


 



33


  





Section 9.12.


 


Headings


  


 



33


  





Section 9.13.


 


Schedules and
Exhibits


  


 



33


  





Section 9.14.


 


Survival of
Representations and Warranties


  


 



33


  





Section 9.15.


 


Nonpetition
Covenant


  


 



33


  










EXHIBIT A


 


FORM OF
AGGREGATE ADDITION ACCOUNT SUPPLEMENTAL CONVEYANCE


  


 



A-1


  










EXHIBIT B


 


FORM OF
SUPPLEMENTAL CONVEYANCE FOR NEW ACCOUNTS


  


 



B-1


  










SCHEDULE 1


 


LIST OF
ACCOUNTS


  


 



S-1


  




 
-ii-



AMENDED AND RESTATED RECEIVABLES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT, dated as of July 29, 2016, by and between
AMERICAN EXPRESS BANK, FSB, a federal savings bank (together with
its successors and assigns, “ FSB ”) and
AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVEL RELATED SERVICES COMPANY, INC., a New York
corporation (together with its successors and assigns, “
TRS ”).

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, TRS desires to purchase,
from time to time, certain Receivables (hereinafter defined)
existing or arising in designated charge accounts of
FSB;

WHEREAS, FSB desires to sell and
assign, from time to time, certain Receivables to TRS upon the
terms and conditions hereinafter set forth;

WHEREAS, it is contemplated that the
Receivables purchased hereunder will be transferred by TRS to
American Express Receivables Financing Corporation VIII LLC
(“ RFC VIII ”) and by RFC VIII to the
Trust under the terms of the Transfer Agreement in connection with
the issuance of notes secured by the Receivables (each capitalized
term as hereinafter defined);

WHEREAS, FSB agrees that all
representations, warranties, covenants and agreements made by FSB
herein with respect to the Accounts and the Receivables shall also
be for the benefit of RFC VIII, the Trust, the Owner Trustee, the
Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders (each capitalized term as
hereinafter defined);

WHEREAS, it is contemplated that
this Agreement will define the contractual rights and
responsibilities of FSB and TRS, including, but not limited to,
representations and warranties, ongoing disclosure requirements and
measures to avoid conflicts of interest;

WHEREAS, it is contemplated that
this Agreement will provide authority for FSB to fulfill its duties
and exercise its rights as the seller under this Agreement separate
and apart from its duties and rights as servicer, administrator or
any other role or capacity which it shall assume in connection with
the issuance of notes secured by the Receivables;

WHEREAS, FSB and TRS previously
entered into the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of
October 24, 2012 (the “ Original Agreement
”); and

WHEREAS, FSB and TRS desire to amend
and restate the Original Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, it is hereby agreed
by and between FSB and TRS as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01. Definitions .
All capitalized terms used herein or in any certificate, or
document made or delivered pursuant hereto, and not defined herein
or therein, shall have the following meanings:



“ Account ” shall
mean each (a) Initial Account, (b) each Additional Account (but
only from and after the Addition Date with respect thereto) and (c)
each Related Account. The term “Account” shall
include any account replacing an Account (as defined in the TRS-RFC
VIII Receivables Purchase Agreement) in connection with the
transfer of ownership of such Account (as defined in the TRS-RFC
VIII Receivables Purchase Agreement) from an Account Owner to FSB
(provided that such replacement account can be traced or identified
by reference to, or by way of, the code designation in the
securitization field of such replacement account, which code
designation is contained in the computer or other records of FSB or
the Servicer used to generate the Account Schedule). The term
“Account” shall exclude (i) any Deleted Account and
(ii) any Account, all the Receivables of which are reassigned to
TRS pursuant to Section 6.01 or Section 6.02. The term
“Account” shall include any Removed Account only prior
to the Removal Date with respect thereto.

“ Account Agreement
” shall mean, with respect to an Account, the agreements
between FSB and an Obligor governing the terms and conditions of
such Account, as such agreements may be amended, modified or
otherwise changed from time to time.

“ Account Guidelines
” shall mean the established policies and procedures of FSB,
(a) relating to the operation of its charge business which
generally are applicable to its portfolio of similar accounts,
including the policies and procedures for determining the
creditworthiness of customers and the extension of charge
privileges to customers, and (b) relating to the maintenance of
accounts and collection of receivables, in each case as such
policies and procedures may be amended, modified or otherwise
changed from time to time.

“ Account Owner ”
shall have the meaning specified in the TRS-RFC VIII Receivables
Purchase Agreement.

“ Account Schedule
” shall mean a computer file or microfiche list containing a
true and complete list of Accounts, identified by account number,
and setting forth, with respect to each Account, the aggregate
amount outstanding in such Account (a) on the Initial Cut-Off Date
(for the Account Schedule delivered on the Closing Date) and (b) on
the applicable Addition Cut-Off Date (for any Account Schedule
relating to Additional Accounts).

“ Addition Cut-Off Date
” shall mean (a) with respect to each New Account, the date
on which such New Account is originated, and (b) with respect to
Aggregate Addition Accounts, the date specified as such in the
related Aggregate Addition Account Supplemental
Conveyance.

“ Addition Date ”
shall mean (a) with respect to New Accounts, the date from and
after which such New Accounts are to be included as Accounts
pursuant to Section 2.03(a) and the related New Account
Supplemental Conveyance, and (b) with respect to Aggregate Addition
Accounts, the date from and after which such Aggregate Addition
Accounts are included as Accounts pursuant to Subsection 2.02(a)
and the related Aggregate Addition Account Supplemental
Conveyance.

“ Additional Account
” shall mean each New Account and each Aggregate Addition
Account.
 
2



“ Affiliate ”
shall mean, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person
controlling or controlled by or under common control with such
specified Person. For the purposes of this definition,
“control” shall mean the power to direct the management
and policies of a Person, directly or indirectly, whether through
the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and
the terms “controlling” and “controlled”
shall have meanings correlative to the foregoing.

“ Aggregate Addition
Account ” shall mean each charge account established
pursuant to an Account Agreement between FSB and any Person, which
account is designated pursuant to Section 2.02 to be included as an
Account and identified on an Account Schedule delivered pursuant to
Sections 2.01 and 2.02.

“ Aggregate Addition
Account Supplemental Conveyance ” shall have the meaning
specified in Subsection 2.02(b).

“ Agreement ”
shall mean this Amended and Restated Receivables Purchase
Agreement, as the same may be amended and supplemented from time to
time.

“ ARR Representations and
Warranties ” shall have the meaning specified in the
Transfer Agreement.

“ Asset Representations
Review ” shall have the meaning specified in the Transfer
Agreement.

“ Asset Representations
Review Agreement ” shall have the meaning specified in
the Transfer Agreement.

“ Asset Representations
Reviewer ” shall have the meaning specified in the
Transfer Agreement.

“ Business Day ”
shall mean any day other than (a) a Saturday or Sunday or (b) any
other day on which national banking associations, federal savings
banks or state banking institutions in New York, New York, or any
other State in which the principal executive offices of FSB are
located, are authorized or obligated by law, executive order or
governmental decree to be closed.

“ Closing Date ”
shall mean October 24, 2012.

“ Collection Account
” shall have the meaning specified in the
Indenture.

“ Collections ”
shall mean all payments (excluding Recoveries) received in respect
of the Receivables, in the form of cash, checks, wire transfers,
electronic transfers, ATM transfers or any other form of
payment.

“ Conveyance ”
shall have the meaning specified in Subsection 2.01(a).

“ Covered
Representations ” shall have the meaning specified in the
Asset Representations Review Agreement.
 
3



“ Credco ” shall
mean American Express Credit Corporation, a Delaware corporation,
including any subsidiary thereof, and its successors and
assigns.

“ Date of Processing
” shall mean, with respect to any transaction or receipt of
Collections, the Business Day after such transaction or receipt is
first output, in written form under the Servicer’s customary
and usual practices, from the Servicer’s computer file of
Accounts and accounts comparable to the Accounts (without
regard to the effective date of recordation).

“ Debtor Relief Laws
” shall mean (a) the United States Bankruptcy Code and (b)
all other applicable liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy,
moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency,
reorganization, suspension of payments, readjustment of debt,
marshalling of assets, assignment for the benefit of creditors and
similar debtor relief laws from time to time in effect in any
jurisdiction affecting the rights of creditors generally or the
rights of creditors of banks.

“ Defaulted Receivable
” shall mean a Principal Receivable which is charged off as
uncollectible in accordance with the Account Guidelines and the
Servicer’s customary and usual servicing procedures for
servicing receivables comparable to the Receivables. A
Principal Receivable shall become a Defaulted Receivable on the
Date of Processing on which such Principal Receivable is recorded
as charged-off on the Servicer’s computer file of
Accounts.

“ Deleted Account
” shall mean any Removed Account as to which there are no
Receivables arising therein (including Receivables that, though
charged off as uncollectible, may generate Recoveries) owned by
TRS.

“ Discount Option
Receivables ” shall have the meaning specified in the
Transfer Agreement.

“ Early Amortization
Event ” shall have the meaning specified in the
Indenture.

“ Eligible Account
” shall mean each charge account established pursuant to an
Account Agreement between FSB and any Person, which meets the
following requirements as of the applicable Selection
Date:

(a) is a charge account in existence
and maintained with FSB;

(b) is payable in United States
dollars;

(c) has not been identified by FSB
or the Servicer in its computer files as canceled due to a related
Obligor’s bankruptcy or insolvency;

(d) has an Obligor who has provided,
as his or her most recent billing address, an address located in
the United States or its territories or possessions or a United
States military address; provided , however , that,
with the consent of TRS, as of such Selection Date, up to 3% of the
aggregate amount of Receivables may have related Obligors who have
provided, as their billing addresses, addresses located outside of
such jurisdictions;

(e) if such account is a charge card
account, has not been identified as an account with respect to
which a related card has been lost or stolen;
 
4



(f) has not been sold or pledged by
FSB to any other party;

(g) does not have any receivables
that have been sold or pledged by FSB to any other Person other
than Credco, TRS or any Transferor; and

(h) does not have any receivables
that have been written off or that have been identified by FSB as
having been incurred as a result of the fraudulent use of a related
charge product.

Notwithstanding the above
requirements, Eligible Accounts may include accounts, the
receivables of which have been written off, or which have been
identified by FSB or the Servicer in its computer files as canceled
due to a related Obligor’s bankruptcy or insolvency, in each
case as of the related Selection Date; provided ,
however , that (1) the balance of all receivables included
in such accounts is reflected on the books and records of FSB (and
is treated for purposes of this Agreement) as “zero”
and (2) borrowing and charging privileges with respect to all such
accounts have been canceled in accordance with the Account
Guidelines applicable thereto.

“ Eligible Receivable
” shall mean each Receivable:

(a) which has arisen in an Eligible
Account;

(b) which was created in compliance
in all material respects with all Requirements of Law applicable to
FSB and pursuant to an Account Agreement that complies in all
material respects with all Requirements of Law applicable to FSB,
in either case, the failure to comply with which would have a
material adverse effect on TRS;

(c) with respect to which all
material consents, licenses, approvals or authorizations of, or
registrations or declarations with, any Governmental Authority
required to be obtained, effected or given in connection with the
creation of such Receivable or the execution, delivery and
performance by FSB of the Account Agreement pursuant to which such
Receivable was created, have been duly obtained, effected or given
and are in full force and effect;

(d) as to which, immediately prior
to the sale of such Receivable to TRS, FSB has good and marketable
title thereto, free and clear of all Liens (other than any Lien for
municipal or other local taxes of FSB if such taxes are not then
due and payable or if FSB is then contesting the validity thereof
in good faith by appropriate proceedings and has set aside on its
books and records adequate reserves with respect
thereto);

(e) which has been the subject of a
valid sale and assignment from FSB to TRS of all FSB’s right,
title and interest therein (including any proceeds
thereof);

(f) which is the legal, valid and
binding payment obligation of an Obligor thereon, enforceable
against such Obligor in accordance with its terms, except as such
enforceability may be limited by applicable Debtor Relief Laws and
except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles
of equity (whether considered in a suit at law or in
equity);

(g) which, at the time of the sale
of such Receivable to TRS, has not been waived or modified except
as permitted in accordance with the Account Guidelines and which
waiver or modification is reflected in FSB’s or the
Servicer’s computer file of Accounts;
 
5



(h) which, at the time of the sale
of such Receivable to TRS, is not subject to any right of
rescission, setoff, counterclaim or any other defense (including
defenses arising out of violations of usury laws) of an Obligor,
other than defenses arising out of applicable Debtor Relief
Laws;

(i) as to which, at the time of the
sale of such Receivable to TRS, FSB has satisfied all its
obligations required to be satisfied by such time;

(j) as to which, at the time of the
sale of such Receivable to TRS, FSB has not taken any action which
would impair, or omitted to take any action the omission of which
would impair, the rights of TRS therein; and

(k) which constitutes either an
“account” or a “general intangible” under
and as defined in Article 9 of the UCC as then in effect in any
jurisdiction where the filing of a financing statement is then
required to perfect TRS’s interest in such Receivable and the
proceeds thereof.

“ Event of Default
” shall have the meaning specified in the
Indenture.

“ Excess Funding
Account ” shall have the meaning specified in the
Indenture.

“ FDIC Rule ”
shall have the meaning specified in the Indenture.

“ Finance Charge
Receivables ” shall mean the aggregate amount of Discount
Option Receivables.

“ First Note Transfer
Date ” shall have the meaning specified in the Servicing
Agreement.

“ FSB ” shall
have the meaning specified in the initial paragraph of this
Agreement.

“ Governmental
Authority ” shall mean the United States of America, any
state or other political subdivision thereof and any entity
exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or
administrative functions of or pertaining to government.

“ Indenture ”
shall mean the Second Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of
July 29, 2016, between the Trust, as issuer, and the Indenture
Trustee, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time.

“ Indenture Trustee
” shall mean The Bank of New York Mellon, in its capacity as
indenture trustee under the Indenture, its successors in interest
and any successor indenture trustee under the Indenture.

“ Initial Account
” shall mean each charge account established pursuant to an
Account Agreement between FSB and any Person, which account is
identified in the Account Schedule delivered or caused to be
delivered by FSB to TRS on the Closing Date.

“ Initial Cut-Off Date
” shall mean the opening of business on October 24,
2012.
 
6



“ Insolvency Event
” shall have the meaning specified in Section
8.02.

“ Issuer Rate Fees
” shall mean all issuer rate fees payable to FSB in
connection with cardholder charges for goods or services with
respect to the Receivables.

“ Lien ” shall
mean any security interest, mortgage, deed of trust, pledge,
hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, equity interest,
encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), preference, participation
interest, priority or other security agreement or preferential
arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever, including any
conditional sale or other title retention agreement, or any
financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as
any of the foregoing; provided , however , that the
security interest created in favor of the Indenture Trustee shall
not be deemed to constitute a Lien.

“ Monthly Period
” shall mean, with respect to each Payment Date, the calendar
month immediately preceding such Payment Date.

“ New Account ”
shall mean each charge account established pursuant to an Account
Agreement between FSB and any Person, which account is designated
pursuant to Subsection 2.03(a) to be included as an Account and
identified on an Account Schedule delivered pursuant to Sections
2.01 and 2.03.

“ New Account Delivery
Date ” shall mean, with respect to any New Account, the
fifteenth calendar day of the month (or, if such 15th calendar day
is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day) following
the Monthly Period in which the Addition Date for such New Account
occurs.

“ New Account Supplemental
Conveyance ” shall have the meaning specified in
Subsection 2.03(b).

“ Note Rating Agency
” shall mean the nationally recognized statistical rating
organization or organizations, if any, selected by RFC VIII and any
other Transferor to rate any securities issued by the
Trust.

“ Note Rating Agency
Condition ” means, with respect to any action subject to
such condition, (i) that each Note Rating Agency shall have
notified FSB and TRS in writing that the proposed action will not
result in a reduction or withdrawal of its ratings on any
outstanding Notes of any Series, Class or Tranche or (ii) if at
such time the Note Rating Agency has informed FSB or TRS that such
Note Rating Agency does not provide such written notifications for
transactions of this type, then as to such Note Rating Agency, FSB
or TRS shall deliver written notice of the proposed action to such
Note Rating Agency or Note Rating Agencies at least 10 Business
Days prior to the effective date of such action (or if 10 Business
Days prior notice is impractical, such advance notice as is
practicable).

“ Noteholder ”
shall have the meaning specified in the Indenture.

“ Obligor ” shall
mean, with respect to any Account, the Person or Persons obligated
to make payments with respect to such Account, including any
guarantor thereof, but excluding any merchant.
 
7



“ Officer’s
Certificate ” shall mean a certificate delivered to TRS
signed by any Vice President or more senior officer of FSB and
which states that the certifications set forth in such certificate
are based upon the results of a due inquiry into the matters in
question conducted by or under the supervision of the signing
officer and that the facts stated in such certifications are true
and correct to the best of the signing officer’s
knowledge.

“ Original Agreement
” shall have the meaning specified in the recitals
hereto.

“ Owner Trustee ”
shall mean Wilmington Trust Company, not in its individual
capacity, but solely as owner trustee under the Trust Agreement,
its successors in interest and any successor owner trustee under
the Trust Agreement.

“ Payment Date ”
shall have the meaning specified in the Indenture.

“ Person ” shall
mean any person or entity, including any individual, corporation,
limited liability company, partnership (general or limited), joint
venture, association, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated
organization, Governmental Authority, or other entity of any
nature.

“ Principal Receivables
” shall mean all Receivables other than Finance Charge
Receivables.

“ Proceeding ”
shall mean any suit in equity, action at law or other judicial or
administrative proceeding.

“ Purchase Price
” shall have the meaning specified in Subsection
3.01.

“ Purchase Price
Adjustment ” shall have the meaning specified in Section
3.02.

“ Purchase Price Payment
Date ” shall have the meaning specified in Subsection
3.01.

“ Purchased Assets
” shall have the meaning specified in Subsection
2.01(a).

“ Receivables ”
shall mean all amounts shown on the records of FSB as amounts
payable by an Obligor on any Account from time to time, including
amounts payable for Principal Receivables and Finance Charge
Receivables.

“ Recoveries ”
shall mean all amounts received with respect to Receivables which
have previously been charged-off.

“ Related Account
” shall mean an Account with respect to which a new account
number has been issued by FSB (i) in compliance with the Account
Guidelines and the related Account Agreement, (ii) to the same
Obligor or Obligors of such Account, and (iii) (a) as a result of
the charge card with respect to such Account being lost or stolen;
(b) as a result of the related Obligor requesting a change in his
or her billing cycle; (c) as a result of the related Obligor
requesting the discontinuance of responsibility with respect to
such Account; (d) as a result of the related Obligor requesting a
product change; or (e) for any other reasons permitted by the
Account Guidelines; provided that such Account can be traced
or identified by reference to or by
 
8


way of the code designation in the
securitization field of such Account, which code designation is
contained in the computer or other records of FSB or the Servicer
used to generate the Account Schedule.

“ Removed Account
” shall mean any Account as to which FSB has received notice
from TRS that such Account is a “Removed Account” as
defined in the Transfer Agreement.

“ Requesting Party
” shall have the meaning specified in the Transfer
Agreement.

“ Requirements of Law
” shall mean any law, treaty, rule or regulation, or
determination of an arbitrator or Governmental Authority, whether
federal, state or local (including, without limitation, usury laws,
the Federal Truth in Lending Act and Regulation B and Regulation Z
of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), and, when
used with respect to any Person, the certificate of incorporation
and by-laws or other organizational or governing documents of such
Person.

“ RFC VIII ”
shall have the meaning specified in the recitals hereto.

“ Segregation Account
” shall have the meaning specified in the Servicing
Agreement.

“ Selection Date
” shall mean (i) with respect to each Initial Account, the
opening of business on October 24, 2012, (ii) with respect to each
Aggregate Addition Account, the date specified as such in the
related Aggregate Addition Account Supplemental Conveyance and
(iii) with respect to each New Account, the date on which such New
Account is originated.

“ Servicer ”
shall mean the entity acting as Servicer under the Servicing
Agreement.

“ Servicing Agreement
” shall mean the Second Amended and Restated Servicing
Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2016, among RFC VIII, as
Transferor, TRS, as Servicer and Administrator, the Trust, as
Issuer, and the Indenture Trustee, as amended, supplemented or
restated from time to time.

“ Small Balances
” shall have the meaning established in accordance with the
Account Guidelines.

“ Stop Date ”
shall have the meaning specified in Subsection 2.04(a).

“ Supplemental
Conveyance ” shall mean an Aggregate Addition Account
Supplemental Conveyance or a New Account Supplemental
Conveyance.

“ Transfer Agreement
” shall mean the Second Amended and Restated Transfer
Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2016, among RFC VIII, as
Transferor, the Trust, as Issuer, and the Indenture Trustee, as
amended, supplemented or restated from time to time.

“ Transfer Restriction
Event ” shall mean that FSB is unable for any reason to
transfer Receivables to TRS in accordance with the provisions of
this Agreement, including by
 
9


reason of the application of the provisions in
Section 8.02 or any order of any Governmental Authority.

“ Transferor ”
shall mean the entity or entities acting as a Transferor under the
Transfer Agreement.

“ TRS ” shall
have the meaning specified in the initial paragraph of this
Agreement.

“ TRS-RFC VIII Receivables
Purchase Agreement ” shall mean the amended and restated
receivables purchase agreement, dated as of July 29, 2016, between
TRS and RFC VIII, as the same may be amended, supplemented or
otherwise modified from time to time.

“ Trust ” shall
mean the American Express Issuance Trust II, heretofore created and
continued under the Trust Agreement.

“ Trust Agreement
” shall mean the Second Amended and Restated Trust Agreement
relating to the Trust, dated as of July 29, 2016, between the
Transferor and the Owner Trustee, as the same may be amended,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

“ UCC ” shall
mean the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the applicable
jurisdiction.

Section 1.02. Other Definitional
Provisions .

The words “
hereof ,” “ herein ,”
“ hereunder ” and words of similar import
when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a
whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement; and
Section, Subsection, Schedule and Exhibit references contained in
this Agreement are references to Sections, Subsections, Schedules
and Exhibits in or to this Agreement unless otherwise
specified.

[END OF ARTICLE I]
 
10


ARTICLE II

PURCHASE AND CONVEYANCE OF
RECEIVABLES

Section 2.01. Purchase
.

(a) In consideration of the payment
of the Purchase Price as provided herein, FSB does hereby sell,
transfer, assign, set over and otherwise convey to TRS
(collectively, the “ Conveyance ”),
without recourse except as provided herein, all of its right, title
and interest, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in, to and
under the Receivables existing at the Initial Cut-Off Date, in the
case of Receivables arising in the Initial Accounts (including
Related Accounts with respect to such Initial Accounts), and at the
applicable Addition Cut-Off Date, in the case of Receivables
arising in the Additional Accounts (including Related Accounts with
respect to such Additional Accounts), and in each case thereafter
created from time to time in the Accounts (unless such Account has
become a Removed Account), all Recoveries allocable to such
Receivables, all monies due or to become due and all amounts
received or receivable with respect thereto, all Collections with
respect thereto, and all proceeds (including “proceeds”
as defined in the UCC) thereof, but excluding any Issuer Rate Fees
allocable to such Receivables (collectively, the “
Purchased Assets ”). As purchaser of the
Purchased Assets, TRS shall have the right to pledge, assign,
transfer, sell and exercise full control over all the Purchased
Assets, subject to the interests of any subsequent purchaser or
assignee of the Purchased Assets.

The Receivables existing in the
Initial Accounts at the Initial Cut-Off Date and thereafter arising
in the Initial Accounts on or prior to the Closing Date, and the
related Purchased Assets, shall be sold by FSB and purchased by TRS
on the Closing Date. Receivables arising after the Closing
Date in the Initial Accounts (unless such Initial Account has
become a Removed Account) and the related Purchased Assets shall be
sold by FSB and purchased by TRS on the date such Receivables
arise. The Receivables existing in Additional Accounts at the
related Addition Cut-Off Date and thereafter arising in such
Additional Accounts on or prior to the related Addition Date, and
the related Purchased Assets, shall be sold by FSB and purchased by
TRS on the related Addition Date. Receivables arising after
such Addition Date in such Additional Accounts (unless such
Additional Account has become a Removed Account) and the related
Purchased Assets shall be sold by FSB and purchased by TRS on the
date such Receivables arise.

(b) FSB shall (i) record and file,
at its own expense, any financing statements (and amendments with
respect to such financing statements when applicable) with respect
to the Purchased Assets meeting the requirements of applicable
state law in such manner and in such jurisdictions as are necessary
to perfect, and maintain perfection of, the Conveyance of such
Purchased Assets from FSB to TRS, (ii) cause such financing
statements and amendments to name FSB, as seller, and TRS, as
purchaser, of the Purchased Assets and (iii) deliver a file-stamped
copy of such financing statements or amendments or other evidence
of such filings to TRS as soon as is practicable after
filing.

(c) FSB shall, at its own expense,
(i) on or prior to (x) the Closing Date, in the case of Initial
Accounts, and (y) the applicable Addition Date, in the case of
Additional Accounts, indicate in its books and records (including
its computer files) that Receivables created in connection with
such Accounts and the related Purchased Assets have been sold
to
 
11


TRS in accordance with this Agreement and have
been conveyed by TRS to RFC VIII pursuant to the TRS-RFC VIII
Receivables Purchase Agreement and by RFC VIII to the Trust
pursuant to the Transfer Agreement, and (ii) on or prior to (x) the
Closing Date, in the case of Initial Accounts, and (y) the
applicable Addition Date, in the case of Additional Accounts,
deliver or cause to be delivered to TRS an Account Schedule (
provided , however , that such Account Schedule shall
be provided in respect of New Accounts on the New Account Delivery
Date) containing a true and complete list of all such Accounts. FSB
shall not alter the indication referenced in clause (i) of this
paragraph with respect to any Account during the term of this
Agreement unless and until such Account is no longer an Account or
FSB has taken such action as is necessary or advisable to cause the
interest of TRS in the Purchased Assets to continue to be perfected
and of first priority. The Account Schedules, as supplemented
and amended, collectively shall be marked as Schedule
1 to this Agreement, shall be incorporated into and made a
part of this Agreement and shall be updated or caused to be updated
by FSB on each Addition Date (or, with respect to New Accounts, on
the New Account Delivery Date) to include any new Additional
Accounts, and shall be updated or caused to be updated by FSB not
later than semi-annually to include any new Related
Accounts.

(d) The parties hereto intend that
the conveyance of FSB’s right, title and interest in and to
the Purchased Assets shall constitute an absolute sale, conveying
good title free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or
rights of others, from FSB to TRS. It is the intention of the
parties hereto that the arrangements with respect to the Purchased
Assets shall constitute a purchase and sale of such Purchased
Assets and not a loan, including for accounting purposes. In
the event, however, that it were to be determined that the
transactions evidenced hereby constitute a loan and not a purchase
and sale, it is the intention of the parties hereto that this
Agreement shall constitute a security agreement under applicable
law, and that FSB shall be deemed to have granted, and FSB does
hereby grant, to TRS a security interest, which security interest
shall be a first priority perfected security interest in all of
FSB’s right, title and interest, whether now owned or
hereafter acquired, in, to and under the Purchased Assets to secure
the obligations of FSB hereunder.

(e) To the extent that FSB retains
any interest in the Purchased Assets, FSB hereby grants to the
Trust and the Indenture Trustee a security interest in all of
FSB’s right, title and interest, whether now owned or
hereafter acquired, in, to and under the Purchased Assets, to
secure the performance of all of the obligations of FSB
hereunder. With respect to such security interest and such
collateral, the Trust and the Indenture Trustee shall have all of
the rights that it has under the Transfer Agreement. Each of
the Trust and the Indenture Trustee shall also have all of the
rights of a secured creditor under the UCC.

(f) Each Account will continue to be
owned by the related Account Owner and is not a Purchased
Asset.

(g) By executing this Agreement,
each of FSB and TRS acknowledges and agrees that (i) on and after
the date of this Agreement, all references to the Original
Agreement in any other instruments or documents shall be deemed to
constitute references to this Agreement, and (ii) all outstanding
representations, warranties and covenants made by it in the
Original Agreement and any of its existing obligations under the
Original Agreement shall remain in full force and effect under this
Agreement, as amended and restated.
 
12



Section 2.02. Addition of
Aggregate Addition Accounts .

(a) If, from time to time, TRS
becomes obligated to designate Aggregate Addition Accounts (as such
term is defined in the Transfer Agreement) pursuant to Subsection
2.02(a) of the TRS-RFC VIII Receivables Purchase Agreement, then
TRS may, at its option, give FSB written notice thereof on or
before the eighth Business Day (the “ Addition Notice
Date ”) prior to the Addition Date therefor, and upon
receipt of such notice, FSB shall, on or before the Addition Date,
designate sufficient Eligible Accounts as Aggregate Addition
Accounts and shall sell to TRS the Purchased Assets related to such
Aggregate Addition Accounts so that, following the inclusion
thereof, TRS will be in compliance with the requirements of
Subsection 2.02(a) of the TRS-RFC VIII Receivables Purchase
Agreement. Additionally, subject to Subsection 2.02(b) of this
Agreement, at its option and with the consent of TRS, FSB may
designate Eligible Accounts as Aggregate Addition Accounts and sell
to TRS the Purchased Assets related to such Aggregate Addition
Accounts. In either event, FSB shall have sole responsibility
for selecting the Aggregate Addition Accounts.

(b) On the Addition Date with
respect to any designation of Aggregate Addition Accounts, such
Aggregate Addition Accounts shall become Accounts, and TRS shall
purchase FSB’s right, title and interest in, to and under the
Receivables in such Aggregate Addition Accounts and the related
Purchased Assets as provided in Section 2.01, subject to the
satisfaction of the following conditions on such Addition
Date:

(i) as of the applicable Selection
Date, each Aggregate Addition Account shall be an Eligible
Account;

(ii) FSB shall have delivered to TRS
copies of UCC financing statements covering such Aggregate Addition
Accounts, if necessary to perfect TRS’s interest in the
Receivables arising therein and the related Purchased
Assets;

(iii) FSB, on behalf of TRS, shall
have deposited, or shall have caused the Servicer to deposit, into
the Segregation Account all Collections with respect to such
Aggregate Addition Accounts since the applicable Addition Cut-Off
Date;

(iv) as of each of the Addition
Cut-Off Date and the Addition Date, no Insolvency Event with
respect to FSB shall have occurred nor shall the sale of the
Receivables arising in the Aggregate Addition Accounts and the
related Purchased Assets to TRS have been made in contemplation of
the occurrence thereof;

(v) such addition will not, in the
reasonable belief of FSB, have a material adverse effect on
TRS;

(vi) FSB shall have delivered to TRS
an Officer’s Certificate of FSB, dated the Addition Date,
confirming, to the extent applicable and in FSB’s reasonable
belief, the items set forth in clauses (i) through (v)
above;

(vii) FSB shall have indicated in
its computer files that Receivables created in connection with such
Aggregate Addition Accounts and the related Purchased
Assets
 
13



have been sold to TRS and shall have
delivered or caused to be delivered to TRS the Account Schedule
with respect to such Aggregate Addition Accounts in accordance with
Subsection 2.01(c); and

(viii) FSB and TRS shall have
entered into a duly executed, written assignment, substantially in
the form of Exhibit A (an “ Aggregate
Addition Account Supplemental Conveyance
”).

Section 2.03. Addition of New
Accounts .

(a) Upon the mutual agreement of FSB
and TRS, subject to compliance by FSB with Subsection 2.03(b), FSB
may designate newly originated Eligible Accounts to be included as
New Accounts and sell to TRS the Purchased Assets related to such
New Accounts. FSB shall cooperate with TRS to enable TRS to
comply with the requirements of Subsections 2.03(a) and (b) of the
TRS-RFC VIII Receivables Purchase Agreement and shall cooperate
with TRS to enable TRS to perform with respect to the Receivables
in such New Accounts all actions specified in Subsections 2.03(a)
and (b) of the TRS-RFC VIII Receivables Purchase
Agreement.

(b) On the Addition Date with
respect to any New Accounts, TRS shall purchase FSB’s right,
title and interest in, to and under the Receivables in such New
Accounts (and such New Accounts shall be deemed to be Accounts for
purposes of this Agreement) upon satisfaction of the following
conditions:

(i) as of the applicable Selection
Date, each New Account shall be an Eligible Account;

(ii) on such Addition Date, FSB
shall have delivered to TRS copies of UCC financing statements
covering such New Accounts, if necessary to perfect TRS’s
interest in the Receivables arising therein and the related
Purchased Assets;

(iii) FSB, on behalf of TRS, shall
have deposited, or shall have caused the Servicer to deposit, into
the Segregation Account all Collections with respect to such New
Accounts since the applicable Addition Cut-Off Date;

(iv) as of each of the Addition
Cut-Off Date and such Addition Date, no Insolvency Event with
respect to FSB shall have occurred nor shall the sale of the
Receivables arising in the New Accounts and the related Purchased
Assets to TRS have been made in contemplation of the occurrence
thereof;

(v) such addition will not, in the
reasonable belief of FSB, have a material adverse effect on
TRS;

(vi) on such Addition Date, FSB
shall have delivered to TRS an Officer’s Certificate of FSB,
dated such Addition Date, confirming, to the extent applicable and
in FSB’s reasonable belief, the items set forth in clauses
(i) through (v) above;

(vii) on such Addition Date, FSB
shall have indicated in its computer files that Receivables created
in connection with such New Accounts and the related Purchased
Assets have been sold to TRS; and
 
14



(viii) on such Addition Date, FSB
and TRS shall have entered into a duly executed, written
assignment, substantially in the form of Exhibit B (a
“ New Account Supplemental Conveyance
”).

(c) On the related New Account
Delivery Date, FSB shall deliver or cause to be delivered the
Account Schedule with respect to such New Accounts.

Section 2.04. Removal and
Deletion of Accounts .

(a) If an Account becomes a Removed
Account, then FSB shall stop selling to TRS Receivables arising in
such Removed Account effective on the Business Day (the “
Stop Date ”) after the date such Account
becomes a Removed Account. Notwithstanding the cessation of the
sale to TRS of additional Receivables arising in such Removed
Account, Receivables sold to TRS prior to the Stop Date and
Collections in respect of such Receivables shall continue to be
property of TRS available for transfer by TRS to RFC VIII pursuant
to the TRS-RFC VIII Receivables Purchase Agreement and by RFC VIII
to the Trust pursuant to the Transfer Agreement. To the extent that
it is not clear to FSB whether Collections relate to a Receivable
that was sold to TRS or to a receivable that FSB did not sell to
TRS, FSB shall allocate payments on each such Removed Account with
respect to the principal balance of such Removed Account first to
the oldest principal balance of such Removed Account.

(b) On and after the Stop Date for a
Removed Account, FSB may mark its books and records to indicate
that such Account is a Removed Account, but FSB shall not (i) alter
the indication referenced in clause (i) of Subsection 2.01(c) with
respect to such Removed Account unless and until such Account
becomes a Deleted Account or FSB has taken such action as is
necessary or advisable to cause the interest of TRS in the
Purchased Assets to continue to be perfected and of first priority,
or (ii) delete such Removed Account from Schedule 1
hereto or any Account Schedule.

(c) Once a Removed Account becomes a
Deleted Account, FSB may delete such Deleted Account from
Schedule 1 hereto and, upon such deletion, shall
indicate in its computer files that such Deleted Account is no
longer an Account.

[END OF ARTICLE II]
 
15


ARTICLE III

CONSIDERATION AND
PAYMENT

Section 3.01. Purchase Price
.

The “ Purchase
Price ” for the Receivables in the Initial Accounts
existing at the Initial Cut-Off Date, and the related Purchased
Assets, that are conveyed to TRS under this Agreement shall be
payable on the Closing Date, in an amount equal to 100% of the
aggregate balance of the Receivables so conveyed, adjusted to
reflect such factors, if any, as FSB and TRS mutually agree will
result in a Purchase Price determined to be the fair market value
of such Receivables and the related Purchased Assets. This
computation of initial purchase price shall assume no reinvestment
in new Receivables. The Purchase Price for the Receivables
(including Receivables in Additional Accounts) and the related
Purchased Assets conveyed to TRS under this Agreement which come
into existence after the Initial Cut-Off Date (i) shall be
payable in cash on each Business Day or on such other periodic
basis mutually agreed to by FSB and TRS, but no later than the 15th
calendar day of the Monthly Period (or, if such day is not a
Business Day, the next following Business Day) following the
calendar month in which such Receivables and the related Purchased
Assets are conveyed by FSB to TRS (each date on which the Purchase
Price is so paid, the “ Purchase Price Payment
Date ”) and (ii) shall be an amount equal to
100% of the aggregate balance of the Receivables so conveyed,
adjusted to reflect such factors, if any, as FSB and TRS mutually
agree will result in a Purchase Price determined to be the fair
market value of such Receivables and the related Purchased
Assets.

Notwithstanding any other provision
of this Agreement, FSB shall not be obligated to continue to sell
Receivables or other Purchased Assets to TRS to the extent that FSB
is not paid the Purchase Price therefor as provided
herein.

Section 3.02. Adjustments to
Purchase Price . The Purchase Price shall be reduced (a “
Purchase Price Adjustment ”) on the Purchase
Price Payment Date with respect to any Receivable previously
conveyed to TRS by FSB which is reduced by FSB or the Servicer
(pursuant to its customary servicing standards and guidelines for
customer service and cardmember account relations and to give
effect to rebates offered by FSB) because of a rebate, refund,
unauthorized c


 








 














10-Q: AMERICAN EXPRESS CREDIT CORP - MarketWatch



























































Latest News










Dow

21,613
+100.26
+0.47%






Nasdaq

6,412
+1.37
+0.02%






S&P 500

2,477
+7.22
+0.29%









1:04 A.M. ET


                                  Wynn Macau net profit rises 57% on year
                                





 
1:03 A.M. ET


Updated
      Here’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
                                





 
1:01 A.M. ET


Updated
      Oil rally continues, as optimism builds ahead U.S. supply data
                                





 
12:51 A.M. ET


                                  Japan, Aussie stocks continue to rise, spurred on by commodity prices
                                





 
12:01 A.M. ET


                                  Don’t have a college degree? These are the industries with the best-paid jobs
                                





 
7/25


Updated
      Does your child have a question? There’s a smart toy for that
                                





 
7/25


Updated
      House votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
                                





 
7/25


Updated
      One depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
                                





 
7/25


Updated
      What everyone can learn from Jared Kushner’s unorthodox approach to meetings
                                





 
7/25


                                  One version of GOP health-care bills fails in Senate vote
                                





 
7/25


Updated
      George Clooney and Angelina Jolie’s directorial projects could be the most sought-after tickets at TIFF
                                





 
7/25


                                  John McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful
                                





 
7/25


Updated
      PayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
                                





 
7/25


Updated
      AMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
                                





 
7/25


                                  AMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
                                





 
7/25


                                  House passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
                                





 
7/25


                                  WSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
                                





 
7/25


                                  Former Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
                                





 
7/25


Updated
      This quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
                                





 
7/25


Updated
      Bitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
                                





 








































Log In















 


Until Tokyo Markets Close

Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets














Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-Q: AMERICAN EXPRESS CREDIT CORP
    








    By

Published: May 6, 2014 1:54 p.m. ET

Share


















































 



 















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  Overview  American Express Credit Corporation (Credco), together with its subsidiaries, is a wholly owned subsidiary of American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. (TRS), which is a wholly owned subsidiary of American Express Company (American Express). Both American Express and TRS are bank holding companies.  Credco is engaged in the business of financing non-interest-earning Card Member receivables arising from the use of the American Express(R) Green Card, the American Express(R) Gold Card, Platinum Card(R), Corporate Card and other American Express cards issued in the U.S. and in certain countries outside the U.S. Credco also finances certain interest-earning revolving loans generated by Card Member spending on American Express credit cards issued in non-U.S. markets, although interest-earning and revolving loans are primarily funded by subsidiaries of TRS other than Credco. American Express charge cards and American Express credit cards are collectively referred to herein as the card.  Certain of the statements in this Form 10-Q report are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Refer to the "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" section.  Current Business Environment/Outlook  American Express' results for the first quarter of 2014 reflect increased spending by Card Members, continued low write-off rates and lower operating expenses. Billed business grew over the prior year, with higher volumes in the U.S. and internationally. Billed business and revenue growth remained solid but slowed modestly from the fourth quarter of 2013. In addition, the stronger U.S. dollar continued to put downward pressure on American Express' billed business and revenue growth.  Competition remains extremely intense across American Express' businesses. While American Express' business is diversified, the global economic environment remains challenging. In addition, any impact of potential U.S. income tax law changes or volatility in foreign exchange rates remains uncertain.  Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2014 and 2013  Pretax income depends primarily on the volume of Card Member receivables and loans purchased, the discount factor used to determine purchase price, interest earned, interest expense and collectability of Card Member receivables and loans purchased.  Credco's consolidated net income decreased $33 million or 30 percent for the three months ended March 31, 2014 as compared to the same period in 2013. The year-over-year decrease is primarily due to lower interest income, lower discount revenues earned from purchased Card Member receivables and loans and higher provision for losses, partially offset by lower interest expense.  Table of Contents  The following table summarizes the changes attributable to the increase (decrease) in key revenue and expense accounts for the three months ended March 31:  (Millions) 2014 2013 Discount revenue earned from purchased Card Member receivables and loans: Volume of receivables and loans purchased $ 8 $ 17 Discount rates (20 ) 25 Total $ (12 ) $ 42 Interest income from affiliates: Average loans to affiliates $ (13 ) $ 22 Interest rates (14 ) (37) Total $ (27 ) $ (15) Interest income from deposits: Average deposits outstanding $ (1 ) $ - Interest rates - (1) Total $ (1 ) $ (1) Finance revenue: Average Card Member loans outstanding $ 2 $ 1 Interest rates - (1) Total $ 2 $ - Interest expense: Average debt outstanding $ (13 ) $ 21 Interest rates (30 ) (38) Total $ (43 ) $ (17) Interest expense to affiliates: Average debt outstanding $ - $ - Interest rates - (1) Total $ - $ (1)  Discount revenue earned from purchased Card Member receivables and loans  Discount revenue decreased 8 percent or $12 million to $137 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014, as compared to $149 million for the same period in 2013. This change was primarily driven by a 4 basis points decrease in the discount rate charged on Card Member receivables and loans, partially offset by an increase in net volume of receivables and loans purchased by 6 percent or $3 billion to $56 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2014, as compared to $53 billion for the same period in 2013.  Interest income from affiliates  Interest income from affiliates decreased 23 percent or $27 million to $91 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014, as compared to $118 million for the same period in 2013. This change was primarily driven by a decrease of 49 basis points in the annualized effective interest rate charged to affiliates to 3.18 percent for the three months ended March 31, 2014 from 3.67 percent for the same period in 2013, and a decrease in average loan balances with affiliates by 11 percent or $1.4 billion to $11.5 billion for three months ended March 31, 2014 as compared to $12.9 billion for the same period in 2013.  Interest income from deposits  Interest income from deposits decreased by $1 million to nil for the three months ended March 31, 2014, primarily driven by lower average deposit balances during 2014.  Table of Contents  Finance revenue  Finance revenue increased 18 percent or $2 million to $13 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014, as compared to $11 million for the same period in 2013. This change was primarily driven by an increase in the average Card Member loan balance outstanding during 2014.  Provisions for losses  Provisions for losses increased 45 percent or $19 million to $61 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014, as compared to $42 million for the same period in 2013. This change was primarily driven by reserve builds for the three months ended March 31, 2014, as compared to reserve releases for the same period in 2013, and higher net write-offs during the three months ended March 31, 2014.  Interest expense  Interest expense decreased 26 percent or $43 million to $125 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014, as compared to $168 million for the same period in 2013. This change was primarily driven by a decrease in annualized effective interest rates on average debt outstanding by 56 basis points to 2.28 percent for the three months ended March 31, 2014, from 2.84 percent for the same period in 2013, and a decrease in average debt outstanding by 8 percent or $2 billion to $22 billion for the three months ended March 31, 2014, as compared to $24 billion for the same period in 2013.  Interest expense to affiliates  Interest expense to affiliates remained flat at $2 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014, as compared to the same period in 2013.  Other, net  The benefit recorded in other, net decreased by $10 million to a benefit of $22 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014, as compared to a benefit of $32 million for the same period in 2013. This change was primarily driven by a $4 million decrease in the forward points gain generated by foreign exchange forward contracts and a decrease in fair value hedge ineffectiveness gain of $4 million. Credco uses foreign exchange forward contracts to manage foreign exchange risk for certain cross-currency funding activities. At inception, the difference between the spot rate and the contractual forward rate, referred to as the forward points, generates gains (or losses) as a component of the derivative contract's valuation.  Income taxes  The effective tax rates for the three months ended March 31, 2014 and 2013 were  Card Member Receivables and Card Member Loans  As of March 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, Credco owned $17.6 billion and $14.5 billion, respectively, of gross Card Member receivables. Card Member receivables represent amounts due on American Express and certain American Express joint venture charge card products and are recorded at the time they are purchased from the seller. Included in Card Member receivables are Credco Receivables Corporation's (CRC) purchases of the participation interests from American Express Receivables Financing Corporation VIII LLC (RFC VIII) in conjunction with TRS' securitization program. As of March 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, CRC owned approximately $5.0 billion and $2.5 billion, respectively, of such participation interests.  Gross Card Member receivables owned as of March 31, 2014 increased approximately $3.1 billion from December 31, 2013, primarily as a result of an increase in Card Member receivables purchased driven by an increase in the seller's interest in the American Express Issuance Trust II (the Charge Trust).  As of March 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, Credco owned gross Card Member loans totaling $499 million and $523 million, respectively. These loans represent revolving amounts due on American Express and certain American Express joint venture lending card products.  Table of Contents  The following table summarizes selected information related to the Card Member receivables portfolio as of or for the three months ended March 31:  (Millions, except percentages) 2014 2013 Total gross Card Member receivables(a) $ 17,584 $ 17,570 Loss reserves - Card Member receivables $ 102 $ 97 Loss reserves as a % of receivables 0.58 % 0.55% Average life of Card Member receivables (# in days)(b) 29 29 U.S. Consumer and Small Business gross Card Member receivables $ 4,953 $ 5,857 30 days past due as a % of total 1.19 % 1.25% Average receivables $ 4,294 $ 4,868 Write-offs, net of recoveries $ 12 $ 17 Net write-off rate(c) 1.12 % 1.40% International Card Services gross Card Member receivables $ 1,270 (d) 30 days past due as a % of total 1.57 % (d) Average Receivables $ 1,270 (d) Write-offs, net of recoveries $ 7 (d) Net write-off rate(c) 2.20 % (d) Global Commercial gross Card Member receivables $ 11,361 (d) 90 days past billing as a % of total 0.74 % (d) Write-offs, net of recoveries $ 29 (d) Net loss ratio(e) 0.08 % (d) International and Global Commercial gross Card Member receivables (d ) $ 11,713 90 days past billing as a % of total (d ) 0.73% Write-offs, net of recoveries (d ) $ 26 Net loss ratio(e) (d ) 0.07%  (a) $229 million of Card Member credit balances were reclassified from Card Member receivables to due to affiliates as of March 31, 2014.  (b) Represents the average life of Card Member receivables owned by Credco, based upon the ratio of the average amount of both billed and unbilled receivables owned by Credco at the end of each month, during the period indicated, to the volume of Card Member receivables purchased by Credco.  (c) Credco's net write-off rate represents the amount of Card Member receivables owned by Credco that are written off, net of recoveries, expressed as a percentage of the average Card Member receivables balances in each of the periods indicated.  (d) Effective March 31, 2014, a split between International Card Services (ICS) & Global Commercial Services (GCS) for Card Member receivables has been provided to supplement the presentation of Card Member receivables aging for ICS. Historically 90 days past billing as a % of total, write-offs, net of recoveries and net loss ratio were presented for ICS and GCS. Effective March 31, 2014, as a result of system enhancements, 30 days past due as a % of total and net write-off rate will be presented for ICS.  (e) Credco's net loss ratio represents the amount of Card Member receivables owned by Credco that are written off, net of recoveries, expressed as a percentage of the volume of Card Member receivables purchased by Credco in each of the periods indicated.  Table of Contents  Loans to Affiliates  Credco's loans to affiliates represent floating-rate interest-bearing intercompany borrowings by other wholly-owned subsidiaries of TRS.  The components of loans to affiliates as of March 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013 were as follows:   (Millions) 2014 2013 American Express Services Europe Limited $ 3,217 $ 3,185 American Express Australia Limited 2,987 3,119 Amex Bank of Canada 2,444 3,161 American Express Company 640 819 American Express Co. (Mexico) S.A. de C.V. 538 535 American Express Bank (Mexico) S.A. 417 415 American Express International, Inc. 96 106 Total(a) $ 10,339 $ 11,340  (a) As of March 31, 2014, Credco had $10.3 billion of outstanding loans to affiliates, of which approximately $5.7 billion were collateralized by the underlying Card Member receivables and Card Member loans transferred with recourse and the remaining $4.6 billion were uncollateralized loans primarily with affiliated banks and American Express Company. As of December 31, 2013, Credco had $11.3 billion of outstanding loans to affiliates, of which approximately $5.8 billion were collateralized by the underlying Card Member receivables and Card Member loans transferred with recourse and the remaining $5.5 billion were uncollateralized loans primarily with affiliated banks and American Express Company.  Due from/to Affiliates  As of March 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, amounts due from affiliates were $4.2 billion and $3.4 billion, respectively. As of March 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, amounts due to affiliates were $1.2 billion and $1.3 billion, respectively. These amounts relate primarily to timing differences from the purchase of Card Member receivables, net of remittances from TRS, as well as from operating activities.  Short-term Debt to Affiliates  Short-term debt to affiliates consists primarily of master note agreements for which there is no stated term. Credco does not expect any changes to its short-term funding strategies with affiliates.  Components of short-term debt to affiliates as of March 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013 were as follows:   (Millions) 2014 2013 AE Exposure Management Ltd. $ 2,580 $ 2,541 American Express Europe LLC 1,246 261 American Express Swiss Holdings 432 419 American Express Holdings (Netherlands) C.V. 188 188 National Express Company, Inc. - 123 Other 112 51 Total $ 4,558 $ 3,583  Service Fees to Affiliates  Certain affiliates do not explicitly charge Credco a servicing fee for the servicing of receivables purchased. Instead Credco receives a lower discount rate on the receivables sold to Credco than would be the case if servicing fees were charged. If a servicing fee had been charged by these affiliates from which Credco purchases receivables, servicing fees to affiliates would have been higher by approximately $33 million for both the three months ended March 31, 2014 and 2013. Correspondingly, discount revenue would have increased by approximately the same amounts in these periods.  Table of Contents  Consolidated Capital Resources and Liquidity  Credco's balance sheet management objectives are to maintain:   A broad, deep and diverse set of funding sources to finance its assets and meet operating requirements; and   Liquidity programs that enable Credco to continuously meet expected future financing obligations and business requirements for at least a 12-month period, even in the event it is unable to continue to raise new funds under its traditional funding programs during a substantial weakening in economic conditions.  Funding Strategy  American Express has in place an enterprise-wide funding policy. The principal funding objective is to maintain broad and well-diversified funding sources to allow American Express, including Credco, to meet its maturing obligations, cost-effectively finance current and future asset growth in its global businesses as well as to maintain a strong liquidity profile. The diversity of funding sources by type of debt instrument, by maturity and by investor base, among other factors, provides additional insulation from the impact of disruptions in any one type of debt, maturity or investor. The mix of Credco's funding in any period will seek to achieve cost efficiency consistent with both maintaining diversified sources and achieving its liquidity objectives. Credco's funding strategy and activities are integrated into its asset-liability management activities.  Credco, like many financial services companies, has historically relied on the debt capital markets to fulfill a substantial amount of its funding needs. It has a variety of funding sources available to access the debt capital markets, including senior unsecured debentures and commercial paper. One of the principal tenets of Credco's funding strategy is to issue debt with a wide range of maturities to distribute its refinancing requirements across future periods. Credco continues to assess its funding needs and investor demand and could change the mix of its existing sources as well as add new sources to its funding  American Express seeks to raise funds to meet the financing needs of itself and all of its subsidiaries, including Credco, including seasonal and other working capital needs, while also seeking to maintain sufficient cash and readily marketable securities that are easily convertible to cash, in order to meet the scheduled maturities of all long-term funding obligations on a consolidated basis for a 12-month period.  Credco's funding strategy is designed, among other things, to maintain appropriate and stable unsecured debt ratings from the major credit rating agencies: Dominion Bond Rating Services (DBRS), Fitch Ratings (Fitch), Moody's Investor Services (Moody's) and Standard & Poor's (S&P). Such ratings help support Credco's access to cost-effective unsecured funding as part of its overall funding strategy.  Credco's short-term ratings, long-term ratings and outlook as disclosed by the four major credit rating agencies are as follows:   Credit Short-Term Long-Term Agency Ratings Ratings Outlook DBRS R-1 (middle) A (high) Stable Fitch F1 A+ Stable Moody's Prime-1 A2 Stable S&P A-2 A- Stable  Downgrades in the ratings of Credco's unsecured debt could result in higher funding costs, as well as higher fees related to borrowings under its unused lines of credit. Declines in credit ratings could also reduce Credco's borrowing capacity in the unsecured term debt and commercial paper markets. The overall level of the funding provided by Credco to other American Express affiliates is impacted by a variety of factors, among them Credco's ratings. To the extent that Credco is subject to a higher cost of funds, whether due to an adverse ratings action or otherwise, the affiliates could continue to use, or could increase their use of, alternative sources of funding for their receivables that offer better pricing.  Table of Contents  Short-term Funding Programs  Credco's issuance and sale of commercial paper is primarily utilized for working capital needs. The amount of short-term borrowings issued in the future will depend on Credco's funding strategy, its needs and market conditions. As of March 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, Credco had nil and $0.2 billion, respectively, of commercial paper outstanding. The average commercial paper outstanding was nil and $0.1 billion during the three months ended March 31, 2014 and the year ended December 31, 2013, respectively.  Long-term Debt Programs  Long-term debt is raised through the offering of debt securities in the United States and capital markets outside the United States. Long-term debt is generally defined as any debt with an original maturity greater than 12 months.  Credco had the following long-term debt outstanding as of March 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013:   (Billions) 2014 2013 Long-term debt outstanding $ 24.0 $ 21.7 Average long-term debt $ 21.9 $ 22.3  Credco has the ability to issue debt securities under shelf registrations filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The latest shelf registration statement filed with the SEC is for an unspecified amount of debt securities. As of March 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, Credco had $16.4 billion and $14.2 billion, respectively, of debt securities outstanding, issued under the SEC registration statement. During the first quarter of 2014, Credco issued $2.3 billion dual-tranche senior unsecured debt consisting of (i) $1.3 billion of fixed-rate senior notes with a maturity of 5 years and a coupon of 2.125 percent and (ii) $1.0 billion of floating-rate senior notes with a maturity of 5 years at a rate of 3-month LIBOR plus 55 basis points.  Credco has established a program for the issuance of debt instruments outside the United States, which is listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The prospectus for this program expired in February 2013. Credco expects to renew the prospectus as management deems appropriate. During the three months ended March 31, 2014, no notes were issued under this program. As of both March 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, $1.2 billion of debt instruments were outstanding under this program.  Credco has also established a program in Australia for the issuance of debt securities of up to approximately $5.5 billion (AUD $6.0 billion). During the three months ended March 31, 2014, no notes were issued under this program. As of March 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, the entire amount of approximately $5.5 billion and $5.3 billion, respectively, of notes were available for issuance under this program and the outstanding notes were nil as of such dates.  Credco has also established a medium-term note program in Canada providing for the issuance, when necessary, of up to approximately $3.1 billion (CAD $3.5 billion) of notes by American Express Canada Credit Corporation (AECCC), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Credco. All notes issued by AECCC under this shelf registration are guaranteed by Credco. For the three months ended March 31, 2014, no notes were issued under this program. As of March 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, AECCC had $2.1 billion and $2.2 billion of medium-term notes outstanding under this program, respectively. The financial results of AECCC are included in the consolidated financial results of Credco.  The covenants of debt instruments issued by Credco impose the requirement that Credco maintain a minimum consolidated net worth of $50 million, which limits the amount of dividends Credco could pay to its parent. As of March 31, 2014, management believed Credco was in compliance with all restrictive covenants contained in its debt agreements. During the three months ended March 31, 2014 and 2013, Credco paid $78 million and $73 million, respectively, of cash dividends to TRS. The increase in the amount of dividends is primarily driven by . . .  May 06, 2014  (c) 1995-2014 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


AMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver


One depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream


Here’s why Amazon, Facebook and the gang are not going to take down this market















Most Popular





AMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver





Here’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017





The highest paid athletes in the world, in one chart





Elon Musk just burned Mark Zuckerberg in a tweet about AI





Scaramucci: Priebus and I Are Like Brothers




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found







































 






















MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Close in:



Currencies
Europe Markets
London Markets


















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



Credit


Currency


Markets


Supermarkets


Textiles


Gas Prices




Airlines


Oil


Currencies


U.S. Stocks


Retail


Federal Reserve




U.S. Dollar


United Kingdom


Europe


European Markets


Energy Stocks


Copper






People in the news



Trump, Donald


Buffett, Warren


Hill, David


Rather, Dan


Brin, Sergey


King, David




Lewis, Michael


Perry, Rick


Berlusconi, Silvio


McCain, John


Musk, Elon


Carter, Jimmy




Obama, Barack


Clinton, Bill


Jackson, Michael


Bloomberg, Michael


Putin, Vladimir


Snow, John






Companies in the news



Miners


Connor


American International Group


Lilly (Eli) & Co.


Dow Chemical


DuPont




Apple Inc.


American Manufacturing


Ford Motor


General Motors


Jones


3M Co




Bank of America Corp.


Caterpillar Inc.


Dow Jones & Co.


Google Inc.


McDonald's Corp.


News Corp.






Organizations in the news



European Union


Consumers Union


General Assembly


Small Business Administration


European Central Bank


Nasdaq Stock Market




World Bank


World Trade Organization


Bank of England


Federal Reserve Bank of New York


Investment Company Institute


New York Stock Exchange




College Board


New York University


State University of New York


University of Massachusetts


University of Washington


Washington State University












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




1:49 AM EDT
July 26, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Open





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
1:04aWynn Macau net profit rises 57% on year
1:03aHere’s why oil just scored its biggest one-day rally of 2017
1:01aOil rally continues, as optimism builds ahead U.S. supply data
12:51aJapan, Aussie stocks continue to rise, spurred on by commodity prices
12:01aDon’t have a college degree? These are the industries with the best-paid jobs
11:04pDoes your child have a question? There’s a smart toy for that
11:04pHouse votes to prevent disgruntled customers from being able to sue their bank
11:04pWhat everyone can learn from Jared Kushner’s unorthodox approach to meetings
11:04pOne depressing reason millions of people are locked out of the American Dream
10:14pOne version of GOP health-care bills fails in Senate vote
9:28pGeorge Clooney and Angelina Jolie’s directorial projects could be the most sought-after tickets at TIFF
8:41pJohn McCain gives Trump a win, then gives Senate an earful
8:20pPayPal earnings: Partnerships help, but are benefits already priced in?
7:47pAMD puts Intel in the crosshairs with fast-and-cheap Threadripper chip
7:40pAMD earnings give investors what they wanted, now it must deliver
7:23pHouse passes bill hitting Russia with new sanctions
7:04pWSJ Interview: Trump Doesn't Rule Out Firing Sessions
7:01pFormer Trump campaign chief Manafort strikes deal to avoid public testimony
6:04pThis quant pro and card counter says gambling can make you a better investor
6:01pBitcoin, digital currencies retreat from records
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,613.43

+100.26
+0.47%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,412.17

+1.37
+0.02%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,477.13

+7.22
+0.29%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15






















































American Express Issuance Trust Ii Second Amended And Restated Trust Agreement Between American Express Receivables Financing Corporation Viii Llc, As Beneficiary And Transferor, And Wilmington Trust Company Dated As Of July 29, 2016 - Trust Agreement - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Trust Agreement     > AMERICAN EXPRESS ISSUANCE TRUST II SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENT between AMERICAN EXPRESS RECEIVABLES FINANCING CORPORATION VIII LLC, as Beneficiary and Transferor, and WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY Dated as of July 29, 2016

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















American Express Issuance Trust Ii Second Amended And Restated Trust Agreement Between American Express Receivables Financing Corporation Viii Llc, As Beneficiary And Transferor, And Wilmington Trust Company Dated As Of July 29, 2016
Trust Agreement



You are currently viewing:
 This Trust Agreement involves AMERICAN EXPRESS ISSUANCE TRUST II | AMERICAN EXPRESS RECEIVABLES FINANCING CORPORATION VIII LLC | American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc | WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: AMERICAN EXPRESS ISSUANCE TRUST II SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENT between AMERICAN EXPRESS RECEIVABLES FINANCING CORPORATION VIII LLC, as Beneficiary and Transferor, and WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY Dated as of July 29, 2016 Governing Law: Delaware      Date: 8/1/2016 Law Firm: Orrick Herrington      









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day









Exhibit 4.4

Execution Copy
 


 


AMERICAN EXPRESS ISSUANCE TRUST
II

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST
AGREEMENT

between

AMERICAN EXPRESS RECEIVABLES
FINANCING CORPORATION VIII LLC,

as Beneficiary and
Transferor,

and

WILMINGTON TRUST
COMPANY

Dated as of July 29, 2016
 


 




TABLE OF CONTENTS
 













 


  


 


  



Page


 





ARTICLE I


  





DEFINITIONS


  










Section 1.01.


  


Definitions


  


 



1


  










Section 1.02.


  


Other
Definitional Provisions


  


 



6


  








ARTICLE II


  





ORGANIZATION


  










Section 2.01.


  


Name


  


 



6


  










Section 2.02.


  


Office


  


 



6


  










Section 2.03.


  


Purposes and
Powers; Trust To Operate as a Single Purpose Entity


  


 



6


  










Section 2.04.


  


Appointment of
Owner Trustee


  


 



10


  










Section 2.05.


  


Initial Capital
Contribution of Trust Estate


  


 



10


  










Section 2.06.


  


Declaration of
Trust


  


 



10


  










Section 2.07.


  


Title to Trust
Estate


  


 



10


  










Section 2.08.


  


Situs of
Trust


  


 



10


  










Section 2.09.


  


Nature of
Interest in the Trust Estate


  


 



10


  










Section 2.10.


  


Tax
Matters


  


 



10


  










Section 2.11.


  


Fiscal
Year


  


 



11


  










Section 2.12.


  


Closing


  


 



11


  










Section 2.13.


  


Books and
Records


  


 



11


  










Section 2.14.


  


Limitation on
Liability of Transferor and Others


  


 



11


  










Section 2.15.


  


Representations
and Warranties of each Beneficiary


  


 



11


  








ARTICLE III


  





BENEFICIAL INTEREST


  










Section 3.01.


  


Initial
Ownership


  


 



12


  










Section 3.02.


  


Restrictions on
Transfer


  


 



12


  








ARTICLE IV


  





DISTRIBUTIONS OF FUNDS


  










Section 4.01.


  


Distribution of
Funds


  


 



13


  










Section 4.02.


  


Payments from
Trust Estate Only


  


 



13


  










Section 4.03.


  


Method of
Payment


  


 



13


  










Section 4.04.


  


Transferor
Interest; Transferor Certificates


  


 



13


  




 
-i-



TABLE OF CONTENTS
(continued)
 













 


  


 


  



Page


 









ARTICLE V


  








ACTIONS BY OWNER TRUSTEE


  













Section 5.01.


  


Prior Notice to
Beneficiary and Transferor with Respect to Certain
Matters


  


 



14


  










Section 5.02.


  


Restrictions on
Power


  


 



15


  








ARTICLE VI


  





AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF OWNER
TRUSTEE


  










Section 6.01.


  


Action Upon
Instructions


  


 



15


  










Section 6.02.


  


No Duty to Act
Under Certain Circumstances


  


 



16


  










Section 6.03.


  


No Duties
Except Under Specified Agreements or Instructions


  


 



16


  










Section 6.04.


  


Trust
Operation


  


 



17


  










Section 6.05.


  


Execution of
Documents


  


 



18


  








ARTICLE VII


  





CONCERNING THE TRUSTEE
BANK


  










Section 7.01.


  


Acceptance of
Trusts and Duties


  


 



18


  










Section 7.02.


  


Furnishing of
Documents


  


 



19


  










Section 7.03.


  


Representations
and Warranties


  


 



19


  










Section 7.04.


  


Reliance;
Advice of Counsel


  


 



20


  










Section 7.05.


  


Not Acting in
Individual Capacity


  


 



20


  










Section 7.06.


  


No
Representations and Warranties as to the Trust Estate


  


 



21


  










Section 7.07.


  


Signature of
Returns


  


 



21


  










Section 7.08.


  


Trustee Bank
May Own Notes


  


 



21


  








ARTICLE VIII


  





COMPENSATION OF TRUSTEE BANK AND
INDEMNIFICATION


  










Section 8.01.


  


Trustee
Bank’s Fees and Expenses


  


 



21


  










Section 8.02.


  


Indemnification


  


 



21


  










Section 8.03.


  


Payments to the
Owner Trustee


  


 



22


  








ARTICLE IX


  





TERMINATION OF TRUST
AGREEMENT


  










Section 9.01.


  


Termination of
Trust Agreement


  


 



22


  




 
-ii-



TABLE OF CONTENTS
(continued)
 













 


  


 


  



Page


 








ARTICLE X


  





SUCCESSOR OWNER TRUSTEES,
CO-TRUSTEES AND SEPARATE OWNER TRUSTEES


  










Section 10.01.


  


Eligibility
Requirements for Owner Trustee


  


 



23


  










Section 10.02.


  


Resignation or
Removal of Owner Trustee


  


 



23


  










Section 10.03.


  


Successor Owner
Trustee


  


 



24


  










Section 10.04.


  


Merger or
Consolidation of Owner Trustee


  


 



24


  










Section 10.05.


  


Appointment of
Co-Trustee or Separate Owner Trustee


  


 



25


  








ARTICLE XI


  





MISCELLANEOUS


  










Section 11.01.


  


Supplements and
Amendments


  


 



26


  










Section 11.02.


  


No Legal Title
to Trust Estate in Beneficiary


  


 



28


  










Section 11.03.


  


Limitations on
Rights of Others


  


 



28


  










Section 11.04.


  


Notices


  


 



28


  










Section 11.05.


  


Severability


  


 



28


  










Section 11.06.


  


Separate
Counterparts


  


 



28


  










Section 11.07.


  


Successors and
Assigns


  


 



28


  










Section 11.08.


  


Nonpetition
Covenants


  


 



29


  










Section 11.09.


  


No
Recourse


  


 



29


  










Section 11.10.


  


Headings


  


 



29


  










Section 11.11.


  


GOVERNING
LAW


  


 



29


  










Section 11.12.


  


Acceptance of
Terms of Agreement


  


 



29


  










Section 11.13.


  


Integration of
Documents


  


 



29


  








ARTICLE XII


  





COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION
AB


  










Section 12.01.


  


Intent of the
Parties; Reasonableness


  


 



30


  










Section 12.02.


  


Information to
Be Provided by the Trustee Bank


  


 



30


  










Section 12.03.


  


Repurchase
Demand Activity Reporting


  


 



31


  










Section 12.04.


  


Investor
Communications Reporting


  


 



32


  




 
-iii-


EXHIBITS
 









EXHIBIT A


  


CERTIFICATE OF
TRUST








EXHIBIT
B


  


FORM OF
TRANSFEROR CERTIFICATE








EXHIBIT
C


  


FORM OF ASSET
REPURCHASE DEMAND ACTIVITY REPORT








EXHIBIT
D


  


FORM OF
INVESTOR COMMUNICATION REQUEST REPORT







This AMERICAN EXPRESS ISSUANCE TRUST
II SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENT, between AMERICAN
EXPRESS RECEIVABLES FINANCING CORPORATION VIII LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, as Beneficiary and as Transferor, and
WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, a Delaware corporation with trust powers,
is made and entered into as of July 29, 2016, and acknowledged and
accepted by the AMERICAN EXPRESS ISSUANCE TRUST II.

WHEREAS, American Express
Receivables Financing Corporation VIII LLC and the Trustee Bank
have heretofore created a statutory trust pursuant to the Delaware
Statutory Trust Act (as hereinafter defined) by filing the
Certificate of Trust (as hereinafter defined) with the Secretary of
State (as hereinafter defined) on August 15, 2012, and entered into
a Trust Agreement, dated as of August 15, 2012 (the “
Original Trust Agreement ”), which was amended and
restated on October 24, 2012 (as amended and restated, the “
Amended Trust Agreement ”); and

WHEREAS, the parties hereto desire
to continue the Trust as a statutory trust under the Delaware
Statutory Trust Act and to amend and restate the Amended Trust
Agreement in its entirety.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of
the mutual agreements herein contained and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereto, intending to be legally bound
hereby, agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01. Definitions .
For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the
following meanings:

“ Additional Transferor
” has the meaning specified in the Transfer
Agreement.

“ Administrator ”
means TRS, in its capacity as Administrator pursuant to the
Servicing Agreement, and any successors or assigns.

“ Adverse Effect
” has the meaning specified in the Indenture.

“ Affiliate ” has
the meaning specified in the Indenture.

“ Agreement ”
means this American Express Issuance Trust II Second Amended and
Restated Trust Agreement, as the same may be amended, modified or
supplemented from time to time.

“ Beneficial Interest
” means the undivided beneficial interest of the Beneficiary
in the Trust.



“ Beneficiary ”
means (a) RFC VIII, as beneficial owner of the Trust, and (b) each
Permitted Affiliate Transferee and other transferee under
Section 3.02 . References to “each Beneficiary”
shall refer to each entity mentioned in the preceding sentence, and
references to “the Beneficiary” shall refer to all of
such entities.

“ Business Day ”
has the meaning specified in the Indenture.

“ Certificate of Trust
” means the Certificate of Trust of the Trust, a copy of
which is attached hereto as Exhibit A , which has been filed
for the Trust pursuant to subsection 3810(a) of the Delaware
Statutory Trust Act.

“ Class ” means,
with respect to any Note, the Class specified in the applicable
Indenture Supplement.

“ Code ” means
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as it may be amended from time
to time.

“ Collateral
Certificate ” has the meaning specified in the Transfer
Agreement.

“ Commission ”
means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

“ Corporate Trust
Office ” means, with respect to the Owner Trustee, the
principal corporate trust office of the Owner Trustee located at
Rodney Square North, 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware
19890-1600, Attention: Corporate Trust Administration; or such
other address as the Owner Trustee may designate by notice to the
Beneficiary and the Transferor, or the principal corporate trust
office of any successor Owner Trustee (the address of which the
successor Owner Trustee will notify the Beneficiary and the
Transferor).

“ Delaware Statutory Trust
Act ” means Chapter 38 of Title 12 of the Delaware Code,
12 Del. C. §§ 3801, et seq. , as amended
from time to time, and any successor statute thereto.

“ Exchange Act ”
means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

“ Expenses ” has
the meaning specified in Section 8.02 .

“ FDIC Rule ” has
the meaning specified in the Indenture.

“ GAAP ” has the
meaning specified in the Indenture.

“ Governmental
Authority ” means the United States of America, any state
or other political subdivision thereof and any entity exercising
executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative
functions of or pertaining to government.

“ Indemnified Parties
” has the meaning specified in Section 8.02
.

“ Indenture ”
means the Second Amended and Restated Indenture, dated as of July
29, 2016, between the Trust and the Indenture Trustee, which by its
terms is identified as being
 
-2-


the Indenture referred to herein, as the same
may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from
time to time.

“ Indenture Supplement
” has the meaning specified in the Indenture.

“ Indenture Trustee
” means The Bank of New York Mellon, not in its individual
capacity but solely as Indenture Trustee under the Indenture, and
each successor Indenture Trustee under such Indenture, or such
other party identified as the Indenture Trustee within the
Indenture.

“ Investor Certificate
” has the meaning specified in the Indenture.

“ Investor Communication
Reporting Series ” has the meaning specified in the
Indenture.

“ Investor Communication
Reporting Regulation ” has the meaning specified in
Section 12.04(a).

“ Investor Communication
Request ” has the meaning specified in the
Indenture.

“ Investor
Certificateholder ” means the holder of record of an
Investor Certificate.

“ Issuer Accounts
” has the meaning specified in the Servicing
Agreement.

“ Issuer Tax Opinion
” has the meaning specified in the Indenture.

“ Master Trust ”
has the meaning specified in the Indenture.

“ Master Trust Tax
Opinion ” has the meaning specified in the
Indenture.

“ Note ” has the
meaning specified in the Indenture.

“ Noteholder ”
has the meaning specified in the Indenture.

“ Note Rating Agency
” has the meaning specified in the Indenture.

“ Note Rating Agency
Condition ” has the meaning specified in the
Indenture.

“ Outstanding Dollar
Principal Amount ” has the meaning specified in the
Indenture.

“ Owner Trustee ”
means Wilmington Trust Company, a Delaware corporation with trust
powers, not in its individual capacity but solely in its capacity
as owner trustee hereunder, and each successor trustee under
Article X , in its capacity as owner trustee hereunder, and
each co-trustee under and to the extent provided in Section
10.05 , in its capacity as owner trustee hereunder.

“ Permitted Affiliate
Transferee ” is defined in Section 3.02
.
 
-3-



“ Person ” has
the meaning specified in the Indenture.

“ Pooling and Servicing
Agreement ” has the meaning specified in the
Indenture.

“ Receivables ”
has the meaning specified in the Servicing Agreement.

“ Regulation AB ”
means Subpart 229.1100 – Asset Backed Securities (Regulation
AB), 17 C.F.R. §§229.1100-229.1125, as such may be
amended from time to time, and subject to such clarification and
interpretation as have been provided by the Commission in the
adopting releases (Asset-Backed Securities, Securities Act Release
No. 33-8518, 70 Fed. Reg. 1,506 (Jan. 7, 2005);
Asset-Backed Securities Disclosure and Registration, Securities Act
Release No. 33–9638, 79 Fed. Reg. 57,184 (September 24,
2014)) or by the staff of the Commission, or as may be provided by
the Commission or its staff from time to time.

“ Repurchase Reporting
Series ” has the meaning specified in the
Indenture.

“ Repurchase Rules and
Regulations ” is defined in is defined in subsection
12.03(a) .

“ Requirements of Law
” means, for any Person, the certificate of incorporation or
articles of association and by-laws or other organizational or
governing documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule or
regulation, or determination of an arbitrator or Governmental
Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person
or to which such Person is subject, whether federal, state or local
(including without limitation, usury laws, the Federal Truth in
Lending Act and Regulation Z and Regulation B of the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System).

“ Responsible Officer
” means, when used with respect to the Owner Trustee, any
officer within the Corporate Trust Office of the Trustee Bank (or
any successor group of the Trustee Bank), including any Vice
President or any other officer of the Trustee Bank customarily
performing functions similar to those performed by any person who
at the time will be an above-designated officer and who will have
direct responsibility for the administration of this
Agreement.

“ RFC VIII ”
means American Express Receivables Financing Corporation VIII LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company, and its successors and
assigns.

“ Secretary of State
” means the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware.

“ Securities Act
” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

“ Securitization
Transaction ” means any transaction involving a new
issuance of notes pursuant to the Indenture, whether
publicly offered or privately placed, rated or
unrated.

“ Series ” has
the meaning specified in the Indenture.

“ Series Supplement
” has the meaning specified in the Indenture.
 
-4-



“ Servicer ” has
the meaning specified in the Servicing Agreement.

“ Servicing Agreement
” means the Second Amended and Restated Servicing Agreement,
dated as of July 29, 2016, among the Trust, as Issuer, RFC VIII, as
Transferor, TRS, as Servicer and Administrator, and The Bank of New
York Mellon, as Indenture Trustee, as the same may be amended,
restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to
time.

“ Tranche ” has
the meaning specified in the Indenture.

“ Transaction Documents
” means the Indenture, any Indenture Supplement thereto, the
Certificate of Trust, this Agreement, the Transfer Agreement
(including any assignments and reassignments related thereto) and
the Servicing Agreement and other documents delivered in connection
herewith and therewith, as the same may be amended, restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.

“ Transfer ” has
the meaning specified in Section 3.02 hereof (and related
terms shall take their corresponding meaning, e.g.,
“Transferee” shall refer to a Person to whom a Transfer
occurs, and “Transferred” shall signify being the
subject of a Transfer).

“ Transfer Agreement
” means the Second Amended and Restated Transfer Agreement,
dated as of July 29, 2016, among the Trust, as Issuer, RFC VIII, as
Transferor, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Indenture Trustee,
as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time.

“ Transferor ”
means (a) RFC VIII or its successors under the Transfer Agreement
and (b) any Additional Transferor or Additional Transferors to the
extent permitted under the Transfer Agreement. References to
“each Transferor” shall refer to each entity mentioned
in the preceding sentence and references to “the
Transferor” shall refer to all of such entities.

“ Transferor Interest
” has the meaning specified in the Transfer
Agreement.

“ TRS ” means
American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc., a New York
corporation, and its successors and assigns.

“ Trust ” means
the statutory trust heretofore created by the Original Trust
Agreement and the filing of the Certificate of Trust with the
Secretary of State and continued under and pursuant to the Delaware
Statutory Trust Act and this Agreement.

“ Trust Estate ”
has the meaning specified in Section 2.06 .

“ Trustee Bank ”
means Wilmington Trust Company in its individual capacity, each
bank appointed as successor Owner Trustee under Article X in
its individual capacity and each bank appointed as co-trustee under
and to the extent provided in Section 10.05 in its
individual capacity.

“ UCC ” means the
Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of Delaware and
any other applicable jurisdiction.
 
-5-



Section 1.02. Other Definitional
Provisions . (a) Capitalized terms used herein and not
otherwise defined have the meanings specified in the Transfer
Agreement or the Servicing Agreement or, if not defined therein, in
the Indenture.

(b) All terms defined in this
Agreement will have the defined meanings when used in any
certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto
unless otherwise defined therein.

(c) As used in this Agreement and in
any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto
or thereto, accounting terms not defined in this Agreement or in
any such certificate or other document, and accounting terms partly
defined in this Agreement or in any such certificate or other
document to the extent not defined, will have the respective
meanings given to them under GAAP. To the extent that the
definitions of accounting terms in this Agreement or in any such
certificate or other document are inconsistent with the meanings of
such terms under GAAP, the definitions contained in this Agreement
or in any such certificate or other document will
control.

(d) The words “hereof,”
“herein,” “hereunder,” and words of similar
import when used in this Agreement will refer to this Agreement as
a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement;
Section and Exhibit references contained in this Agreement are
references to Sections and Exhibits in or to this Agreement unless
otherwise specified; and the term “including” will mean
“including without limitation.”

(e) The definitions contained in
this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural
forms of such terms and to the masculine as well as to the feminine
and neuter genders of such terms.

ARTICLE II

ORGANIZATION

Section 2.01. Name . The
Trust heretofore created and continued hereby is named
“American Express Issuance Trust II,” under which name
the Trust, the Owner Trustee, the Administrator or the Beneficiary
may conduct any activities and business of the Trust contemplated
hereby, execute contracts and other instruments on behalf of the
Trust and sue and be sued on behalf of the Trust.

Section 2.02. Office . The
office of the Trust will be in care of the Owner Trustee at the
Corporate Trust Office or at such other address in the State of
Delaware as the Owner Trustee may designate by written notice to
the Beneficiary and the Transferor.

Section 2.03. Purposes and
Powers; Trust To Operate as a Single Purpose Entity . (a) The
purpose of the Trust is to engage solely in a program of acquiring
the Trust Estate and issuing Notes under the Indenture and related
activities. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Trust may and will have the power and authority to:

(i) acquire and hold the Trust
Estate;
 
-6-



(ii) from time to time, grant a
security interest in the Trust Estate, and grant a security
interest in accounts established for the benefit of indebtedness of
the Trust under the Indenture;

(iii) from time to time, authorize
and approve the issuance of, and to execute, deliver and issue,
Notes pursuant to the Indenture without limitation as to aggregate
amounts and, in connection therewith, determine the terms and
provisions of such Notes and of the issuance and sale thereof,
including the following:

(A) determining the principal amount
of the Notes;

(B) determining the maturity date of
the Notes;

(C) determining the rate of
interest, if any, to be paid on the Notes;

(D) determining the price or prices
at which such Notes will be sold by the Trust;

(E) determining the provisions, if
any, for the redemption or amortization of such Notes;

(F) determining the form, terms and
provisions of the indentures, fiscal agency agreements or other
instruments under which the Notes may be issued and the banks or
trust companies to act as trustees, fiscal agents and paying agents
thereunder,

(G) preparing and filing all
documents necessary or appropriate in connection with the
registration of the Notes under the Securities Act, the
qualification of indentures under the Trust Indenture Act of 1939,
as amended, and the qualification under any other applicable
federal, foreign, state, local or other governmental
requirements;

(H) preparing any prospectus,
offering memorandum, private placement memorandum or other
descriptive material relating to the offering or issuance of the
Notes;

(I) listing the Notes on any United
States or non-United States securities exchange;

(J) entering into one or more
interest rate, basis, credit default or currency swaps, caps,
collars, guaranteed investment contracts or other derivative
agreements with counterparties to manage interest rate, basis or
currency risk relating to the Notes;

(K) entering into one or more
supplemental credit enhancement agreements or liquidity
agreements;
 
-7-



(L) appointing a paying agent or
agents for purposes of payments on the Notes; and

(M) arranging for the underwriting,
subscription, purchase or placement of the Notes and selecting
underwriters, managers and purchasers or agents for that
purpose;

(iv) from time to time, receive
payments and proceeds with respect to the Trust Estate and the
Indenture and either invest or distribute those payments and
proceeds;

(v) from time to time, make deposits
to and withdrawals from accounts established under the
Indenture;

(vi) from time to time, make and
receive payments pursuant to derivative agreements, supplemental
credit enhancement agreements and supplemental liquidity
agreements;

(vii) from time to time, make
payments on the Notes;

(viii) from time to time, acquire
additional collateral to be included in the Trust
Estate;

(ix) from time to time, perform such
obligations and exercise and enforce such rights and pursue such
remedies as may be appropriate by virtue of the Trust being party
to any of the agreements contemplated in clauses (i) through (viii)
above;

(x) execute, deliver and perform the
Transaction Documents to which it is to be a party, the Notes and
any Transferor Certificates, and all other documents, certificates
and agreements necessary or incidental in connection therewith
(including, without limitation, the documents listed in
subsection 2.03(b) );

(xi) issue the Transferor Interest
to the Transferor in accordance with subsection 4.04(a) and
any Transferor Certificates in accordance with subsection
4.04(b) ; and

(xii) subject to compliance with the
Transaction Documents, engage in such other related activities as
may be required or convenient in connection with conservation of
the Trust Estate and the making of payments to the Noteholders and
distributions to the applicable Transferor.

In connection with any of the
foregoing, the Trust may (x) execute and deliver, and/or accept,
such instruments, agreements, certificates, UCC financing
statements and other documents, and create such security interests,
as may be necessary or desirable in connection therewith, and (y)
subject to the terms of this Agreement, take such other action as
may be necessary or incidental to the foregoing.
 
-8-



(b) Notwithstanding any other
provision of this Agreement, the Trust, and each of the
Beneficiary, on behalf of the Trust, and the Owner Trustee, on
behalf of the Trust, is hereby authorized and will have the power
to execute and deliver from time to time loan agreements,
underwriting agreements, terms agreements, selling agent
agreements, note purchase agreements and other purchase agreements,
private placement agreements, swap and other derivative agreements,
including performance agreements, indentures, indenture
supplements, terms documents, notes, security agreements and other
agreements and instruments as are consistent with the purposes of
the Trust. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
the Trust, and each of the Beneficiary, on behalf of the Trust, and
the Owner Trustee, on behalf of the Trust, is specifically
authorized to execute and deliver without any further act, vote or
approval, and notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement, the Delaware Statutory Trust Act or other applicable
law, rule or regulation, agreements, documents or securities
relating to the purposes of the Trust, including:

(i) the Transaction Documents and
each Issuer Certificate (as defined in the Indenture), including
all amendments thereto;

(ii) the Notes;

(iii) each interest rate, basis or
currency swap, cap, collar, guaranteed investment contract or other
derivative agreement, including agreements related thereto, between
the Trust and a counterparty to manage interest rate, basis or
currency risk relating to the Notes, including all amendments
thereto;

(iv) any certificate evidencing the
Transferor Interest, substantially in the form attached as
Exhibit B ;

(v) any documents relating to
listing securities on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange; and

(vi) any other document necessary or
desirable in connection with the fulfillment of the purposes of the
Trust described in, and pursuant to, subsection 2.03(a)
.

The authorization set forth in the
preceding sentence will not be deemed a restriction on the power
and authority of the Beneficiary and the Owner Trustee, on behalf
of the Trust, to execute and deliver other agreements, documents,
instruments and securities or to take other actions on behalf of
the Trust in connection with the fulfillment of the purposes of the
Trust described in, and pursuant to, subsection 2.03(a)
.

(c) Each of the Beneficiary, on
behalf of the Trust, and the Owner Trustee, on behalf of the Trust,
is hereby authorized and will have the power to execute and file
any Periodic Filings on behalf of the Trust.

(d) Either the Owner Trustee or
the Beneficiary will at all times maintain the books, records and
accounts of the Trust separate and apart from those of any other
Person, and will cause the Trust to hold itself out as being a
Person separate and apart from any other Person.
 
-9-



(e) The Trust will not engage
in any business or own any assets unrelated to the purposes of the
Trust.

Section 2.04. Appointment of
Owner Trustee . The Beneficiary hereby appoints Wilmington
Trust Company as Owner Trustee of the Trust effective as of the
date hereof, to have all the rights, powers and duties set forth
herein and in the Delaware Statutory Trust Act.

Section 2.05. Initial Capital
Contribution of Trust Estate . The Beneficiary has heretofore
assigned, granted and transferred over to the Owner Trustee, on
behalf of the Trust, as of the date of the Original Trust
Agreement, the sum of $1. The Owner Trustee hereby acknowledges
receipt in trust from the Beneficiary, as of the date of the
Original Trust Agreement, of the foregoing contribution, which
constitutes the initial Trust Estate.

Section 2.06. Declaration of
Trust . The Owner Trustee hereby declares that it will hold the
contributions described in Section 2.05 , and the other
documents and assets described in Section 2.03 , together
with any payments, proceeds or income of any kind from such
documents or assets or any other source and any other property
transferred, assigned, set over, pledged or otherwise conveyed to,
and held by, the Trust pursuant to this Agreement, the Transfer
Agreement, the Indenture or any Indenture Supplement (collectively,
the “ Trust Estate ”), upon the trust set forth
herein and for the sole use and benefit of the Beneficiary. It is
the intention of the parties hereto that the Trust constitute a
statutory trust under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act and that
this Agreement constitute the governing instrument of such
statutory trust. The parties hereto agree that they will take no
action contrary to the foregoing intention. Effective as of the
date hereof, the Owner Trustee will have all rights, powers and
duties set forth herein and, to the extent not inconsistent
herewith, in the Delaware Statutory Trust Act with respect to
accomplishing the purposes of the Trust.

Section 2.07. Title to Trust
Estate . Legal title to all of the Trust Estate will be vested
at all times in the Trust as a separate legal entity.

Section 2.08. Situs of Trust
. The Trust will be located in the State of Delaware and
administered in the States of Delaware and New York. All Issuer
Accounts maintained by the Owner Trustee on behalf of the Trust
will be located in the State of Delaware or New York. The Trust
will not have any employees in any state other than Delaware;
provided, however, that nothing herein will restrict or
prohibit the Owner Trustee from having employees within or without
the State of Delaware. Payments will be received by the Trust only
in the State of Delaware or New York, and payments will be made by
the Trust only from the State of Delaware or New York. The only
office of the Trust will be at the Corporate Trust Office in the
State of Delaware.

Section 2.09. Nature of Interest
in the Trust Estate . No Beneficiary will have any legal title
to or right to possession of any part of the Trust Estate. No
Beneficiary, as a beneficial owner of the Trust, has any interest
in specific property of the Trust.

Section 2.10. Tax Matters .
The parties hereto intend that, for income and franchise tax
purposes, the Trust will be treated as a security device and
disregarded as an entity and its assets will be treated as owned in
whole by the Beneficiary, and the parties hereto will
 
-10-


file all their tax returns in a manner
consistent with that intent unless otherwise required by a taxing
authority. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, any tax
elections required or permitted to be made by the Trust under the
Code or otherwise will be made by the Beneficiary. The Trust will
not elect to be treated as a corporation for any tax
purpose.

Section 2.11. Fiscal Year .
The fiscal year of the Trust will end on the last day of December
of each year.

Section 2.12. Closing . The
initial transfer, assignment, set-over, pledge and conveyance of
the Trust Estate took place on October 24, 2012 at the offices of
Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP, 51 West 52nd Street, New
York, New York 10019.

Section 2.13. Books and
Records . The Beneficiary agrees to record and file, at its own
expense, any financing statements (and amendments with respect to
such financing statements when applicable) required to be filed
with respect to the Trust Estate assigned by the Transferor
pursuant to the Transfer Agreement, meeting the requirements of
applicable law in such a manner and in such jurisdictions as are
necessary under the applicable UCC to perfect the transfer,
assignment, set-over, pledge and conveyance of the Trust Estate to
the Trust, and to deliver a file-stamped copy of such financing
statements or amendments or other evidence of such filings to the
Trust (excluding such amendments, which will be delivered promptly
after filing).

Section 2.14. Limitation on
Liability of Transferor and Others . The Transferor and any
director or officer or employee or agent or member of the
Transferor may rely in good faith on the advice of counsel or on
any document of any kind, prima facie properly executed and
submitted by any Person respecting any matters arising hereunder.
The Transferor, in its capacity as such, will not be under any
obligation to appear in, prosecute or defend any legal action that
will not be incidental to its obligations under this Agreement, and
that in its opinion may involve it in any expense or liability. The
Beneficiary, as beneficial owner of the Trust, will be entitled to
the same limitation of personal liability extended to stockholders
of private corporations for profit organized under the General
Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, 8 Del . C .
§§ 101 et seq .

Section 2.15. Representations and
Warranties of each Beneficiary . Each Beneficiary hereby
represents and warrants to the Owner Trustee that:

(a) Such Beneficiary is duly
organized or incorporated and validly existing in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or
incorporation and has, in all material respects, full power and
authority to own its properties and to conduct its business as
presently owned or conducted.

(b) Such Beneficiary has full power
and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under
this Agreement and all of the transactions contemplated hereby and
in the other Transaction Documents to which such Beneficiary is a
party, and has taken all necessary limited liability company action
to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by it of this
Agreement; such Beneficiary has full power and authority to assign
the property to be
 
-11-


assigned to and deposited with the Trust
pursuant to Section 2.05 of this Agreement, Section
2.1 of the Transfer Agreement and the granting clause of the
Indenture.

(c) The execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement by such Beneficiary does not violate
any provision of any existing law or regulation applicable to such
Beneficiary or any order or decree of any court to which such
Beneficiary is subject or the organizational documents of such
Beneficiary, or any material mortgage, security agreement,
indenture, contract or other agreement to which such Beneficiary is
a party or by which such Beneficiary or any significant portion of
such Beneficiary’s properties is bound (other than violations
of such laws, regulations, orders, decrees, mortgages, security
agreements, indentures, contracts and other agreements which,
individually or in the aggregate, in such Beneficiary’s
reasonable judgment, would not have a material adverse effect on
such Beneficiary’s ability to perform its obligations under
this Agreement).

(d) The execution and delivery by
such Beneficiary of this Agreement, the performance by such
Beneficiary of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and
the fulfillment by such Beneficiary of the terms hereof will not
conflict with or violate in any material way any Requirements of
Law applicable to such Beneficiary.

(e) There is no litigation,
investigation or administrative proceeding before any court,
tribunal, regulatory body presently pending, or, to the best
knowledge of such Beneficiary, threatened, against such Beneficiary
with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated
hereby and there is no litigation or proceeding against such
Beneficiary or any significant portion of its properties which
would, individually or in the aggregate, in such
Beneficiary’s reasonable belief, have a material adverse
effect on the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement.

ARTICLE III

BENEFICIAL
INTEREST

Section 3.01. Initial
Ownership . The Beneficiary is the sole beneficial owner of the
Trust.

Section 3.02. Restrictions on
Transfer . The Beneficial Interest is initially beneficially
owned by RFC VIII. Transfers of all or a portion of the Beneficial
Interest may be made between RFC VIII and any other Person who is
an Affiliate of RFC VIII (a “ Permitted Affiliate
Transferee ”) upon delivery to the Master Trust Trustee
and the Owner Trustee of an Issuer Tax Opinion and a Master Trust
Tax Opinion with respect to such Transfer. To the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law, the Beneficiary may not sell,
participate, transfer, assign, exchange or otherwise pledge,
hypothecate, rehypothecate or dispose of or convey, or grant a
security interest in, all or any part of its right, title and
interest in and to (each such action, a “ Transfer
”) the Beneficial Interest to any other Person, except to any
Permitted Affiliate Transferee. Any purported Transfer by a
Beneficiary of all or any part of its right, title and interest in
and to the Beneficial Interest to any Person will be effective only
upon the issuance of an Issuer Trust Tax Opinion and a Master Trust
Tax Opinion (each as defined in the Indenture), which will not be
an expense of the Owner Trustee and the satisfaction of
any
 
-12-


additional conditions to the designation of an
Additional Transferor provided in Section 2.8 of the
Transfer Agreement. To the extent permitted by applicable law, any
purported Transfer by a Beneficiary of all or any part of its
right, title and interest in and to the Beneficial Interest which
is not in compliance with the terms of this Section 3.02
will be null and void.

ARTICLE IV

DISTRIBUTIONS OF
FUNDS

Section 4.01. Distribution of
Funds . All funds received by the Trust to the extent not
encumbered by the Indenture or any Indenture Supplement and
otherwise available for distribution (or if encumbered by the
Indenture, which have been released by the relevant parties
benefiting from such encumbrance) will be distributed to the
Beneficiary.

Section 4.02. Payments from Trust
Estate Only . All payments to be made by the Trust under this
Agreement will be made only from the income and the capital
proceeds derived from the Trust Estate and only to the extent that
the Trust will have received income or capital proceeds from the
Trust Estate. The Beneficiary agrees that it will look solely to
the income and capital proceeds derived from the Trust Estate (to
the extent available for payment as herein provided) and that,
except as specifically provided herein, the Owner Trustee will not
be subject to any liability in its individual capacity under this
Agreement to the Beneficiary or to any other Person.

Section 4.03. Method of
Payment . All amounts payable to the Beneficiary pursuant to
this Agreement will be paid by the Owner Trustee on behalf of the
Trust to the Beneficiary or a nominee therefor in such manner as
the Beneficiary may from time to time designate in written
instructions to the Owner Trustee. All funds received by the Owner
Trustee on behalf of the Trust not later than 2:00 p.m. (New York
City time) on a Business Day will be applied by the Owner Trustee
on that Business Day. Funds received after that time will be
applied on the next following Business Day.

Section 4.04. Transferor
Interest; Transferor Certificates .

(a) The Transferor will hold the
Transferor Interest having such rights as are set forth in this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. Such Transferor
Interest includes the right to receive amounts specified in the
Indenture, any Indenture Supplement, the Transfer Agreement and the
Servicing Agreement to be distributed to the holders of the
Transferor Interest.

(b) At the election of the
Transferor (which election may, from time to time, be changed or
otherwise revised by the Transferor upon written notice by the
Transferor to the Owner Trustee), a Transferor Certificate
representing the Transferor’s interest in the Transferor
Interest may be issued to the Transferor in registered form,
substantially in the form attached as Exhibit B (the
“ Transferor Certificate ”). The Transferor
Certificate will not entitle its holder to any benefit under this
Agreement, or be valid for any purpose, unless there will appear on
such Transferor Certificate a certificate of authentication
substantially in the form provided in Exhibit B ,
executed by the Owner Trustee or the Owner Trustee’s
authentication agent, by manual
 
-13-


signature; such authentication will constitute
conclusive evidence that the Certificate will have been duly
authenticated and delivered hereunder. Each Transferor
Certificate will be dated the date of its
authentication.

(c) To the fullest extent permitted
by applicable law, neither the Transferor Certificates (or any
interest therein) nor any Transferor Interest (or any interest
therein) may be sold, transferred, assigned, participated, pledged
or otherwise disposed of to any Person; provided ,
however , that a Transferor Certificate (or any interest
therein) may be sold, transferred, assigned, participated, pledged
or otherwise disposed of if the transferor thereof has provided the
Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee with an Issuer Tax Opinion
and, if applicable, a Master Trust Tax Opinion, relating to such
sale, transfer, assignment, participation, pledge or other
disposition; provided further that any transfer by a
Transferor of all or any part of its right, title and interest in
and to the Transferor Interest to American Express Credit
Corporation (or any subsidiary thereof) will not require delivery
of an Issuer Tax Opinion.

(d) If (i) a mutilated Transferor
Certificate will be surrendered to the Owner Trustee, or if the
Owner Trustee will receive evidence to its satisfaction of the
destruction, loss or theft of a Transferor Certificate and (ii) in
the case of a destroyed, lost or stolen Transferor Certificate,
there will be delivered to the Owner Trustee (as such and in its
individual capacity) such security or indemnity as may be required
by it to save it harmless, then the Owner Trustee on behalf of the
Trust will execute and the Owner Trustee will authenticate and
deliver, in exchange for or in lieu of the mutilated, destroyed,
lost or stolen Transferor Certificate, a new Transferor Certificate
of like tenor and denomination. In connection with the issuance of
any new Transferor Certificate under this
subsection 4.04(d) , the Owner Trustee may require the
payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental
charge or expense that may be imposed in connection therewith. Any
duplicate Transferor Certificate issued pursuant to this
subsection 4.04(d) will constitute conclusive evidence
of ownership in the Trust, as if originally issued, whether or not
the lost, stolen or destroyed Transferor Certificate will be found
at any time.

ARTICLE V

ACTIONS BY OWNER
TRUSTEE

Section 5.01. Prior Notice to
Beneficiary and Transferor with Respect to Certain Matters
. With respect to the following matters, unless otherwise
instructed by the Beneficiary and the Transferor, the Owner Trustee
will not take action unless at least 30 days before the taking of
such action the Owner Trustee will have notified the Beneficiary
and the Transferor:

(a) the initiation of any claim or
lawsuit by the Trust (other than an action to collect on any
Receivable) and the settlement of any action, claim or lawsuit
brought by or against the Trust (other than an action to collect on
any Receivable);

(b) the election by the Trust to
file an amendment to the Certificate of Trust;
 
-14-



(c) the amendment of the Indenture
by a supplemental indenture in circumstances where the consent of
any Noteholder is required;

(d) the amendment of the Indenture
by a supplemental indenture in circumstances where the consent of
any Noteholder is not required and such amendment materially
adversely affects the interest of the Beneficiary or the
Transferor;

(e) the amendment, change or
modification of the Transfer Agreement or the Servicing Agreement,
except to cure any ambiguity or to amend or supplement any
provision in a manner that would not materially adversely affect
the interests of the Beneficiary or the Transferor; or

(f) the appointment pursuant to the
Indenture of a replacement or successor Note Registrar or Indenture
Trustee, or the consent to the assignment by the Note Registrar or
Indenture Trustee of its obligations under the
Indenture.

Section 5.02. Restrictions on
Power . The Owner Trustee will not be required to take or
refrain from taking any action if such action or inaction would be
contrary to any obligation of the Trust or the Owner Trustee under
any of the Transaction Documents or would be contrary to
Section 2.03 .

ARTICLE VI

AUTHORITY AND DUTIES OF OWNER
TRUSTEE

Section 6.01. Action Upon
Instructions .

(a) It is the intention of the
Beneficiary that the powers and duties of the Owner Trustee are to
be purely ministerial only. Accordingly, subject to
subsections 6.01(b) and 6.01(c) , and Article
VII , the Beneficiary will direct the Owner Trustee in the
management of the Trust and the Trust Estate. Such direction
will be exercised at any time only by written instruction of the
Beneficiary delivered to the Owner Trustee pursuant to this
Article VI . Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement, but subject to Section 2.03 , the Owner
Trustee will not take any action including but not limited to the
execution of any documents, certificates or other instruments
(other than the Transaction Documents and any documents,
certificates or other instruments attached thereto or contemplated
thereby), unless it receives written instructions from the
Beneficiary.

(b) The Owner Trustee will take such
action or actions as may be specified in any instructions
del


 








 


















Trust Agreement, Trust Contracts - Free Legal Documents (page 1 Of 78)

















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   > Trust Agreement    

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents













SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>








Trust Agreements 





	These Trust Agreements are actual legal documents drafted by top law firms for their clients. Use them for competitive intelligence, drafting documents or to get information about transactions within a particular industry or sector. We have millions of legal documents and clauses that you can search for free.	



1) TRUST AGREEMENT AMONG ALLY AUTO ASSETS LLC, DEPOSITOR BNY MELLON TRUST OF DELAWARE, OWNER TRUSTEE AND THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS PAYING AGENT DATED AS OF MARCH 29, 2017Parties: ALLY AUTO ASSETS LLC | BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 3/31/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
2) AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENTParties: FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TRUST 2017-A | BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON | FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TWO LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/30/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
3) AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENTParties: FORD CREDIT AUTO LEASE TWO LLC | BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON 
								
								Document Date: 3/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
4) TRUST AGREEMENT AMONG ALLY AUTO ASSETS LLC, DEPOSITOR BNY MELLON TRUST OF DELAWARE, OWNER TRUSTEE AND THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS PAYING AGENT DATED AS OF MARCH 29, 2017Parties: ALLY AUTO ASSETS LLC | BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 3/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
5) TRUST SALE AGREEMENT BETWEEN ALLY AUTO ASSETS LLC DEPOSITOR AND ALLY AUTO RECEIVABLES TRUST 2017-2 ISSUING ENTITY DATED AS OF MARCH 29, 2017Parties: ALLY AUTO ASSETS LLC | Closing Date, Ally Bank | DEUTSCHE BANK NATIONAL TRUST COMPANY | DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY 
								
								Document Date: 3/23/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
6) CNH EQUIPMENT TRUST 2017-A PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: CNH CAPITAL RECEIVABLES LLC | CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL AMERICA LLC 
								Law Firm: Greenberg Traurig
								Document Date: 3/22/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
7) CNH EQUIPMENT TRUST 2017-A PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: CNH CAPITAL RECEIVABLES LLC | CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL AMERICA LLC 
								Law Firm: Greenberg Traurig
								Document Date: 3/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
8) TRUST AGREEMENTParties: CNH EQUIPMENT TRUST 2017-A | Citibank, NA | CNH CAPITAL RECEIVABLES LLC | WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY 
								
								Document Date: 3/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
9) CNH EQUIPMENT TRUST 2017-A PURCHASE AGREEMENTParties: CNH EQUIPMENT TRUST 2017-A | CNH CAPITAL RECEIVABLES LLC | CNH INDUSTRIAL CAPITAL AMERICA LLC 
								Law Firm: Greenberg Traurig
								Document Date: 3/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
10) TRUST AGREEMENTParties: CNH CAPITAL RECEIVABLES LLC | Citibank, NA | WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY 
								
								Document Date: 3/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
11) AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENTParties: TOYOTA AUTO FINANCE RECEIVABLES LLC | ADMINISTRATOR, TOYOTA MOTOR CREDIT CORPORATION, TOYOTA AUTO FINANCE RECEIVABLES LLC | Corporate Trust Services 
								
								Document Date: 3/15/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
12) TRUST AGREEMENTParties: WORLD OMNI AUTO LEASING LLC | DEPOSITOR, ANY AFFILIATE | MUFG Union Bank, NA | US BANK TRUST NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 3/15/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
13) FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED DECLARATION OF TRUST AND TRUST AGREEMENT OF EQUINOX FRONTIER FUNDS A Delaware Statutory TrustParties: EQUINOX FRONTIER BALANCED FUND | Equinox Frontier Funds | Equinox Fund Management, LLC | Frontier Fund Management LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

14) FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED DECLARATION OF TRUST AND TRUST AGREEMENT OF EQUINOX FRONTIER FUNDS A Delaware Statutory TrustParties: EQUINOX FRONTIER FUNDS | Equinox Fund Management, LLC | Frontier Fund Management LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/10/2017

15) FORM OF AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENTParties: TOYOTA AUTO FINANCE RECEIVABLES LLC | ADMINISTRATOR, TOYOTA MOTOR CREDIT CORPORATION, TOYOTA AUTO FINANCE RECEIVABLES LLC | Corporate Trust Services 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
16) TRUST AGREEMENTParties: WORLD OMNI LT | DEPOSITOR, ANY AFFILIATE | MUFG Union Bank, NA | US BANK TRUST NATIONAL ASSOCIATION | WORLD OMNI AUTO LEASING LLC 
								
								Document Date: 3/9/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
17) MODERN MEDIA ACQUISITION CORP. and CONTINENTAL STOCK TRANSFER  TRUST COMPANY FORM OF WARRANT AGREEMENT Dated as of , 2017Parties: MODERN MEDIA ACQUISITION CORP. | Continental Stock Transfer  Trust Company | MODERN MEDIA ACQUISITION CORP | Modern Media Sponsor, LLC 
								Law Firm: Jones Day
								Document Date: 3/8/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
18) JOHN DEERE OWNER TRUST 2017 TRUST AGREEMENT between JOHN DEERE RECEIVABLES, INC. Depositor and WELLS FARGO DELAWARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A. Owner Trustee Dated as of March 1, 2017Parties: JOHN DEERE OWNER TRUST 2017 | Deere  Company | John Deere Receivables, Inc | US Bank National Association 
								
								Document Date: 3/2/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
19) AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENT amongParties: CREDIT ACCEPTANCE CORP | CREDIT ACCEPTANCE FUNDING LLC | Trust and US BANK TRUST NATIONAL ASSOCIATION | WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								Law Firm: Skadden Arps
								Document Date: 3/1/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
20) LCI INDUSTRIES GRANTOR TRUST AGREEMENTParties: LCI INDUSTRIES | WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017

21) AMENDMENT TO THE TRUST AGREEMENT Establishing theParties: ZIONS BANCORPORATION /UT/ | Prudential Bank | Prudential Financial, Inc, CIGNA Bank  Trust Company 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Connecticut
22) SEVENTH AMENDMENT TO TRUST AGREEMENT BETWEEN FIDELITY MANAGEMENT TRUST COMPANY AND ZIONS BANCORPORATIONParties: ZIONS BANCORPORATION /UT/ | Fidelity Management Trust Company 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017

23) SIXTH AMENDMENT TO TRUST AGREEMENT BETWEEN FIDELITY MANAGEMENT TRUST COMPANY AND FMC CORPORATIONParties: FMC CORP | Fidelity Management Trust Company | FMC Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 2/28/2017

24) AMENDED AND RESTATED 80% COINSURANCE TRUST AGREEMENT Dated as of March 31, 2016 amongParties: PRIMERICA, INC. | Bank of New York Mellon | PECAN RE INC | Primerica Life Insurance Company 
								Law Firm: DLA Piper;Debevoise Plimpton
								Document Date: 2/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Massachusetts
25) SILVER BAY REALTY TRUST CORP. ANNOUNCES AGREEMENT TO BE ACQUIRED BY TRICON CAPITAL GROUP INC. IN $1.4 BILLION ALL-CASH TRANSACTION; REPORTS STRONG FOURTH QUARTER AND FULL YEAR 2016 FINANCIAL RESULTSParties: SILVER BAY REALTY TRUST CORP. | Silver Bay Realty Trust Corp | Tricon Capital Group Inc 
								Law Firm: Orrick Herrington
								Document Date: 2/27/2017

26) JOHN DEERE OWNER TRUST 2017 TRUST AGREEMENT between JOHN DEERE RECEIVABLES, INC. Depositor and WELLS FARGO DELAWARE TRUST COMPANY, N.A. Owner Trustee Dated as of March 1, 2017Parties: JOHN DEERE OWNER TRUST 2017 | Deere  Company | John Deere Receivables, Inc | US Bank National Association 
								
								Document Date: 2/24/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
27) INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENTParties: MATLIN  PARTNERS ACQUISITION CORP | Cantor Fitzgerald  Co | Continental Stock Transfer  Trust Company | Investment Management | Matlin  Partners Acquisition Corporation 
								
								Document Date: 2/15/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
28) TRUST AGREEMENT AMONG ALLY AUTO ASSETS LLC, DEPOSITOR BNY MELLON TRUST OF DELAWARE, OWNER TRUSTEE AND THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS PAYING AGENT DATED AS OF JANUARY 31, 2017Parties: ALLY AUTO ASSETS LLC | BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 2/2/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
29) SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENTParties: FORD CREDIT AUTO OWNER TRUST 2017-A | FORD CREDIT AUTO RECEIVABLES TWO LLC | US BANK TRUST NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 1/27/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
30) TRUST AGREEMENT [BETWEEN][AMONG] ALLY AUTO ASSETS LLC, DEPOSITOR [AND] BNY MELLON TRUST OF DELAWARE, OWNER TRUSTEE [AND THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS PAYING AGENT]1Parties: ALLY AUTO ASSETS LLC | BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 1/26/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
31) TRUST SALE AGREEMENTParties: ALLY AUTO ASSETS LLC | Closing Date, Ally Bank | DEUTSCHE BANK NATIONAL TRUST COMPANY | DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY 
								
								Document Date: 1/26/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
32) INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENTParties: FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. II | Cantor Fitzgerald  Co | Continental Stock Transfer  Trust Company | FinTech Acquisition Corp | Investment Management 
								
								Document Date: 1/25/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
33) SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENTParties: FORD CREDIT AUTO OWNER TRUST 2017-A | FORD CREDIT AUTO RECEIVABLES TWO LLC | US BANK TRUST NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 1/20/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
34) VORNADO REALTY TRUST 2017 OUTPERFORMANCE PLAN AWARD AGREEMENTParties: VORNADO REALTY LP | VORNADO REALTY TRUST 
								
								Document Date: 1/20/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
35) TRUST SUPPLEMENT NO. 2017-1A Dated as of January 13, 2017 between AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC., and WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, as Trustee, to PASS THROUGH TRUST AGREEMENT Dated as of September 16, 2014 American Airlines Pass Through Trust 2017-1A American Airlines Pass Through Certificates, Series 2017-1AParties: AMERICAN AIRLINES INC | AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC | CEDE  CO | Wilmington Trust Company 
								
								Document Date: 1/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
36) TRUST SUPPLEMENT NO. 2017-1AA Dated as of January 13, 2017 between AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC., and WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, as Trustee, to PASS THROUGH TRUST AGREEMENT Dated as of September 16, 2014 American Airlines Pass Through Trust 2017-1AA American Airlines Pass Through Certificates, Series 2017Parties: AMERICAN AIRLINES INC | AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC | CEDE  CO | Wilmington Trust Company 
								
								Document Date: 1/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
37) TRUST SUPPLEMENT NO. 2017-1B Dated as of January 13, 2017 between AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC., and WILMINGTON TRUST COMPANY, as Trustee, to PASS THROUGH TRUST AGREEMENT Dated as of September 16, 2014 American Airlines Pass Through Trust 2017-1B American Airlines Pass Through Certificates, Series 2017-1BParties: AMERICAN AIRLINES INC | AMERICAN AIRLINES, INC | CEDE  CO | Wilmington Trust Company 
								
								Document Date: 1/17/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
38) LIQUIDATING TRUST AGREEMENTParties: ICON LEASING FUND ELEVEN, LLC | ICON CAPITAL, LLC | NRAI SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 1/5/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
39) LIQUIDATING TRUST AGREEMENTParties: ICON LEASING FUND TWELVE, LLC | ICON CAPITAL, LLC | NRAI SERVICES, LLC 
								
								Document Date: 1/5/2017
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
40) AMENDMENT TO INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENTParties: INSPIRED ENTERTAINMENT, INC. | Continental Stock Transfer  Trust Company | Hydra Industries Acquisition Corp | Investment Management 
								
								Document Date: 12/30/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
41) COLLATERAL TRUST AGREEMENT dated as of October 3, 2016 among TEX OPERATIONS COMPANY LLC, as the Company, the Grantors from time to time party heretoParties: VISTRA ENERGY CORP | 4CHANGE ENERGY COMPANY LLC | BIG BROWN POWER COMPANY LLC | BRIGHTEN ENERGY LLC | COMANCHE PEAK POWER COMPANY LLC | DALLAS POWER  LIGHT COMPANY, INC | DEUTSCHE BANK AG | EFH CORPORATE SERVICES COMPANY | EFH PROPERTIES COMPANY | ENERGY INDUSTRIES COMPANY, INC | FORNEY PIPELINE, LLC | GENERATION SVC COMPANY | LA FRONTERA HOLDINGS, LLC | LONE ST AR PIPELINE COMPANY, INC | LONE STAR ENERGY COMPANY, INC | LUMINANT ENERGY COMPANY LLC | LUMINANT ENERGY TRADING CALIFORNIA COMPANY | LUMINANT ET SERVICES COMPANY LLC | LUMINANT GENERATION COMPANY LLC | Luminant Mining Company, LLC | NCA RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT COMPANY LLC | OAK GROVE MANAGEMENT COMPANY LLC | RAILROAD COMMISSION | SANDOW POWER COMPANY LLC | SOUTHWESTERN ELECTRIC SERVICE COMPANY, INC | TEX ASSET COMPANY LLC | TEX FINANCE CORP | TEX INTERMEDIATE COMPANY LLC | TEX OPERATIONS COMPANY LLC | TEX PREFERRED INC | TXU ELECTRIC COMPANY, INC | TXU ENERGY RETAIL COMPANY LLC | TXU RETAIL SERVICES COMPANY | UTILITIES COMPANY, INC | UTILITIES ELECTRIC COMPANY, INC 
								
								Document Date: 12/23/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
42) INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT TRUST AGREEMENTParties: FINTECH ACQUISITION CORP. II | Cantor Fitzgerald  Co | Continental Stock Transfer  Trust Company | FinTech Acquisition Corp | Investment Management 
								
								Document Date: 12/23/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
43) Second Amended and Restated Depositary Trust AgreementParties: ISHARES SILVER TRUST | BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON | CEDE  CO | Product Management 
								
								Document Date: 12/22/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
44) ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC., AS ISSUER ELAVON FINANCIAL SERVICES DAC, UK BRANCH, AS PAYING AGENT ELAVON FINANCIAL SERVICES DAC, AS TRANSFER AGENT ELAVON FINANCIAL SERVICES DAC, AS REGISTRAR - AND - WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, AS TRUSTEE AGENCY AGREEMENTParties: ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC. | CEDE  CO | ELAVON FINANCIAL SERVICES | WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION | ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS, INC | ZIMMER HOLDINGS, INC 
								
								Document Date: 12/13/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
45) Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated Trust AgreementParties: MEDALLION FINANCIAL CORP | DZ BANK AG | Medallion Funding Corp | MEDALLION FUNDING LLC | US BANK TRUST, NA 
								
								Document Date: 12/13/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
46) GRANTOR TRUST AGREEMENT BETWEEN PENTEGRA TRUST COMPANY AND FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF NEW YORKParties: FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK OF NEW YORK | Federal Home Loan Bank of New York, New York | PENTEGRA TRUST COMPANY | RSGroup Trust Company 
								
								Document Date: 12/9/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Maine
47) SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENT OF COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS AMONG COMPASS GROUP DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS LLC as SponsorParties: COMPASS DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS | ANY OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY | ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION | COMPASS GROUP DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS LLC 
								Law Firm: Richards Layton;Patton Boggs
								Document Date: 12/7/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
48) HUNTINGTON AUTO TRUST 2016-1 AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENT between HUNTINGTON FUNDING, LLC, as the Depositor and CITIBANK, N.A., as the Owner Trustee and CITICORP TRUST DELAWARE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as the Issuer Delaware Trustee Dated as of November 30, 2016Parties: HUNTINGTON AUTO TRUST 2016-1 | CEDE  CO | CITIBANK, NA | HUNTINGTON FUNDING, LLC | Huntington National Bank | WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 12/1/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
49) FOURTH AMENDMENT TO INDEMNIFICATION TRUST AGREEMENTParties: J C PENNEY CO INC | Chemical Bank | J C Penney Company, Inc, J C Penney Corporation, Inc | JPMorgan Chase Bank | SunTrust Bank 
								
								Document Date: 11/30/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:New York
50) HUNTINGTON AUTO TRUST 2016-1 AMENDED AND RESTATED TRUST AGREEMENT between HUNTINGTON FUNDING, LLC, as the Depositor and CITIBANK, N.A., as the Owner Trustee and CITICORP TRUST DELAWARE, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as the Issuer Delaware Trustee Dated as of November 30, 2016Parties: HUNTINGTON AUTO TRUST 2016-1 | CEDE  CO | CITIBANK, NA | HUNTINGTON FUNDING, LLC | Huntington National Bank | WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
								
								Document Date: 11/29/2016
								
								
								Governing Law:Delaware
 




Browse by StateGo directly to a specific page of results:123456789101112131415161718192021222324252627282930313233343536373839404142434445464748495051525354555657585960616263646566676869707172737475767778 
 
 

 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















Factor Outstanding Invoices -










































Accounts Receivable Factoring That's Fast. Get control of your cash flow in as little as 24 hours. Factor up to $2,500,000 of oustanding receivables and grow your business. 





Desired Credit Line






Desired Financing Type



















Get started










How it works
Pricing






Trustpilot















Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software












How Invoice Factoring Works with BlueVine









































Toggle navigation






Apply NowSign In(888) 216-9619
Line of Credit
Invoice Factoring
Why BlueVine
About Us

Overview
Team
In The News


(888) 216-9619Sign In







How It Works	






see how blueVine works
Click to watch our short video tour



Fast Funding. Hassle Free.

Open a free account in under two minutes
Applying is free, and takes minutes. The application is completely
online and paperless. There are no long-term contracts or termination fees.
Fund one or more invoices with a click of a button
You decide which invoices from what customers to submit, and only pay for what you use,
so you have complete control over your funding needs.
Get a response within 24 hours for your first advance
Once approved your credit line will be set, and you can use it as needed.
Subsequent funding requests can be approved in as fast as an hour.
Update your customer with your BlueVine Account
You are assigned a PO Box, where you can accept checks, and a bank account where
you can accept electronic payments, both in your business name.
Receive the funds directly to your bank account
Choose ACH as your payment option for 1-2 day delivery or choose wire for same
day availability. Use the funds to run, manage & grow your business!
 



Free Up Your Cash Today
Apply Now


BlueVine works with the most popular accounting software






Don’t use accounting software, yet? Not a problem! Questions? Call us at (888) 216-9619 or view our FAQ



 








Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software










BlueVine FlexCredit - Business Line of Credit









































Toggle navigation






Apply NowSign In(888) 216-9619
Line of Credit
Invoice Factoring
Why BlueVine
About Us

Overview
Team
In The News


(888) 216-9619Sign In







Line of Credit








A fast and flexible business line of credit

Get the security of a true revolving line of credit.  Draw whenever you want, pay only for what you use.


Sign up for free 





Already have an account? Login







Fast cash, always there for you.

Get approved in 24 hours


Draw funds whenever you need


Available credit replenishes as you repay








Draw funds with a click of a button

Access your online dashboard from any computer or mobile device. Draw funds anytime in minutes. Repay in fixed weekly installments over 6 months. 









Our clients give us 5 stars
 Trustpilot 





Transparent fees. Interest as low as 6.9%
Transparent fees.Interest as low as 6.9%
No maintenance fees
No unused credit fees
No prepayment penalties


Sample pricing for $10,000 draw repaid after...




4 weeks
6 months


Total repayment
$10,227
$10,830








Draw from your credit line today


Sign up for free 
Want to speak with a financing advisor?




 








Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software










Contact Us







































Toggle navigation






Apply NowSign In(888) 216-9619
Line of Credit
Invoice Factoring
Why BlueVine
About Us

Overview
Team
In The News


(888) 216-9619Sign In






Contact Us	







 

Call us
(888) 216-9619
Office Hours
Monday through Friday
7am to 4:30pm Pacific Time
 




 









Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



























Fast, Quick, & Fair Business Funding | Instant Business Loans, Cash, & Funding | Business Factoring Services | Fast Capital 360








































































































 
 
 



Programs

Small Business Funding
Merchant Cash Advances
Business Line of Credit
Bad Credit Loans
SBA Loans
Unsecured Business Funding
Cash Flow
Short Term Business Funding
Working Capital
Microloans


Why Us?
Company
FAQs
Reviews
Careers
Contact
  (800) 735-6107
Apply Now
 













 





Exceptional Business Funding That is Fast, Simple & Transparent 

What you need, as soon as you need it. Because that’s what matters. 

Apply Now 


 



 















×
Need a quick estimate?Results within seconds!
Based on this informationYou may qualify for









$


*Please enter in valid Annual Revenue








FastCapital360 will not share your information with 3rd parties.Your security and privacy are our priority.










Ready to get started?
Apply Now
This tool creates an estimate based on your annual revenue and time in business. This is not a guaranteed offer of funding. Whether your business would qualify for funding is subject to full underwriting and lender approval.Need more than the estimate?Call a Business Advisor at (800)-735-6107.

















Apply Take 10 minutes to fill out basic financial information and apply for the amount of funding you need.   


Get Approved 99% of our applicants receive approval status within 1 hour of completing our online application.   


Start Using Your Funds Once approved, cash will be funded to your bank account within 1 business day.   


Get Started! Apply within minutes and get approved today!
Apply Today!   

























We’ve provided over $300 million in funding to more than 12,000 businesses.


Fast & Transparent Funding With Innovation & Reliability




$300 MillionFunded to Businesses

$300 Million Funded to BusinessesSince its inception in 2009, Fast Capital 360 has funded more than $300 million to thousands of businesses across the United States, in hundreds of different industries.   




Expertly TrainedLoyal Personal Advisors 

Expertly Trained Loyal Personal AdvisorsLoyal personal advisors focused on the most efficient way to help grow your business from start to finish. Anytime.  




60 MinutesAverage Approval Time

60 Minutes Average Approval TimeThanks to a cutting-edge, paperless pre-application process, Fast Capital 360 is able to approve most programs in less than an hour.  




We Value Your TimeYour Time is Money

Your Time is MoneyWe value that. Our process is fast and our advisors are always accessible, ready, and responsive.  




300 BusinessesFunded Every Month

300 Business Funded Every MonthOur mission is to be an asset and a resource to businesses. We've assisted an average of 300 businesses every month thus far.
  




Flexible FundsMultiple Options

Flexible Funds with Multiple OptionsOne place, multiple options for inventory, expansion, equipment, working capital and more.  




98%Satisfaction Rating

98% Satisfaction RatingWe put our customers first, and own a 98% satisfaction rating. Check out our reviews on TrustPilot. Trustpilot Reviews  




Data SecurityAdvanced Bank-Grade Security 

We Take Security SeriouslyWe use the most advanced bank-grade security to connect to view your business accounts. We never capture or store your personal information.  Pay Only For What You Use, With No Hidden Costs or Prepayment PenaltiesIntroducing Streamline Revolving Business Credit
Up to $50,000 revolving business credit.
No obligation to take funds.
Straight forward transparent fees with no surprises.
No prepayment penalty.
Borrow more as you repay.
Never pay double interest.

As a small business owner, you require flexibility. Streamline revolving business credit gives you the flexibility to draw the working capital that you need, when you need it. You pay only for the money that you use, with no hidden costs or prepayment penalties. Running a small business is hard. Getting access to the working capital you need is easy.Apply Now!


Getting started is fast, easy, and won’t impact your credit score.





Instant Business Financing: Your Way Forward
Taking your business to the next level requires a few things: hard work, ingenuity, determination and the cash flow to make your vision a reality. Money doesn’t grow on trees, but it does grow companies.
You guide the funding, we provide it. Simple. Quick. Transparent.
In the rapidly-changing world of commerce, businesses require solutions that move just as fast as the economy they are a part of. Cash flow loans shouldn’t require waiting months; they should enable owners and operators to get the job done as soon as they can.
Old-school avenues to small business financing require six-month waiting periods, excellent credit history and filling out dozens of pages of paperwork. Bank loans are often reserved for those with excellent credit, plenty of collateral and the luxury of being able to wait months for approval. Traditional lenders make their process time-consuming and complex, with multiple identity checks and proofs of ownership. Our business financing ethos is different.
Fast Capital 360 gives you the amount of funding you need in days, not weeks or months. We’ve built our business funding company around the idea that you shouldn’t have to wait, you should be able to receive your cash flow quickly.
Since 2009, our instant small business financing services have enabled thousands of companies to realize their fullest potential. We believe in the power of the local economy, and we want to influence it to do great things; that’s why we work with small business owners across the country.  Our instant business loans fuel innovation from coast to coast.
Whether you’re in the market for SBA loans or unsecured funding, we’re here to provide you with the funds you need.


HOW FAST IS FAST?10 minutes stands between you and knowing how much funding you qualify for. Your small business loan can arrive in your bank account in as little as one business day. No collateral required.
The average online application process takes less than 10 minutes and is only a page long. Once your financing program is approved, your working capital funding can arrive by the end of the next business day.
WE KEEP THINGS EASY & QUICKThere are no long clauses to wade through, no complicated terms and conditions, just plain language that clearly defines what you’re getting in a fast approval business loan. Fast Capital 360 is a member of the Responsible Business Lending Coalition; we were founded on the principles of lending fairness and transparency. We aren’t here to put you in debt; we’re here to fund the American dream.
QUALIFICATIONS?To qualify for instant funding, your small business needs to have been in operation for more than a year, have a revenue of at least $180,000, and you need to have a personal credit score of 500 or more. Our quick business lending is unsecured, so you don’t have to pledge personal assets or collateral just to receive a loan.



Get a Business Loan Today
We designed our process around getting small businesses the money they need quickly. Fast is in our name for a reason. Our application takes next to no time so you can get back to doing what you do best — running your business.
We’ve been voted the best small business funding company by CrowdReviews.com because of our dedication to supporting the economy that we are all a part of with fast approval loans.
The process of receiving funding for your expansion, your repairs, your staffing or your vision shouldn’t make running your business any more difficult. This is instant business funding without the hassle. We want you to have your money quick; you probably have better things to do than wait around for an approval letter.
From microloans to new property purchases, our fast funding process has been there for thousands of businesses. We offer multiple business loan options from lending that functions like a credit card to those that work the same as a bank loan, all with cash delivered faster than ever before.
Whether you have questions about receiving instant restaurant funding or your current working capital funding, our small business advisors are standing by six days a week to help.
Business factoring services allow you to know the exact amount you’ll pay and make our funding work even faster. Through our proprietary business analysis, we determine a precise factor rate that is included in our financing program. This business factor rate is included in the fast approval loan. Where banks charge interest rates, our business factoring services clearly outline how much is to be included in each payment from the start to the finish of the term.
Rather than taking out another credit card, our online business lending services allows you a safer alternative that provides you with more accessible business cash and less likelihood of accruing debt. Better than the banks, our commercial financing programs get business owners the money they need faster than anyone else.
A quick business funding solution that encompasses every need? That’s Fast Capital 360.
Still on the fence?
For more information on why Fast Capital 360 is the best choice for shaping your business into what you know it can be, call us today at 800-735-6107 or contact us online.
























  Trustpilot  






Funding Types 




SBA Loans
Online Business Financing
Merchant Cash Advances
Cash Flow Lenders
Business Funding Options







Unsecured Business Funding
Working Capital Financing
Bad Credit Loans
Line of Credit
Inventory Financing
Business Loan For Women



 



 



Our Funding

 Overview 
 Why Choose Us 
 Industries We Serve 
 Do You Qualify 



 



About FC360 




 Working With Us 
 Company 
 Testimonials 
 FAQs 







 Privacy Policy 
 Legal 
 Giving Back 
 Sitemap 
 Contact Us 







Follow Us
FacebookTwitterLinkedin



 



Business Center 




Small Business Blog
Short Term Funding
Small Business Funding
Business Equipment Funding





Contact Us
 Phone: (800) 735-6107


 
 












 Trustpilot 


© Copyright Fast Capital 360. Fast Capital 360 is a D/B/A of iVest 360, LLC. - 95 James Way #113
Southampton, PA 18966
	




















Programs

Small Business Funding
Merchant Cash Advances
Business Line of Credit
Bad Credit Loans
SBA Loans
Unsecured Business Funding
Cash Flow
Short Term Business Funding
Working Capital
Microloans


Why Us?
Company
FAQs
Reviews
Careers
Contact
  (800) 735-6107
Apply Now
































	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































