


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price California Tax-Free Bond Fund (PRXCX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				California Tax-Free Bond Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRXCX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/24/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$11.57
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.00
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/24/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								4.30%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$11.13
							
							-
							
								$12.00
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$622.72

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the California Tax-Free Bond Fund among 
89,
89,
79
and 
64
Muni California Long
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			To provide, consistent with prudent portfolio management, the highest level of income exempt from federal and California state income taxes.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/24/2017)
								
							



						
						
							3.13%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							1.83%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							1.83%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					-1.40%
				
			

				
					-1.40%
				
			


3 Years

				
					3.75%
				
			

				
					3.75%
				
			


5 Years

				
					3.92%
				
			

				
					3.92%
				
			


10 Years

				
					4.70%
				
			

				
					4.70%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 5.52%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							5.52%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							September 15, 1986
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.50%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.50%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			



2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Municipal Bond Funds Offer a Chance for Higher Yields
Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                










Fixed Income Center




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          




















 

$ {headerPrefix } 
























Navigating Global Bond Markets















Navigating Global Bond Markets

 / 























The Global Bond Markets Are Changing





The global bond market is undergoing a series of profound changes, challenging the traditional role of income and stability that bonds have played and creating new opportunities. We believe investors should understand these changes and adapt their portfolios to the new fixed-income landscape.











Interest Rates May Challenge Investors
 






Opportunities Exist Across the Globe, Across the Spectrum
 






Divergence in Global Growth
 






Lower Liquidity, May Mean Higher Volatility
 











Can Your Portfolio Keep Up?





We believe investors should consider dynamic and flexible fixed income investments that attempt to neutralize or even benefit from rising interest rates. Investors should also consider strategies that seek value across all sectors of the global fixed income market, allowing them to diversify geographically and take advantage of diverging growth patterns.  Overall investors may prefer highly liquid mutual funds for their long-term investments, not individual bonds, and money market funds for their short-term investments.









Explore Our Products





GS Strategic Income Fund

	       A Flexible Global Bond Portfolio Designed to Serve as a Core Income-Oriented Investment
	    

GSZIX 





GS Dynamic Municipal Income Fund

	       Helps Navigate a Changing Municipal Bond Market
	    

GSMTX 





GS Global Income Fund

	       A U.S. Dollar-Hedged Fund that Provides Access to Global High-Quality Bonds
	    

GSGLX 





GS High Quality Floating Rate Fund

	       A Money Market Fund Seeking a High Level of Current Income With Low Volatility of Principal
	    

GSARX 










The GSAM Global Fixed Income Team





In the past, fixed income managers only had to make three investment decisions: the direction of interest rates, the allocation to government and corporate bonds, and the selection of individual securities. Today, multiple factors may impact the global bond markets making a skilled manager essential.
The GSAM Global Fixed Income team has experience actively investing across the global spectrum. With more than 225 investment professionals located in major markets around the world, including New York, London and Tokyo, the team has the breadth and depth to cover every sector of the global fixed income market, employing industry-leading risk management capabilities with proprietary risk models comprising more than 800 unique risk factors. With more than $471 billion in assets under management, the team pursues strong, consistent performance across the fixed income market. 










Related Insights















 Markets Brace for Bear Case

 There are grounds for concern and potential drivers of volatility in 2016. However, we still see opportunities in select areas and relative value strategies. 


















												Where We See Value in High Yield Bonds
											


We believe select areas of the high-yield bond market can offer attractive compensation relative to today’s increased fundamental risk.










												Three Reasons to Consider Global Bonds Now
											


Having a purely domestic bond exposure may have served investors well in the past, but we believe a changing fixed-income landscape creates a new logic to consider international bonds.

















                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               


















































2017 Investment Outlook




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in










Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          

















2017 Investment Outlook


































The Long Cycle Continues





We expect the long post-crisis economic recovery to continue in 2017. As a base case, we think growth is poised to broaden out to more countries, with the global economy drawing on more sources of strength than at any point since 2010.
From an investment perspective, our base case view is broadly supportive for risk assets. We prefer equities over credit and credit over rates, but we expect low returns from these traditional exposures given 1) elevated valuations, 2) limited upside for corporate earnings from current levels and 3) limits to economic growth potential. Broadening exposure beyond conventional stocks and bonds, identifying opportunities in emerging markets and deploying more dynamic asset allocation strategies are some ways to adapt.
In some respects, our outlook represents an extension of the same long cycle we envisioned heading into 2016. The key difference for 2017 revolves around four emerging transitions. Populism is challenging globalism and creating new tail risks. Concerns about low growth are giving way to concerns about inflation. Years of focus on monetary policy are giving way to a close watch over fiscal policy. And concerns about new regulation are acceding to hopes for de-regulation.
Transition will be an evolving theme in 2017, and we will be re-visiting it in our publications throughout the year. In this Investment Outlook, we highlight specific signposts we will be watching, both to gauge the pace of transition and to test our base case view on the key investment questions.









Three Key Questions







Is it time to de-risk?
Is it time to de-risk?
No. We think de-risking would be premature, at
least from a purely return-generating standpoint. We
expect the macro environment to remain supportive
of risk assets during 2017 amid a slow-but-steady
expansion in developed markets and an acceleration
of growth in some emerging markets.

VIEW MORE



What’s driving the expansion?
What’s driving the expansion?
We believe this is a slow-growth recovery best
explained by cyclical economic drivers. We believe
the concerns about the developed world being mired
in a pattern of underinvestment and stalled growth—
so-called secular stagnation—are overdone.

VIEW MORE



Where do we see opportunities?
Where do we see opportunities?
In a low-return world, we look for sources of
return beyond conventional stock and bond market
approaches. We also think range-bound or volatile
markets create opportunities for more dynamic
investment strategies.

VIEW MORE






 
 






Transitions We’re Watching in 2017


















												Globalism to Populism
											



The biggest transition in the current environment is a shift away from globalism to a rising populist trend.















												Stagnation to Inflation
											



We expect concerns around potential secular stagnation to give way to a more inflationary paradigm in the US.















												Monetary to Fiscal Policy
											



The focus for stimulus is shifting toward fiscal spending, as central banks are stretching toward the limits of their easing ability.
















												Regulation to De-Regulation
											



We see the potential for greater regulatory divergence globally and the potential for competitive de-regulation.









2017 GDP Forecasts by Country, Region and Market (%)
We expect the prolonged expansion phase of the growth cycle to continue in 2017
 










Source: GSAM. As of January 2017.






Our 12-Month Cross-Asset Views Compared to 2016
We favor equities and emerging market assets over corporate credit and government bonds
 










Source: GSAM Global Portfolio Solutions (GPS) as of December 2016 and are subject to change. Chart reflects GPS relative asset allocation views and may not be representative of each GSAM portfolio team’s view on opportunities within individual markets.






Related Items











2017 INVESTMENT OUTLOOK
Download the full publication

 
													DOWNLOAD
												





2017 INVESTMENT OUTLOOK CHARTBOOK
Download the chartbook

 
													DOWNLOAD
												















                        
                        
                            Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Featured Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Perspectives
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               




SOLUTIONS FOR






                        
                        
                            About GSAM
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Overview
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News and Media
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Careers
		           		 
					     
						    



















































Fund Finder




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








						 Account Access








Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          








											Mutual Funds
										



















  
  
  










0 Funds found





Filters








Quick sets















ASSET CLASS








Equity








Back








All Equity






Domestic Large





Domestic Small/Medium





Domestic All Cap





International Large





International Small/Medium





International All Cap








Fixed Income








Back








All Fixed Income






Short Duration/Government






Single Sector






Municipal/Tax-Free






Multi-Sector









Alternatives






Commodities






Real Estate / Infrastructure






Portfolio Solutions








Back








All Portfolio Solutions






Target Date









Money Markets








Back








All Money Markets






Taxable






Tax Free











SHARE CLASS








For all asset classes








Back









A





C





Institutional





Institutional Retirement





Retirement





Service







Admin





Separate Account





R6





Advisor





Preferred








For money market funds








Back









Institutional





Select





Preferred





Capital





Admin





Premier







Service





Resource





CMS





C





A





R6










MORNINGSTAR RATINGS










4 & 5 Stars






3, 4 & 5 Stars






All Rated








Morningstar Categories








Back








Morningstar Categories







Allocation--30pct to 50pct Equity





Allocation--85pct+ Equity





Bank Loan





Commodities Broad Basket





Corporate Bond





Diversified Emerging Mkts





Emerging Markets Bond





Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond





Energy Limited Partnership





Foreign Large Blend





Foreign Large Growth





Foreign Large Value





Foreign Small/Mid Value





Global Real Estate







High Yield Bond





High Yield Muni





Inflation-Protected Bond





Infrastructure





Intermediate Government





Intermediate-Term Bond





Large Blend





Large Growth





Large Value





Long-Short Credit





Long-Short Equity





Managed Futures





Mid-Cap Blend





Mid-Cap Growth







Mid-Cap Value





Multialternative





Muni National Interm





Muni National Short





Nontraditional Bond





Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stk





Real Estate





Short Government





Short-Term Bond





Small Blend





Small Growth





Small Value





Tactical Allocation





Target-Date 2020







Target-Date 2025





Target-Date 2030





Target-Date 2035





Target-Date 2040





Target-Date 2045





Target-Date 2050





Target-Date 2055





Technology





Ultrashort Bond





World Allocation





World Bond





World Large Stock











LIPPER RANKING










Top 25%






Top 50%






All Lipper








Lipper Categories








Back








Equity Categories











Emerging Markets Funds





Equity Income Funds





Global Multi-Cap Core





International Equity Income Funds





International Multi-Cap Core





International Small/Mid-Cap Core





Large-Cap Core Funds





Large-Cap Growth Funds





Large-Cap Value Funds





Mid-Cap Core Funds







Mid-Cap Growth Funds





Multi-Cap Core Funds





Multi-Cap Growth Funds





Multi-Cap Value Funds





Pacific Ex Japan Funds





Science & Technology Funds





Small-Cap Core Funds





Small-Cap Growth Funds





Small-Cap Value Funds










Fixed Income Categories











Alternative Credit Focus Funds





Core Bond Funds





Core Plus Bond Funds





Corporate Debt Funds BBB-Rated





Emerging Markets Local Currency Debt Fds





Emerging Mrkts Hard Currency Debt Funds





General U.S. Government Funds





Global Income Funds





High Yield Funds





High Yield Municipal Debt Funds







Inflation Protected Bond Funds





Intermediate Municipal Debt Funds





Intermediate U.S. Government Funds





Loan Participation Funds





Short Municipal Debt Funds





Short U.S. Government Funds





Short-Intmdt Investment Grade Debt Funds





U.S. Mortgage Funds





Ultra-Short Obligations Funds










Alternatives Categories











Absolute Return Funds





Alternative Credit Focus Funds





Alternative Long/Short Equity Funds







Alternative Managed Futures Funds





Alternative Multi-Strategy Funds





Flexible Portfolio Funds










Commodities Categories











Commodities General Funds


















Real Estate / Infrastructure











Energy MLP Funds





Global Infrastructure Funds





Global Real Estate Funds







International Real Estate Funds





Real Estate Funds










Portfolio Solutions Categories











Flexible Portfolio Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2020 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2025 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2030 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2035 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2040 Funds







Mixed-Asset Target 2045 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2050 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2055+ Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Agg Gro Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Growth Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Moderate Funds










Daily Liquid Alternatives Categories











Alternative Other Funds


























Quick sets








Featured Funds






Star Performers






Recently Viewed Funds













Reset




Save




DEFAULT SELECTIONS








Loading Fund Finder data...


No results match your criteria. Try broadening your search. Reset filters. Or go back to previous results.


Error loading page.  Please accept our apologies.




Performance
Prices
Characteristics
Fund Facts










New fund































                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Products
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Prospectuses
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               



















































GSAM Connect



















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          
















GSAM CONNECT 

GSAM CONNECT 


Putting US Equity Valuations in Context
Valuations are high by conventional metrics, but defensible in context – as long as investors lower their return expectations.































 REFINE RESULTS



Posts Found








 REFINE RESULTS











Asset Class









Currencies





Equity





Fixed Income





Government Bonds







Market Strategy









Emerging Markets





Equities





Fixed Income





Valuations







Portfolio Strategy









Asset Allocation





Portfolio Construction





Risk Management
















SUBSCRIBE TO GSAM CONNECT
Sign up to receive alerts when new posts are published






												SUBSCRIBE
											










Posts Found




Reset



DEFAULT SELECTIONS







Loading Blog Posts...


No results match your criteria. Try broadening your search. 
   		 Reset filters. Or go back to 
  		 previous results.
















                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               


















































Fund Finder




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          








											Mutual Funds
										



















  
  
  










0 Funds found





Filters








Quick sets















ASSET CLASS








Equity








Back








All Equity






Domestic Large





Domestic Small/Medium





Domestic All Cap





International Large





International Small/Medium





International All Cap








Fixed Income








Back








All Fixed Income






Short Duration/Government






Single Sector






Municipal/Tax-Free






Multi-Sector









Alternatives






Commodities






Real Estate / Infrastructure






Portfolio Solutions








Back








All Portfolio Solutions






Target Date









Money Markets








Back








All Money Markets






Taxable






Tax Free











SHARE CLASS








For all asset classes








Back









A





C





Institutional





Institutional Retirement





Retirement





Service







Admin





Separate Account





R6





Advisor





Preferred








For money market funds








Back









Institutional





Select





Preferred





Capital





Admin





Premier







Service





Resource





CMS





C





A





R6










MORNINGSTAR RATINGS










4 & 5 Stars






3, 4 & 5 Stars






All Rated








Morningstar Categories








Back








Morningstar Categories







Allocation--30pct to 50pct Equity





Allocation--85pct+ Equity





Bank Loan





Commodities Broad Basket





Corporate Bond





Diversified Emerging Mkts





Emerging Markets Bond





Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond





Energy Limited Partnership





Foreign Large Blend





Foreign Large Growth





Foreign Large Value





Foreign Small/Mid Value





Global Real Estate







High Yield Bond





High Yield Muni





Inflation-Protected Bond





Infrastructure





Intermediate Government





Intermediate-Term Bond





Large Blend





Large Growth





Large Value





Long-Short Credit





Long-Short Equity





Managed Futures





Mid-Cap Blend





Mid-Cap Growth







Mid-Cap Value





Multialternative





Muni National Interm





Muni National Short





Nontraditional Bond





Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stk





Real Estate





Short Government





Short-Term Bond





Small Blend





Small Growth





Small Value





Tactical Allocation





Target-Date 2020







Target-Date 2025





Target-Date 2030





Target-Date 2035





Target-Date 2040





Target-Date 2045





Target-Date 2050





Target-Date 2055





Technology





Ultrashort Bond





World Allocation





World Bond





World Large Stock











LIPPER RANKING










Top 25%






Top 50%






All Lipper








Lipper Categories








Back








Equity Categories











Emerging Markets Funds





Equity Income Funds





Global Multi-Cap Core





International Equity Income Funds





International Multi-Cap Core





International Small/Mid-Cap Core





Large-Cap Core Funds





Large-Cap Growth Funds





Large-Cap Value Funds





Mid-Cap Core Funds







Mid-Cap Growth Funds





Multi-Cap Core Funds





Multi-Cap Growth Funds





Multi-Cap Value Funds





Pacific Ex Japan Funds





Science & Technology Funds





Small-Cap Core Funds





Small-Cap Growth Funds





Small-Cap Value Funds










Fixed Income Categories











Alternative Credit Focus Funds





Core Bond Funds





Core Plus Bond Funds





Corporate Debt Funds BBB-Rated





Emerging Markets Local Currency Debt Fds





Emerging Mrkts Hard Currency Debt Funds





General U.S. Government Funds





Global Income Funds





High Yield Funds





High Yield Municipal Debt Funds







Inflation Protected Bond Funds





Intermediate Municipal Debt Funds





Intermediate U.S. Government Funds





Loan Participation Funds





Short Municipal Debt Funds





Short U.S. Government Funds





Short-Intmdt Investment Grade Debt Funds





U.S. Mortgage Funds





Ultra-Short Obligations Funds










Alternatives Categories











Absolute Return Funds





Alternative Credit Focus Funds





Alternative Long/Short Equity Funds







Alternative Managed Futures Funds





Alternative Multi-Strategy Funds





Flexible Portfolio Funds










Commodities Categories











Commodities General Funds


















Real Estate / Infrastructure











Energy MLP Funds





Global Infrastructure Funds





Global Real Estate Funds







International Real Estate Funds





Real Estate Funds










Portfolio Solutions Categories











Flexible Portfolio Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2020 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2025 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2030 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2035 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2040 Funds







Mixed-Asset Target 2045 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2050 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2055+ Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Agg Gro Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Growth Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Moderate Funds










Daily Liquid Alternatives Categories











Alternative Other Funds


























Quick sets








Featured Funds






Star Performers






Recently Viewed Funds













Reset




Save




DEFAULT SELECTIONS








Loading Fund Finder data...


No results match your criteria. Try broadening your search. Reset filters. Or go back to previous results.


Error loading page.  Please accept our apologies.




Performance
Prices
Characteristics
Fund Facts










New fund































                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               



















































Goldman Sachs Active Beta ETFs



















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          

















 

 


Goldman Sachs ETFs



































ACTIVEBETA®
1 of 4





ACCESS BONDS
2 of 4





HEDGE INDUSTRY
3 of 4





TREASURY ACCESS
4 of 4













Next Generation of ETF Investing

                Over the last two decades, investors have increasingly turned to Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) seeking to benefit from a defined strategy, diversified exposure to stocks, tax efficiency and low costs. Today, we combine the potential benefits of ETFs with the advanced strategies of Goldman Sachs Asset Managment (GSAM).
            









What Are the Potential Benefits of ETFs?





ETFs have grown in popularity due to the many benefits they offer: intraday trading ease, relative transparency and a likelihood of tax efficiency—all typically at lower total cost than most actively managed mutual funds.
 











The Four Ts









 
Source: GSAM. For illustrative purposes only.
We note that ETFs are not riskless investments, so investors can lose money. Please see the ETF Risk Disclosures for additional risk considerations in the end disclosures. Ordinary brokerage commissions apply. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns.
Goldman Sachs does not provide legal, tax or accounting advice to its clients. All investors are strongly urged to consult with their legal, tax, or accounting advisors regarding any potential transactions or investments. There is no assurance that the tax status or treatment of a proposed transaction or investment will continue in the future. Tax treatment or status may be changed by law or government action in the future or on a retroactive basis.










Exponential Growth of the ETF Market





Developed in the early 1990s with lower cost, transparency and tax efficiency in mind, today there are ETFs representing both broad and narrow sectors of the market, and hundreds of ways to diversify. With $2 trillion in investor assets, it’s safe to say that ETFs are here to stay.
 







 








Growth of ETFs










 







EXPLORE ETF PRODUCTS 






Next Generation of Equity Index Investing

                GSAM has developed a series of ETFs built on smart beta1 principles—a transparent, rules-based strategy that goes beyond stocks’ market capitalization, resulting in a more economically intuitive way to invest.
            

















 

$ {headerPrefix } 







Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta™ ETFs















Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta™ ETFs

 / 






















Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta™ ETFs





These ETFs are designed to track an ActiveBeta® Index, a proprietary performance-seeking methodology from Goldman Sachs, which tilts towards stocks based on four well-established drivers of performance, often referred to as factors.








The Four Factors














The Advantages of Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta™ Investing









Opportunity to Outperform the Market




To construct the ActiveBeta® Index, GSAM employs a simple, transparent process that helps identify and emphasize stocks within the market-cap weighted universe, potentially providing greater returns.
 









A Diversified Approach




Individual factors can be cyclical in the short run, which may lead to timing and performance challenges. Combining four complementary smart beta factors equally can potentially result in a more consistent investment experience over time.
 









Lower Cost




Not only are ActiveBeta™ ETFs a fraction of the price of most smart beta ETFs, they are also among the most competitively priced products on the market.2











Source: Morningstar and GSAM as of May 16, 2016. For illustrative purposes only.
There is no guarantee that these objectives will be met. ActiveBeta® is a trademark of Goldman Sachs. 9.0 bps (after expense limitation) for ActiveBeta® U.S. Large Cap Equity ETF refers to the Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta® U.S. Large Cap Equity ETF. 9.5 bps for largest ETF by Assets under Management (AUM) refers to the SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY). ALPS Distributors, Inc. is the distributor for the SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY). 35.3 bps refers to the average fund fee for Strategic Beta ETFs in the Morningstar US ETF Large Blend Category and 32.2 bps refers to the average fund fee of index ETFs in the Morningstar US ETF Large Blend Category.








ActiveBeta™ ETFs Brochure
Download the brochure

 
													DOWNLOAD
												










Next Generation Fixed Income Investing

                GSAM now offers the next generation, smart beta Access ETFs that seek better risk-adjusted returns to help meet the needs of today’s fixed income investor.
            









Access ETFs by Goldman Sachs





GSAM’s Access ETFs can help investors build efficient fixed income portfolios. Going a step further than traditional market-value weighted methodology, a smart beta approach selects bonds based on liquidity and customized fundamentals.














The Advantages of Goldman Sachs Fixed Income Investing









Smarter Access to Bond Markets




The index employs a simple, transparent process that helps identify an investible universe, then eliminates issuers with relative deteriorating fundamentals to offer exposure to existing sector or market beta.
 









Seeks Smoother Performance, Less Volatility




As bond investors look for income and diversification, a smart beta approach seeks liquidity while minimizing exposure to factors historically associated with volatility and underperformance.
 









Lower Cost




Access ETFs are among the most competitively priced ETFs on the market. They also offer transparency and can alleviate some of the challenges of buying bonds in the over-the-counter market.3










Source: GSAM and Morningstar. Data as of March 31, 2017. For illustrative purposes only. The GS Access Investment Grade Corporate Bond ETF expense ratio is 14 basis points (bp). Please see the end notes for expense ratio and other important disclosures. Category expense ratios represent category averages for all funds in the corporate bond category as defined by Morningstar. The average net expense ratio for ETFs in the category is 19 bps and for active and passive mutual funds combined, I-Shares only, it is 57 bps.








Access ETFs Brochure
Download the brochure

 
													DOWNLOAD
												









Access to Top Insights

                GSAM developed the Goldman Sachs Hedge Fund VIP Index, which tracks insights from some of the leading thinkers in the hedge fund universe. The Goldman Sachs Hedge Industry VIP ETF seeks to track this index and provides exposure to hedge fund managers’ most important long equity ideas.
            









Introducing the Goldman Sachs Hedge Industry VIP ETF (Ticker: GVIP)





The fund seeks to track the Goldman Sachs Hedge Fund VIP Index, which is constructed in accordance with a rules-based methodology derived from concepts previously developed by Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. The Index is designed to measure the performance of fundamentally-driven hedge fund managers' “Very-Important-Positions” — those positions that appear most frequently among their top 10 long equity holdings. The Goldman Sachs Hedge Industry VIP ETF (Ticker: GVIP) seeks to deliver these high-conviction ideas through the ease, transparency and liquidity of an ETF.









The Advantages of Investing in GVIP














The Fund is not a hedge fund and does not invest in hedge funds.
1. ETFs offer many benefits, including intraday trading, relative transparency and tax efficiency potential, all at typically lower expense ratios than most actively-managed mutual funds.








Hedge Industry VIP ETF Brochure
Download the brochure

 
													DOWNLOAD
												









Access to the Treasury Market

                GSAM developed an ETF that provides access to Treasuries with a maturity of less than a year, which are backed by the full faith and credit of the US Government. Investors in the Goldman Sachs TreasuryAccess 0-1 Year ETF can gain easy access to Treasury markets while avoiding the operational and pricing complexities of US Treasury Auctions and over-the-counter market.
            









Introducing the Goldman Sachs TreasuryAccess 0-1 Year ETF (Ticker: GBIL)





The fund seeks to track the Citi US Treasury 0–1 Year Composite Select Index, which is designed to measure the performance of U.S. Treasury Obligations4 with a maximum remaining maturity of one year. The Goldman Sachs TreasuryAccess 0–1 Year ETF (Ticker: GBIL) provides access to the Treasury market through a lower cost, convenient and transparent ETF. The fund benefits from the experience of the GSAM Liquidity Solutions team, providing trade execution, price negotiation and security selection in the short-term Treasury market.









The Advantages of Investing in GBIL










Any guarantee on U.S Treasury Obligations applies only to the underlying securities of the Fund if held to maturity and not to the value of the Fund’s shares.
Individual shares may only be purchased and sold in secondary market transactions through brokers; shares trade at market prices rather than NAV; shares may trade at a price greater than or less than NAV; and investors may incur commission costs when buying or selling shares.
The Fund is not a money market fund and does not attempt to maintain a stable net asset value.








TreasuryAccess ETF Brochure
Download the brochure

 
													DOWNLOAD
												









Goldman Sachs Exchange-Traded Funds

	       At Goldman Sachs Asset Management, we have a history of investment innovation—grounded in our commitment to provide clients with solutions that keep up with changing times. Our skilled investment teams manage a variety of advanced strategies** that capitalize on our global reach and deep knowledge of the markets. By offering these advanced strategies as Goldman Sachs ETFs, we continue this legacy and lead the way for the next generation of ETF investing.
	    

EXPLORE ETF PRODUCTS 












                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               


















































Fund Finder




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








						 Account Access








Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          








											Mutual Funds
										



















  
  
  










0 Funds found





Filters








Quick sets















ASSET CLASS








Equity








Back








All Equity






Domestic Large





Domestic Small/Medium





Domestic All Cap





International Large





International Small/Medium





International All Cap








Fixed Income








Back








All Fixed Income






Short Duration/Government






Single Sector






Municipal/Tax-Free






Multi-Sector









Alternatives






Commodities






Real Estate / Infrastructure






Portfolio Solutions








Back








All Portfolio Solutions






Target Date









Money Markets








Back








All Money Markets






Taxable






Tax Free











SHARE CLASS








For all asset classes








Back









A





C





Institutional





Institutional Retirement





Retirement





Service







Admin





Separate Account





R6





Advisor





Preferred








For money market funds








Back









Institutional





Select





Preferred





Capital





Admin





Premier







Service





Resource





CMS





C





A





R6










MORNINGSTAR RATINGS










4 & 5 Stars






3, 4 & 5 Stars






All Rated








Morningstar Categories








Back








Morningstar Categories







Allocation--30pct to 50pct Equity





Allocation--85pct+ Equity





Bank Loan





Commodities Broad Basket





Corporate Bond





Diversified Emerging Mkts





Emerging Markets Bond





Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond





Energy Limited Partnership





Foreign Large Blend





Foreign Large Growth





Foreign Large Value





Foreign Small/Mid Value





Global Real Estate







High Yield Bond





High Yield Muni





Inflation-Protected Bond





Infrastructure





Intermediate Government





Intermediate-Term Bond





Large Blend





Large Growth





Large Value





Long-Short Credit





Long-Short Equity





Managed Futures





Mid-Cap Blend





Mid-Cap Growth







Mid-Cap Value





Multialternative





Muni National Interm





Muni National Short





Nontraditional Bond





Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stk





Real Estate





Short Government





Short-Term Bond





Small Blend





Small Growth





Small Value





Tactical Allocation





Target-Date 2020







Target-Date 2025





Target-Date 2030





Target-Date 2035





Target-Date 2040





Target-Date 2045





Target-Date 2050





Target-Date 2055





Technology





Ultrashort Bond





World Allocation





World Bond





World Large Stock











LIPPER RANKING










Top 25%






Top 50%






All Lipper








Lipper Categories








Back








Equity Categories











Emerging Markets Funds





Equity Income Funds





Global Multi-Cap Core





International Equity Income Funds





International Multi-Cap Core





International Small/Mid-Cap Core





Large-Cap Core Funds





Large-Cap Growth Funds





Large-Cap Value Funds





Mid-Cap Core Funds







Mid-Cap Growth Funds





Multi-Cap Core Funds





Multi-Cap Growth Funds





Multi-Cap Value Funds





Pacific Ex Japan Funds





Science & Technology Funds





Small-Cap Core Funds





Small-Cap Growth Funds





Small-Cap Value Funds










Fixed Income Categories











Alternative Credit Focus Funds





Core Bond Funds





Core Plus Bond Funds





Corporate Debt Funds BBB-Rated





Emerging Markets Local Currency Debt Fds





Emerging Mrkts Hard Currency Debt Funds





General U.S. Government Funds





Global Income Funds





High Yield Funds





High Yield Municipal Debt Funds







Inflation Protected Bond Funds





Intermediate Municipal Debt Funds





Intermediate U.S. Government Funds





Loan Participation Funds





Short Municipal Debt Funds





Short U.S. Government Funds





Short-Intmdt Investment Grade Debt Funds





U.S. Mortgage Funds





Ultra-Short Obligations Funds










Alternatives Categories











Absolute Return Funds





Alternative Credit Focus Funds





Alternative Long/Short Equity Funds







Alternative Managed Futures Funds





Alternative Multi-Strategy Funds





Flexible Portfolio Funds










Commodities Categories











Commodities General Funds


















Real Estate / Infrastructure











Energy MLP Funds





Global Infrastructure Funds





Global Real Estate Funds







International Real Estate Funds





Real Estate Funds










Portfolio Solutions Categories











Flexible Portfolio Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2020 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2025 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2030 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2035 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2040 Funds







Mixed-Asset Target 2045 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2050 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2055+ Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Agg Gro Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Growth Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Moderate Funds










Daily Liquid Alternatives Categories











Alternative Other Funds


























Quick sets








Featured Funds






Star Performers






Recently Viewed Funds













Reset




Save




DEFAULT SELECTIONS








Loading Fund Finder data...


No results match your criteria. Try broadening your search. Reset filters. Or go back to previous results.


Error loading page.  Please accept our apologies.




Performance
Prices
Characteristics
Fund Facts










New fund































                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Products
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Prospectuses
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               




















































Overview | Capital Ideas 2017 Outlook - From Capital Group













2017 Outlook: Navigating a World in Transition








2017 Outlook: Navigating a World in Transition




Capital Ideas
Overview
United States
International
Emerging Markets
Fixed Income
Portfolios
















































Economies
Markets
Rates
Politics













		Investors in 2017 are facing a world in transition. The result of the U.S. presidential election and the earlier vote by British citizens to leave the European Union potentially reflect populist sentiment that appears to be challenging the decades-long march of globalization. What’s more, investors are recognizing that aggressive central bank stimulus may have reached its limits, and a transition to fiscal policy is at hand. Where should investors turn in such an environment? Our 2017 Outlook takes a trip around the globe, detailing the most important economic and investment themes as well as the portfolio implications from investing in a changing world.
	

		The global economy continues along its low-growth path, but there are a number of bright spots. In the U.S., despite the political uncertainty, a strengthening consumer is driving stronger growth. A large fiscal stimulus under the new administration could well provide another boost to the U.S. economy. And in many emerging markets the rebound that began in 2016 appears to have momentum, supported by higher commodities prices and structural reforms. Europe remains challenged by uncertainty about the future of the European Union, low growth and high unemployment. 
	

		A seven-year equity bull market has lifted stock valuations in the U.S., but many parts of the world are trading at discounts. Emerging markets and international markets are both below their 10-year average price-to-earnings ratio. Political and economic uncertainty remains, but there are bargains to be found for active investors seeking solid companies at attractive prices.
	

		U.S. government bond yields are near record lows, but are actually quite high relative to the rest of the world. Currently, 10-year Treasuries yield more than 85% of developed market sovereign debt. Even if U.S. rates rise and the new presidential administration’s policies are inflationary, the “lower for longer” trend seems sustainable well into next year while Europe and Japan continue to experiment with negative policy rates and quantitative easing.
	

		Results from the U.S. presidential election and Britain’s vote to leave the European Union highlighted a year where political populism gained momentum. But even amid that uncertainty, markets climbed a wall of worry in 2016. The lesson for this? It’s better to stick to your long-term plan and not get distracted by the latest political drama. Looking ahead, policy changes will affect individual businesses in different ways, so active investors will have an opportunity to build attractive company-by-company portfolios.
	




Next: The Expansion Is Old, but Age Is Just a Number



















Linkedin


Twitter


Facebook


Mail-Inverted






2017 Outlook (PDF)



 












































































American Funds
































































































American Funds
































































































American Funds
































Rush Tax Resolution | Stop Garnishment & Bank Levy, Audit Help, OIC
               



 




wage-garnishment-release
STOP YOUR WAGE GARNISHMENTGet professional help now. Do not take on the IRS or State by yourself.  Our licensed staff will fight for you to negotiate the release of your IRS or State wage garnishment in a RUSH.  Do not go another paycheck period with the IRS taking your hard earned money away from you.MORE INFORMATION ON WAGE GARNISHMENTS
STOP YOUR WAGE GARNISHMENT September 18th, 2016admin


customized-communications-across-devices-platformsSTOP YOUR BANK LEVY September 18th, 2016admin
STOP YOUR BANK LEVYYou must act fast or it could be too late.  The bank may have not sent your money to the IRS or State yet, and we may be able to stop them, but you must call now. Ask to speak directly to our levy release department.  Our staff will RUSH to negotiate the safety of your bank accounts.MORE INFORMATION ON BANK LEVIES



slider


offers-in-compromiseOFFERS IN COMPROMISE February 16th, 2017admin
OFFERS IN COMPROMISEWe have saved our clients hundreds of thousands of dollars by successfully negotiating offers in compromises for them.  This amazing program allows taxpayers to get a fresh start.  Legally reduce your tax liability to a fraction of what is owed.  Click on our blog page, and see chart of actual client results on our February 13, 2017 posting.  We saved our clients over 2 million in 2016 alone! Click button below to see if you qualify, or call now.FREE PRE-QUALIFICATION FOR OFFER IN COMPROMISE



seven-secrets-irs
MUST KNOW!Learn the top audit secrets and how you can legally save THOUSANDS of dollars off on any amount you currently owe.
Click for FREE report

            Resolve your tax problem with the peace of mind that you are in good hands.  MUST KNOW! July 17th, 2017admin


nationwide-tax-reliefWE’RE NATIONWIDE!WE’RE NATIONWIDE! December 5th, 2016admin


you-are-in-good-company
You are in good company!What people are saying about us."I had no idea that Rush would be able to achieve what they did! I had outstanding tax debts spanning more than a decade totaling an amount of more than $200,000. Rush was able to get this entire balance settled for less than $20K, and with a five month payment plan! They always kept me well informed and are all very knowledgeable. I would recommend anyone to RUSH TAX RESOLUTION to all those who are looking for someone to trust with the resolution of their tax situation." - Derek W.Click here to see more testimonials =>



our-clientsWE FIX IRS TAX PROBLEMS!Our Clients July 21st, 2016admin


free-consultation
FREE Consultation FREE IRS Transcript AnalysisSpeak to one of our licensed professionals today and get the relief you deserve.
LEVY AND GARNISHMENT A levy by the IRS or State has the power to actually take your property or income to satisfy a tax debt.  Typically, levies are served on taxpayers in two forms. First, there is the bank levy.The IRS or State sends your bank a notice that freezes your account for up to the tax amount owed. When this happens, it is important that you call us immediately.  Our staff may be able to release the hold on your account before your bank is required to send in the funds.  A second type of levy is a wage garnishment. Unlike a bank levy which is a one time action, a wage garnishment is an ongoing action until the tax debt is paid in full.  Time is not on your side – ask for our Levy and Garnishment Release Department today.TAX LIENTax Liens are a collection technique that the IRS or State often uses.  A legal document gets recorded at the County Recorder’s Office.  It does not immediately take money or property, but it is a claim on it. We stand up for your rights.  First, we know how to vigorously fight for our clients to stop the IRS or State from filing a tax lien in the first place.  Secondly, if one has already been filed, we know how to negotiate the proper resolution to have the lien taken off.  A tax lien can severely damage your credit report. Furthermore, it can prevent you from purchasing property, or refinancing. There are new IRS Fresh Start rules. Our licensed and trained staff are the experts in this area.  Call our lien department now.OFFERS IN COMPROMISE Qualifying for an offer-in-compromise settlement can save you thousands of dollars in taxes, penalties and interest.  An offer-in-compromise is an agreement between a taxpayer and the IRS to settle for less than the full amount owed. This is as close to an amnesty program that the IRS offers, and is a part of their Fresh Start Programs.  Getting an offer in compromise approved is not an easy task, and your submission package must be completed accurately and without any gaps.  Read some of our great testimonials from actual recent clients, and learn how we saved them thousands, while protecting all of their assets.  Call and ask us about our free pre-qualification consultation to see if you qualify for this great opportunity.AUDITSDid you receive an Audit Noticefrom the IRS or from the State?  Do not panic. Do not call the IRS or State without first seeking proper professional assistance. However, you must act fast because the IRS and State issue deadlines that need to be met.  Therefore, the second step is to call us for a free consultation. We have three goals when we handle audits. First, is of course, to try to obtain a zero change.  Secondly, and often more importantly, is to limit the scope of the audit.  We do not want this to escalate to more years and more information required. Finally, if you really do owe the IRS or State, we will negotiate the best resolution possible for you, so that no collection actions will be taken.PAYROLL 940/941 ISSUESSocial Security, Medicare and income tax withholding from employees is of course required.  However, we understand that sometimes hardships can cause cash flow problems.  Failure to file and pay your payroll 941 taxescan lead to large IRS penalties and debt, and may also be considered a federal crime.  The IRS can go after not only the business, but against anybody involved at the company.  If the IRS can’t collect, they will move to shut down the business and sell the assets. We have helped firms of all sizes resolve their payroll tax debt problems. Call our payroll department and we will protect you and your business, and allow you to move on with what you do best, running your business.STATE TAX PROBLEMS State tax issues can be even more stressful than dealing with the IRS. First, most states are more aggressive in their collection tactics and compliance standards than the IRS. Furthermore, they may threaten to restrict your driver’s license, registration or your professional licenses.  Our firm has trained professionals that know how to handle State Income Tax issues, and how to handle State issues with Sales Tax and with the Board of Equalization. A sales tax audit can be extremely invasive, cause disruptions in your business, and can end up costing you thousands of dollars.  Do not take on the State alone – call and get protected by our staff todayFREE Consultation FREE IRS Transcript Analysis December 5th, 2016admin


social-media-testimonials
Stay in touch!
Twitter Follow us on Twitter Facebook Join the Conversation Google Join Our Circle LinkedIn Latest on LinkedIn Stay in touch! December 6th, 2016admin



We want to hear from you!Big or small, we’ve got a solution for your Tax and IRS problems. Our expert services and support make it easy.
Our officeRush Tax Resolution(877) 554 7874info@rushtaxresolution.comAddress 21900 Burbank Blvd.3rd Floor Woodland Hills, CA 91367Click Here for DirectionsWe are waiting to hear from you.




Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Phone Number
Your Message














		California Intermediate-Term Tax-Free Bond Fund - Summary
		
	 | American Century Investments ®
































































/jspincludes/login/login_include.jsp
American Century Investments















/sd/funds/fund_search_json









Loading fund data JavaScript is required to view this data.






Preserve Capital, Fight Taxes. California Intermediate-Term Tax-Free Bond Fund helps preserve wealth and generate income free of state and federal taxes through actively managed positions in investment-grade, intermediate-term municipal bonds.
Invest Now










/sd/customer/portfolio_json
1.800.345.2021




Seeks High Tax-Equivalent Yield
Many investors have turned to municipal bonds in search of yield in today’s low interest rate environment. When taking taxes into consideration, yields offered by municipal bond funds may be more attractive than the yields of comparable taxable investments.
AMT Free
Shareholders won’t be surprised by hidden taxes, like the Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT). The fund’s monthly dividends are truly federal tax free because the management team does not invest in bonds subject to the AMT.
A Note About Risk
The lower-rated securities in which the fund invests are subject to greater default and liquidity risk, because the issuers of high-yield securities are more sensitive to real or perceived economic changes. Interest rate changes are among the most significant factors affecting bond return. Generally, as interest rates rise, the value of the securities held in the fund will decline. The opposite is true when interest rates decline. Investment income may be subject to certain state and local taxes and, depending on your tax status, the federal alternative minimum tax (AMT). Capital gains are not exempt from state and federal income tax. There is no guarantee that the investment objectives will be met. Dividends and yields represent past performance and there is no guarantee that they will continue to be paid.
Diversification does not assure a profit nor does it protect against loss of principal.




 Fund Fact Sheet




More





Rating & Rankings


        Loading Ratings and Rankings ...
        JavaScript is required to view this data






For each fund with at least a three-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund's monthly performance (including the effects of sales charges, loads and redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. Morningstar ratings are based upon Investor class of shares, unless otherwise indicated. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.) The Overall Morningstar Rating™ for a fund is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five- and ten-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.







Loading Lipper Data ... JavaScript is required to view this data.





Fund Management




Steven Permut


            Senior Vice President,
            Senior Portfolio Manager
        

View
            
            Steven's
        Biography
        



Joseph Gotelli


            Vice President,
            Portfolio Manager
        

View
            
            Joseph's
        Biography
        



Alan Kruss


            Vice President,
            Portfolio Manager
        

View
            
            Alan's
        Biography
        







Data reflects past performance for Investor Class shares, assumes reinvestment of dividends and capital gains and is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be higher or lower than data shown. Investment return and principal value fluctuates. Redemption value may be more or less than original cost. Obtain performance data current to the most recent month end. For additional share class information, consult the prospectus. Extraordinary performance is attributable in part to unusually favorable market conditions and may not be repeated or consistently achieved in the future.





Because the fund invests primarily in California municipal securities and securities issued by U.S. territories, its yield and share price will be affected by political and economic developments within the state and territories.
There is no guarantee that all of the fund's income will be exempt from federal or state or local income taxes. The portfolio managers are permitted to invest up to 20% of the fund's assets in debt securities with interest payments that are subject to federal income tax, California state or local income tax and/or the federal alternative minimum tax.
This fund is not available in all states.
W2 If your account falls below the minimum balance, you will be notified and given 90 days to meet the minimum. If the deadline is not met, American Century Investments may redeem the shares in the account and send the proceeds to the address of record.



C

Expense ratios provided are the funds' total annual operating expense ratios, gross of any fee waivers or expense reimbursements. Expense ratios are as of the funds' most current prospectus.





Lipper rankings are based on average annual total returns. Portions of the mutual fund performance information contained on this page were supplied by Lipper, a Thomson Reuters Company, subject to the following: Copyright 2017 © Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Any copying, republication or redistribution of Lipper content, including by caching, framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Lipper. Lipper shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Performance data is preliminary and subject to revision. Rankings are based on all classes available within the classification as of the date shown. Rankings are based only on the universe shown.





©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Certain information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.









Quick Facts

Loading quick facts data... JavaScript is required to view this data.








Distribution





































		California High-Yield Municipal Fund - Summary
		
	 | American Century Investments ®
































































/jspincludes/login/login_include.jsp
American Century Investments















/sd/funds/fund_search_json









Loading fund data JavaScript is required to view this data.






Seeks high current income that is exempt from federal and California income taxes.
Invest Now










/sd/customer/portfolio_json
1.800.345.2021




Goal and Strategy
Total return and current income that is exempt from federal and CA income taxes through high-yield municipal bonds.
Distinguishing Characteristics
Designed to provide shareholders with a high level of California and federal tax-free income while maintaining low exposure to the Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT)
A Note About Risk
The lower-rated securities in which the fund invests are subject to greater default and liquidity risk, because the issuers of high-yield securities are more sensitive to real or perceived economic changes. Interest rate changes are among the most significant factors affecting bond return. Generally, as interest rates rise, the value of the securities held in the fund will decline. The opposite is true when interest rates decline. Investment income may be subject to certain state and local taxes and, depending on your tax status, the federal alternative minimum tax (AMT). Capital gains are not exempt from state and federal income tax. There is no guarantee that the investment objectives will be met. Dividends and yields represent past performance and there is no guarantee that they will continue to be paid.




 Fund Fact Sheet




More





Rating & Rankings


        Loading Ratings and Rankings ...
        JavaScript is required to view this data






For each fund with at least a three-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund's monthly performance (including the effects of sales charges, loads and redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. Morningstar ratings are based upon Investor class of shares, unless otherwise indicated. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.) The Overall Morningstar Rating™ for a fund is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five- and ten-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.







Loading Lipper Data ... JavaScript is required to view this data.





Fund Management




Steven Permut


            Senior Vice President,
            Senior Portfolio Manager
        

View
            
            Steven's
        Biography
        



Joseph Gotelli


            Vice President,
            Portfolio Manager
        

View
            
            Joseph's
        Biography
        



Alan Kruss


            Vice President,
            Portfolio Manager
        

View
            
            Alan's
        Biography
        







Data reflects past performance for Investor Class shares, assumes reinvestment of dividends and capital gains and is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be higher or lower than data shown. Investment return and principal value fluctuates. Redemption value may be more or less than original cost. Obtain performance data current to the most recent month end. For additional share class information, consult the prospectus. Extraordinary performance is attributable in part to unusually favorable market conditions and may not be repeated or consistently achieved in the future.





The lower rated securities in which the fund invests are subject to greater credit risk, default risk and liquidity risk.
Because the fund invests primarily in California municipal securities and securities issued by U.S. territories, its yield and share price will be affected by political and economic developments within the state and territories.
There is no guarantee that all of the fund's income will be exempt from federal or state or local income taxes. The portfolio managers are permitted to invest up to 20% of the fund's assets in debt securities with interest payments that are subject to federal income tax, California state or local income tax and/or the federal alternative minimum tax.
Generally, as interest rates rise, the value of the securities held in the fund will decline. The opposite is true when interest rates decline.
This fund is not available in all states.
W2 If your account falls below the minimum balance, you will be notified and given 90 days to meet the minimum. If the deadline is not met, American Century Investments may redeem the shares in the account and send the proceeds to the address of record.



C

Expense ratios provided are the funds' total annual operating expense ratios, gross of any fee waivers or expense reimbursements. Expense ratios are as of the funds' most current prospectus.





Lipper rankings are based on average annual total returns. Portions of the mutual fund performance information contained on this page were supplied by Lipper, a Thomson Reuters Company, subject to the following: Copyright 2017 © Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Any copying, republication or redistribution of Lipper content, including by caching, framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Lipper. Lipper shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Performance data is preliminary and subject to revision. Rankings are based on all classes available within the classification as of the date shown. Rankings are based only on the universe shown.





©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Certain information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.









Quick Facts

Loading quick facts data... JavaScript is required to view this data.








Distribution



























American Century California Tax-Free and Municipal Funds - California High Yield Municipal Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 1:18 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of American Century California Tax-Free and Municipal Funds - California High Yield Municipal Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
American Century California Tax-Free and Municipal Funds - California High Yield Municipal Fund is an open ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by American Century Investment Management Inc. The fund invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. It invests in high yield California municipal securities with income payments exempt from federal and California income taxes and are rated below investment grade i.e. BB and below. The fund focuses on factors like credit quality of a particular issuer, comparable alternatives, and general market conditions to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Municipal Bond Index. Ame...
American Century California Tax-Free and Municipal Funds - California High Yield Municipal Fund is an open ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by American Century Investment Management Inc. The fund invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. It invests in high yield California municipal securities with income payments exempt from federal and California income taxes and are rated below investment grade i.e. BB and below. The fund focuses on factors like credit quality of a particular issuer, comparable alternatives, and general market conditions to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Municipal Bond Index. American Century California Tax-Free and Municipal Funds - California High Yield Municipal Fund was formed on December 30, 1986 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


4500 Main StreetKansas City, MO 64111-7709United StatesFounded in 1986



Phone: 816-531-5575

Fax: 816-340-4964

www.americancentury.com/funds/fund_facts.jsp?fund=933







Key Executives for American Century California Tax-Free and Municipal Funds - California High Yield Municipal Fund




Mr. Jonathan Stuart Thomas


      	President and Trustee
      


Age: 54
        







Mr. Robert J. Leach


      	Chief Financial Officer, Vice President and Treasurer
      


Age: 50
        







Mr. Charles A. Etherington


      	Senior Vice President and General Counsel
      


Age: 60
        







Mr. George David MacEwen CFA


      	SVP, Portfolio Mngr, Chairman of the Macro Strategy Team, Chief Investment Officer of Fixed Income
      


Age: 56
        







Mr. Ward D. Stauffer


      	Secretary
      


Age: 56
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

American Century California Tax-Free and Municipal Funds - California High Yield Municipal Fund Key Developments

American Century California Tax-Free and Municipal Funds - California High Yield Municipal Fund, Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Jun 13, 2016
Apr 18 16
American Century California Tax-Free and Municipal Funds - California High Yield Municipal Fund, Special/Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting, Jun 13, 2016, at 09:00 Central Standard Time. Location: American Century Investments' office 4500 Main Street Kansas City, MO 64111 United States Agenda: To elect directors/trustees.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact American Century California Tax-Free and Municipal Funds - California High Yield Municipal Fund, please visit www.americancentury.com/funds/fund_facts.jsp?fund=933.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






































		
		
		 California High-Yield Municipal Fund
		
	 | American Century Investments ®

































































/ipro/login/login_header_body.jsp
American Century Investments















/content/dam/americancentury/ipro/data/ticketSearchJson/ticker_search_intermediary.json









Loading fund data JavaScript is required to view this data.






Seeks high current income that is exempt from federal and California income taxes.

Invest Now










/ipro/personal_homepage/home_page_body





Goal and Strategy
Total return and current income that is exempt from federal and CA income taxes through high-yield municipal bonds.
Distinguishing Characteristics
Designed to provide shareholders with a high level of California and federal tax-free income while maintaining low exposure to the Alternative Minimum Tax (AMT)
A Note About Risk
The lower-rated securities in which the fund invests are subject to greater default and liquidity risk, because the issuers of high-yield securities are more sensitive to real or perceived economic changes. Interest rate changes are among the most significant factors affecting bond return. Generally, as interest rates rise, the value of the securities held in the fund will decline. The opposite is true when interest rates decline. Investment income may be subject to certain state and local taxes and, depending on your tax status, the federal alternative minimum tax (AMT). Capital gains are not exempt from state and federal income tax. There is no guarantee that the investment objectives will be met. Dividends and yields represent past performance and there is no guarantee that they will continue to be paid.




 Fund Fact Sheet




More





Rating & Rankings


        Loading Ratings and Rankings ...
        JavaScript is required to view this data






For each fund with at least a three-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a fund's monthly performance (including the effects of sales charges, loads and redemption fees), placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. Morningstar ratings are based upon Investor class of shares, unless otherwise indicated. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. (Each share class is counted as a fraction of one fund within this scale and rated separately, which may cause slight variations in the distribution percentages.) The Overall Morningstar Rating™ for a fund is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five- and ten-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.







Loading Lipper Data ... JavaScript is required to view this data.





Fund Management




Steven Permut


            Senior Vice President,
            Senior Portfolio Manager
        

View
            
            Steven's
        Biography
        



Joseph Gotelli


            Vice President,
            Portfolio Manager
        

View
            
            Joseph's
        Biography
        



Alan Kruss


            Vice President,
            Portfolio Manager
        

View
            
            Alan's
        Biography
        







Data reflects past performance, assumes reinvestment of dividends and capital gains and is no guarantee of future results. Current performance may be higher or lower than data shown. Investment return and principal value fluctuates. Redemption value may be more or less than original cost. Obtain performance data current to the most recent month end. Extraordinary performance is attributable in part to unusually favorable market conditions and may not be repeated or consistently achieved in the future.





The lower rated securities in which the fund invests are subject to greater credit risk, default risk and liquidity risk.
Because the fund invests primarily in California municipal securities and securities issued by U.S. territories, its yield and share price will be affected by political and economic developments within the state and territories.
There is no guarantee that all of the fund's income will be exempt from federal or state or local income taxes. The portfolio managers are permitted to invest up to 20% of the fund's assets in debt securities with interest payments that are subject to federal income tax, California state or local income tax and/or the federal alternative minimum tax.
Generally, as interest rates rise, the value of the securities held in the fund will decline. The opposite is true when interest rates decline.
This fund is not available in all states.
Only Investor Class shares are made available to investors directly. Advisor, A, C, I, and Y Classes of shares are only available for purchase by institutions or other financial intermediaries. R, R5, and R6 Classes of shares are only available for purchase by group employer-sponsored retirement plans. Review definitions and minimums for all share classes.



B

Please see the prospectus for details about sales charges.



C

Expense ratios provided are the funds' total annual operating expense ratios, gross of any fee waivers or expense reimbursements. Expense ratios are as of the funds' most current prospectus.





Lipper rankings are based on average annual total returns. Portions of the mutual fund performance information contained on this page were supplied by Lipper, a Thomson Reuters Company, subject to the following: Copyright 2017 © Thomson Reuters. All rights reserved. Any copying, republication or redistribution of Lipper content, including by caching, framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Lipper. Lipper shall not be liable for any errors or delays in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon. Performance data is preliminary and subject to revision. Rankings are based on all classes available within the classification as of the date shown. Rankings are based only on the universe shown.





©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Certain information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.









Quick Facts

Loading quick facts data... JavaScript is required to view this data.








Distribution























 








BCITX Composition - American Century California Intermediate-Term Tax-Free Bond Fund Investor Class | Fidelity Investments


























Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 

















You are here: 

Home»
Research»
Mutual Funds »










Prospectus & Reports



Email


 



 Send to (Separate multiple email addresses with commas) 






 Your Email Address 






 Message (Optional) 
  

 


 Important legal information about the email you will be sending. By using this service, you agree to input your real email address and only send it to people you know.										It is a violation of law in some jurisdictions to falsely identify yourself in an email.										All information you provide will be used by Fidelity solely for the purpose of sending the email on your behalf.The subject line of the email you send will be "Fidelity.com: " 




Email






Your email has been sent.







 Share






Clicking a link will open a new window.


Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn






Email
Share

Default text sizeA
Larger text sizeA
Largest text sizeA













American Century California Intermediate-Term Tax-Free Bond Fund Investor Class


Symbol: BCITX




									
										
											No Transaction Fee 1













           		Add to Watch List





				Compare















































Portfolio Diversification 2





		AS OF
		3/31/2017
		
















 
Glossary definition opens in new window.Portfolio Weight


										Muni California Intermediate
										



Municipal Tax-Exempt

										97.49%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	95.82%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Cash & Equivalents

										1.50%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	2.45%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Government Related

										0.59%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	1.26%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Municipal Taxable

										0.42%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.45%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Agency Mortgage-Backed

										0.00%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.00%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Asset-Backed

										0.00%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.00%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Bank Loan

										0.00%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.00%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Commercial Mortgage-Backed

										0.00%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.00%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Convertible

										0.00%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.00%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Corporate Bond

										0.00%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.02%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Covered Bond

										0.00%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.00%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Future/Forward

										0.00%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.00%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Government

										0.00%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.00%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Non-Agency Residential Mortgage-Backed

										0.00%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.00%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Option/Warrant

										0.00%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.00%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Preferred Stock

										0.00%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.00%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										




Swap

										0.00%
										
									

										  
	                            	  	  	0.00%
	                            	  	  
										  
										  
										
















Asset Allocation 2





		
					AS OF 3/31/2017; Morningstar Category: Muni California Intermediate




















								
									
									
										Fund
									
								
							



							Category Average
							







										
										
																		
									Cash

									
									
										1.50%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										2.28%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Convertibles

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.00%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Domestic Bond

									
									
										98.50%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										97.74%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Preferred Stock

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.00%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Foreign Bond

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.00%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Foreign Stock

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.00%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Others

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										-0.01%
																				
							        		 
								    






										
										
																		
									Domestic Stock

									
									
										0.00%
									
									
								    	
										

										
										0.00%
																				
							        		 
								    












Top 10 Holdings 2





       		AS OF 3/31/2017
   			

















	            		   		



	
   	
   	
   		California St Go Bds 5%
   	

            		    	

								
								
									1.02%
								
								
							    	
								



	            		   		



	
   	
   	
   		California St Dept Wtr Res Pwr Pwr Su 5% 05/01/2020
   	

            		    	

								
								
									1.01%
								
								
							    	
								



	            		   		



	
   	
   	
   		Univ Calif Revs For Prev Ltd Proj 0.01%
   	

            		    	

								
								
									0.87%
								
								
							    	
								



	            		   		



	
   	
   	
   		Stockton Calif Uni Sch Dist 5%
   	

            		    	

								
								
									0.82%
								
								
							    	
								



	            		   		



	
   	
   	
   		San Diego Calif Pub Facs Fing Sr Ref 5%
   	

            		    	

								
								
									0.77%
								
								
							    	
								



	            		   		



	
   	
   	
   		California St For Previous Iss Go 0.57%
   	

            		    	

								
								
									0.75%
								
								
							    	
								



	            		   		



	
   	
   	
   		California St For Previous Iss Variou 5%
   	

            		    	

								
								
									0.74%
								
								
							    	
								



	            		   		



	
   	
   	
   		California St Dept Wtr Res Pwr Pwr Su 5% 05/01/2021
   	

            		    	

								
								
									0.73%
								
								
							    	
								



	            		   		



	
   	
   	
   		San Bernardino Calif Cmnty Col Go Bds
   	

            		    	

								
								
									0.67%
								
								
							    	
								



	            		   		



	
   	
   	
   		Metropolitan Wtr Dist 1.28%
   	

            		    	

								
								
									0.63%
								
								
							    	
								




								
									
									
										% of Total Portfolio
									
								
								

8.00%




holdings 715 as of 3/31/2017










Credit Quality 2





           AS OF 3/31/2017
 		









AAA
5.72%


AA
61.78%


A
18.87%


BBB
8.48%


BB
 0.87%


B
0.62%


Below B
0.00%


Not Rated
3.66%













Portfolio Data










Glossary definition opens in new window.30-Day Yield 3



		1.38%
		
		

6/30/2017










Glossary definition opens in new window.Weighted Avg Maturity


		9.03  Years
		
		

3/31/2017










Glossary definition opens in new window.Duration


		5.13  Years
		
		

3/31/2017

















Fixed Income StyleMap®* 4




AS OF 3/31/2017










					Credit Quality
	            







High





Med





Low






Ltd
Mod
Ext







				Interest Rate Sensitivity
            


 Current
                

 Historical
                




Medium Quality Moderate Sensitivity
Hold securities with a medium asset-weighted average credit rating and a moderate sensitivity to interest rate changes as defined by the fund's effective duration, both according to Morningstar's rating system.




*98.5% 
	    
		
			
			
				Fund Assets Covered
			
		
    





Country Diversification 2




AS OF 3/31/2017





United States

			100.00%









Fund Facts












Glossary definition opens in new window.Fiscal Year End

August








					
						
						
							Fund Inception
						
					
				
11/9/1983








Glossary definition opens in new window.Portfolio Net Assets ($M)


					$1,602.22
				

6/30/2017









Glossary definition opens in new window.Share Class Net Assets ($M)


					$1,228.79
				

6/30/2017









					
						
						
							Fund Symbol
						
					
				
BCITX








Glossary definition opens in new window.Order Cutoff Time

04:00 PM EST







Prospectus & Reports








The "Mutual Funds" area at the top of each page allows access to mutual fund holdings with individual and joint Fidelity non-retirement accounts. Individual stock positions, ETFs and 529 funds are not available through this view. For the full list of your holdings visit Portfolio Summary.Mutual Funds are priced as of the previous business day's market close when the market is open. Mutual fund positions are priced as of the official market close (typically 4p.m.) and prices are generally available between 5 p.m. and 6p.m.

Watch a brief video to learn about using the new mutual fund library to evaluate funds

� 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The Morningstar information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or redistributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Fidelity does not review the Morningstar data and, for fund performance, you should check the fund's current prospectus or other product materials for the most up-to-date information concerning applicable loads, fees and expenses.



1. No Transaction Fee funds are available without paying a transaction fee. No Transaction Fee funds will also be offered without a load or on a load waived basis. However, the fund may charge a short term trading fee or a redemption fee. Other fees and expenses, including those which apply to a continued investment in the fund, are described in the fund's current prospectus. Fidelity Brokerage Services LLC ("FBS"), or its affiliates, receives compensation in connection with (i) access to, purchase or redemption of, and/or maintenance of positions in mutual funds and other investment products ("funds"), (ii) infrastructure needed to support such funds as well as additional compensation for shareholder services, start-up fees, infrastructure support and maintenance, and other programs and/or (iii) a fund's attendance at events for FBS's clients and/or representatives, and opportunities for the fund to promote its products and services. This compensation may take the form of sales loads and 12b-1 fees described in the prospectus and/or additional compensation paid by the fund, its investment adviser or an affiliate. Additional information about the source(s) and amount(s) of this compensation as well as any other remuneration received by FBS or its affiliates will be furnished upon request.
2. Any holdings, asset allocation, diversification breakdowns or other composition data shown are as of the date indicated and are subject to change at any time. They may not be representative of the fund's current or future investments. Some breakdowns may be intentionally limited to a particular asset class or other subset of the fund's entire portfolio, particularly in multi-asset class funds where the attributes of the equity and fixed income portions are different. Under the asset allocation section, international (or foreign) assets may be reported differently depending on how an investment options reports its holdings.  Some do not report international (or foreign) holdings here, but instead report them in a "Regional Diversification" section.  Some report them in this section as an to the equity, bond and other allocation shown.  Others report international (or foreign) holding as a subset of the equity and bond allocations shown.  If the allocation without the foreign component (or round to) 100%, then international (or foreign) is a subset of the equity and bond percentage shown.
3. A standard yield calculation developed by the Securities and Exchange Commission for bond funds. The yield is calculated by dividing the net investment income per share earned during the 30-day period by the maximum offering price per share on the last day of the period. The yield figure reflects the dividends and interest earned during the 30-day period, after the deduction of the fund's expenses. It is sometimes referred to as "SEC 30-Day Yield" or "standardized yield".
4. Fixed Income StyleMap� StyleMap� depictions of mutual fund characteristics are produced using data and calculations provided by Morningstar, Inc. StyleMapsSM estimate characteristics of a fund's fixed income holdings over two dimensions: credit quality and interest rate sensitivity.  Current StyleMap characteristics are calculated each time Morningstar receives updated portfolio holdings from a fund and are denoted with a dot. Historical StyleMap characteristics are calculated for the shorter of either the past 3 years or the life of the fund, and are represented by the shading of the box(es) previously occupied by the dot. StyleMap characteristics represent an approximate profile of the fund's holdings, are based on historical data, and are not predictive of the fund's future investments. Although the data are gathered from reliable sources, accuracy and completeness cannot be guaranteed.


Generally, data on Fidelity mutual funds is provided by FMR, LLC, Morningstar ratings and data on non-Fidelity mutual funds is provided by Morningstar, Inc. and data on non-mutual fund products is provided by the product's investment manager, trustee or issuer or the plan sponsor whose plan is offering the product to  participants.  Although Fidelity believes the data gathered from these third-party sources is reliable, it does not review such information and cannot warrant it to be accurate, complete or timely.  Fidelity is not responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this third-party information.

Before investing, consider the investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses of the fund or annuity and its investment options. Contact Fidelity for a free prospectus and, if available, summary prospectus containing this information. Read it carefully.








Find a mutual fund


Search by Fund Name, Fund Symbol, Fund Family, or Top 10 Holding








Similar Funds



Morningstar Category: Muni California Intermediate





				There are no similar Fidelity Fund Picks in this Morningstar Category.
			

Compare funds to BCITX
Compare



						You must select between one and five funds to compare.
					

						You must select between one and four funds to compare.
					




						You may select a maximum of five mutual funds.
					

						You may select a maximum of four mutual funds.
					




				The Fidelity Fund Picks above are sorted by their 3-year performance.			
			





My Mutual Funds




					
						
							In order to view funds in your portfolio, you must first log in . Please note this feature requires that you have a specific type of Fidelity account, such as a brokerage account, IRA, or other non-workplace account.
						
							
					
					







© 1998 - 2017 FMR LLC.All rights reserved.Terms of UsePrivacySecuritySite Map



















Mutual Funds Research | Fidelity Investments









Loading...














Skip to Main Content.
Site navigation
Fidelity.com Home


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 


Search Fidelity.com




 

 



Accounts & Trade



PortfolioLog In Required


Account PositionsLog In Required


TradeLog In Required


Active Trader ProLog In Required


TransferLog In Required


Cash ManagementLog In Required


BillPayLog In Required


Full ViewLog In Required


ProfileLog In Required


Account FeaturesLog In Required


StatementsLog In Required

Tax Information

Retirement DistributionsLog In Required



OFFER See our featured trading offer. Learn more.



Planning & Advice


What We Offer
Financial Basics
Building Savings
Managing & Growing Wealth
Retirement
Life Events



News & Research


News
Watch ListLog In Required
Quotes
AlertsLog In Required
Mutual Funds
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Markets & Sectors
IPOs
Annuities
Learning Center
Notebook
Notebook



Investment Products


Mutual Funds
Retirement & IRAs
Trading
Stocks
Fixed Income, Bonds & CDs
ETFs
Options
Sector Investing
Cash Management & Credit Cards
Managed Accounts
Fidelity Go
529 College Savings
Annuities
Life Insurance & Long Term Care



Why Fidelity


The Fidelity Advantage
Planning & Advice
Trading
Straightforward Pricing
Insights & Tools
Security & Protection


 


Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log In

Customer Service
Open An Account
Refer A Friend
Log Out
 













 You are here: 

Home »
Mutual Funds Research
























Mutual Funds Research


Search funds by name, symbol, family, or Top 10 Holding Find a mutual fund
										










									You need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser to access this content.
								







 Gathering Results


NEW - Organize and track your favorite funds with My Research. Get Started  .


SEARCH AND COMPARE FUNDS








Learn more














* Compared to Morningstar category average








MatchingFunds



























Questions?
800-343-3548

Instant message a representative



Why choose Fidelity?
Investing with Fidelity gives you access to over 10,000 funds from hundreds of fund companies, making it easy to find the right funds for any investment need.

Learn more about investing with Fidelity



Education

What are Mutual Funds?
Types of Mutual Funds



Learn More

My Research 
Fidelity funds daily prices
Browse Fidelity funds
Browse all Funds




























© 1998 – 2015 FMR LLC.
All rights reserved.


Terms of Use


Privacy


Security


Site Map












 









AMERICAN CENTURY CALIFORNIA TAX-FREE AND MUNICIPAL FUNDS - KANSAS CITY, MO - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



MO



KANSAS CITY



Management Investment, Open-End



Mutual Fund Sales, On Own Account



                            AMERICAN CENTURY CALIFORNIA TAX-FREE AND MUNICIPAL FUNDS
                                    



 





















A 


AMERICAN CENTURY CALIFORNIA TAX-FREE AND MUNICIPAL FUNDS
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



4500 MAIN ST KANSAS CITY, MO 64111
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded --
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $730,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Mutual Fund Sales, On Own Account
 Contacts 







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


American Century California Tax-free And Municipal Funds has estimated annual revenues of $730,000.00 and also employs an estimated 2 employees. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







A

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price California Tax-Free Bond Fund (PRXCX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				California Tax-Free Bond Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRXCX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/24/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$11.57
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.00
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/24/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								4.30%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$11.13
							
							-
							
								$12.00
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$622.72

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the California Tax-Free Bond Fund among 
89,
89,
79
and 
64
Muni California Long
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			To provide, consistent with prudent portfolio management, the highest level of income exempt from federal and California state income taxes.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/24/2017)
								
							



						
						
							3.13%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							1.83%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							1.83%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					-1.40%
				
			

				
					-1.40%
				
			


3 Years

				
					3.75%
				
			

				
					3.75%
				
			


5 Years

				
					3.92%
				
			

				
					3.92%
				
			


10 Years

				
					4.70%
				
			

				
					4.70%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 5.52%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							5.52%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							September 15, 1986
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.50%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.50%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			



2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Municipal Bond Funds Offer a Chance for Higher Yields
Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now



































Fixed Income Center




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          




















 

$ {headerPrefix } 
























Navigating Global Bond Markets















Navigating Global Bond Markets

 / 























The Global Bond Markets Are Changing





The global bond market is undergoing a series of profound changes, challenging the traditional role of income and stability that bonds have played and creating new opportunities. We believe investors should understand these changes and adapt their portfolios to the new fixed-income landscape.











Interest Rates May Challenge Investors
 






Opportunities Exist Across the Globe, Across the Spectrum
 






Divergence in Global Growth
 






Lower Liquidity, May Mean Higher Volatility
 











Can Your Portfolio Keep Up?





We believe investors should consider dynamic and flexible fixed income investments that attempt to neutralize or even benefit from rising interest rates. Investors should also consider strategies that seek value across all sectors of the global fixed income market, allowing them to diversify geographically and take advantage of diverging growth patterns.  Overall investors may prefer highly liquid mutual funds for their long-term investments, not individual bonds, and money market funds for their short-term investments.









Explore Our Products





GS Strategic Income Fund

	       A Flexible Global Bond Portfolio Designed to Serve as a Core Income-Oriented Investment
	    

GSZIX 





GS Dynamic Municipal Income Fund

	       Helps Navigate a Changing Municipal Bond Market
	    

GSMTX 





GS Global Income Fund

	       A U.S. Dollar-Hedged Fund that Provides Access to Global High-Quality Bonds
	    

GSGLX 





GS High Quality Floating Rate Fund

	       A Money Market Fund Seeking a High Level of Current Income With Low Volatility of Principal
	    

GSARX 










The GSAM Global Fixed Income Team





In the past, fixed income managers only had to make three investment decisions: the direction of interest rates, the allocation to government and corporate bonds, and the selection of individual securities. Today, multiple factors may impact the global bond markets making a skilled manager essential.
The GSAM Global Fixed Income team has experience actively investing across the global spectrum. With more than 225 investment professionals located in major markets around the world, including New York, London and Tokyo, the team has the breadth and depth to cover every sector of the global fixed income market, employing industry-leading risk management capabilities with proprietary risk models comprising more than 800 unique risk factors. With more than $471 billion in assets under management, the team pursues strong, consistent performance across the fixed income market. 










Related Insights















 Markets Brace for Bear Case

 There are grounds for concern and potential drivers of volatility in 2016. However, we still see opportunities in select areas and relative value strategies. 


















												Where We See Value in High Yield Bonds
											


We believe select areas of the high-yield bond market can offer attractive compensation relative to today’s increased fundamental risk.










												Three Reasons to Consider Global Bonds Now
											


Having a purely domestic bond exposure may have served investors well in the past, but we believe a changing fixed-income landscape creates a new logic to consider international bonds.

















                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               


















































2017 Investment Outlook




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in










Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          

















2017 Investment Outlook


































The Long Cycle Continues





We expect the long post-crisis economic recovery to continue in 2017. As a base case, we think growth is poised to broaden out to more countries, with the global economy drawing on more sources of strength than at any point since 2010.
From an investment perspective, our base case view is broadly supportive for risk assets. We prefer equities over credit and credit over rates, but we expect low returns from these traditional exposures given 1) elevated valuations, 2) limited upside for corporate earnings from current levels and 3) limits to economic growth potential. Broadening exposure beyond conventional stocks and bonds, identifying opportunities in emerging markets and deploying more dynamic asset allocation strategies are some ways to adapt.
In some respects, our outlook represents an extension of the same long cycle we envisioned heading into 2016. The key difference for 2017 revolves around four emerging transitions. Populism is challenging globalism and creating new tail risks. Concerns about low growth are giving way to concerns about inflation. Years of focus on monetary policy are giving way to a close watch over fiscal policy. And concerns about new regulation are acceding to hopes for de-regulation.
Transition will be an evolving theme in 2017, and we will be re-visiting it in our publications throughout the year. In this Investment Outlook, we highlight specific signposts we will be watching, both to gauge the pace of transition and to test our base case view on the key investment questions.









Three Key Questions







Is it time to de-risk?
Is it time to de-risk?
No. We think de-risking would be premature, at
least from a purely return-generating standpoint. We
expect the macro environment to remain supportive
of risk assets during 2017 amid a slow-but-steady
expansion in developed markets and an acceleration
of growth in some emerging markets.

VIEW MORE



What’s driving the expansion?
What’s driving the expansion?
We believe this is a slow-growth recovery best
explained by cyclical economic drivers. We believe
the concerns about the developed world being mired
in a pattern of underinvestment and stalled growth—
so-called secular stagnation—are overdone.

VIEW MORE



Where do we see opportunities?
Where do we see opportunities?
In a low-return world, we look for sources of
return beyond conventional stock and bond market
approaches. We also think range-bound or volatile
markets create opportunities for more dynamic
investment strategies.

VIEW MORE






 
 






Transitions We’re Watching in 2017


















												Globalism to Populism
											



The biggest transition in the current environment is a shift away from globalism to a rising populist trend.















												Stagnation to Inflation
											



We expect concerns around potential secular stagnation to give way to a more inflationary paradigm in the US.















												Monetary to Fiscal Policy
											



The focus for stimulus is shifting toward fiscal spending, as central banks are stretching toward the limits of their easing ability.
















												Regulation to De-Regulation
											



We see the potential for greater regulatory divergence globally and the potential for competitive de-regulation.









2017 GDP Forecasts by Country, Region and Market (%)
We expect the prolonged expansion phase of the growth cycle to continue in 2017
 










Source: GSAM. As of January 2017.






Our 12-Month Cross-Asset Views Compared to 2016
We favor equities and emerging market assets over corporate credit and government bonds
 










Source: GSAM Global Portfolio Solutions (GPS) as of December 2016 and are subject to change. Chart reflects GPS relative asset allocation views and may not be representative of each GSAM portfolio team’s view on opportunities within individual markets.






Related Items











2017 INVESTMENT OUTLOOK
Download the full publication

 
													DOWNLOAD
												





2017 INVESTMENT OUTLOOK CHARTBOOK
Download the chartbook

 
													DOWNLOAD
												















                        
                        
                            Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Featured Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Perspectives
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               




SOLUTIONS FOR






                        
                        
                            About GSAM
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Overview
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News and Media
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Careers
		           		 
					     
						    



















































Fund Finder




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          








											Mutual Funds
										



















  
  
  










0 Funds found





Filters








Quick sets















ASSET CLASS








Equity








Back








All Equity






Domestic Large





Domestic Small/Medium





Domestic All Cap





International Large





International Small/Medium





International All Cap








Fixed Income








Back








All Fixed Income






Short Duration/Government






Single Sector






Municipal/Tax-Free






Multi-Sector









Alternatives






Commodities






Real Estate / Infrastructure






Portfolio Solutions








Back








All Portfolio Solutions






Target Date









Money Markets








Back








All Money Markets






Taxable






Tax Free











SHARE CLASS








For all asset classes








Back









A





C





Institutional





Institutional Retirement





Retirement





Service







Admin





Separate Account





R6





Advisor





Preferred








For money market funds








Back









Institutional





Select





Preferred





Capital





Admin





Premier







Service





Resource





CMS





C





A





R6










MORNINGSTAR RATINGS










4 & 5 Stars






3, 4 & 5 Stars






All Rated








Morningstar Categories








Back








Morningstar Categories







Allocation--30pct to 50pct Equity





Allocation--85pct+ Equity





Bank Loan





Commodities Broad Basket





Corporate Bond





Diversified Emerging Mkts





Emerging Markets Bond





Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond





Energy Limited Partnership





Foreign Large Blend





Foreign Large Growth





Foreign Large Value





Foreign Small/Mid Value





Global Real Estate







High Yield Bond





High Yield Muni





Inflation-Protected Bond





Infrastructure





Intermediate Government





Intermediate-Term Bond





Large Blend





Large Growth





Large Value





Long-Short Credit





Long-Short Equity





Managed Futures





Mid-Cap Blend





Mid-Cap Growth







Mid-Cap Value





Multialternative





Muni National Interm





Muni National Short





Nontraditional Bond





Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stk





Real Estate





Short Government





Short-Term Bond





Small Blend





Small Growth





Small Value





Tactical Allocation





Target-Date 2020







Target-Date 2025





Target-Date 2030





Target-Date 2035





Target-Date 2040





Target-Date 2045





Target-Date 2050





Target-Date 2055





Technology





Ultrashort Bond





World Allocation





World Bond





World Large Stock











LIPPER RANKING










Top 25%






Top 50%






All Lipper








Lipper Categories








Back








Equity Categories











Emerging Markets Funds





Equity Income Funds





Global Multi-Cap Core





International Equity Income Funds





International Multi-Cap Core





International Small/Mid-Cap Core





Large-Cap Core Funds





Large-Cap Growth Funds





Large-Cap Value Funds





Mid-Cap Core Funds







Mid-Cap Growth Funds





Multi-Cap Core Funds





Multi-Cap Growth Funds





Multi-Cap Value Funds





Pacific Ex Japan Funds





Science & Technology Funds





Small-Cap Core Funds





Small-Cap Growth Funds





Small-Cap Value Funds










Fixed Income Categories











Alternative Credit Focus Funds





Core Bond Funds





Core Plus Bond Funds





Corporate Debt Funds BBB-Rated





Emerging Markets Local Currency Debt Fds





Emerging Mrkts Hard Currency Debt Funds





General U.S. Government Funds





Global Income Funds





High Yield Funds





High Yield Municipal Debt Funds







Inflation Protected Bond Funds





Intermediate Municipal Debt Funds





Intermediate U.S. Government Funds





Loan Participation Funds





Short Municipal Debt Funds





Short U.S. Government Funds





Short-Intmdt Investment Grade Debt Funds





U.S. Mortgage Funds





Ultra-Short Obligations Funds










Alternatives Categories











Absolute Return Funds





Alternative Credit Focus Funds





Alternative Long/Short Equity Funds







Alternative Managed Futures Funds





Alternative Multi-Strategy Funds





Flexible Portfolio Funds










Commodities Categories











Commodities General Funds


















Real Estate / Infrastructure











Energy MLP Funds





Global Infrastructure Funds





Global Real Estate Funds







International Real Estate Funds





Real Estate Funds










Portfolio Solutions Categories











Flexible Portfolio Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2020 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2025 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2030 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2035 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2040 Funds







Mixed-Asset Target 2045 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2050 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2055+ Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Agg Gro Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Growth Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Moderate Funds










Daily Liquid Alternatives Categories











Alternative Other Funds


























Quick sets








Featured Funds






Star Performers






Recently Viewed Funds













Reset




Save




DEFAULT SELECTIONS








Loading Fund Finder data...


No results match your criteria. Try broadening your search. Reset filters. Or go back to previous results.


Error loading page.  Please accept our apologies.




Performance
Prices
Characteristics
Fund Facts










New fund































                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               



















































Fund Finder




















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








						 Account Access








Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          








											Mutual Funds
										



















  
  
  










0 Funds found





Filters








Quick sets















ASSET CLASS








Equity








Back








All Equity






Domestic Large





Domestic Small/Medium





Domestic All Cap





International Large





International Small/Medium





International All Cap








Fixed Income








Back








All Fixed Income






Short Duration/Government






Single Sector






Municipal/Tax-Free






Multi-Sector









Alternatives






Commodities






Real Estate / Infrastructure






Portfolio Solutions








Back








All Portfolio Solutions






Target Date









Money Markets








Back








All Money Markets






Taxable






Tax Free











SHARE CLASS








For all asset classes








Back









A





C





Institutional





Institutional Retirement





Retirement





Service







Admin





Separate Account





R6





Advisor





Preferred








For money market funds








Back









Institutional





Select





Preferred





Capital





Admin





Premier







Service





Resource





CMS





C





A





R6










MORNINGSTAR RATINGS










4 & 5 Stars






3, 4 & 5 Stars






All Rated








Morningstar Categories








Back








Morningstar Categories







Allocation--30pct to 50pct Equity





Allocation--85pct+ Equity





Bank Loan





Commodities Broad Basket





Corporate Bond





Diversified Emerging Mkts





Emerging Markets Bond





Emerging-Markets Local-Currency Bond





Energy Limited Partnership





Foreign Large Blend





Foreign Large Growth





Foreign Large Value





Foreign Small/Mid Value





Global Real Estate







High Yield Bond





High Yield Muni





Inflation-Protected Bond





Infrastructure





Intermediate Government





Intermediate-Term Bond





Large Blend





Large Growth





Large Value





Long-Short Credit





Long-Short Equity





Managed Futures





Mid-Cap Blend





Mid-Cap Growth







Mid-Cap Value





Multialternative





Muni National Interm





Muni National Short





Nontraditional Bond





Pacific/Asia ex-Japan Stk





Real Estate





Short Government





Short-Term Bond





Small Blend





Small Growth





Small Value





Tactical Allocation





Target-Date 2020







Target-Date 2025





Target-Date 2030





Target-Date 2035





Target-Date 2040





Target-Date 2045





Target-Date 2050





Target-Date 2055





Technology





Ultrashort Bond





World Allocation





World Bond





World Large Stock











LIPPER RANKING










Top 25%






Top 50%






All Lipper








Lipper Categories








Back








Equity Categories











Emerging Markets Funds





Equity Income Funds





Global Multi-Cap Core





International Equity Income Funds





International Multi-Cap Core





International Small/Mid-Cap Core





Large-Cap Core Funds





Large-Cap Growth Funds





Large-Cap Value Funds





Mid-Cap Core Funds







Mid-Cap Growth Funds





Multi-Cap Core Funds





Multi-Cap Growth Funds





Multi-Cap Value Funds





Pacific Ex Japan Funds





Science & Technology Funds





Small-Cap Core Funds





Small-Cap Growth Funds





Small-Cap Value Funds










Fixed Income Categories











Alternative Credit Focus Funds





Core Bond Funds





Core Plus Bond Funds





Corporate Debt Funds BBB-Rated





Emerging Markets Local Currency Debt Fds





Emerging Mrkts Hard Currency Debt Funds





General U.S. Government Funds





Global Income Funds





High Yield Funds





High Yield Municipal Debt Funds







Inflation Protected Bond Funds





Intermediate Municipal Debt Funds





Intermediate U.S. Government Funds





Loan Participation Funds





Short Municipal Debt Funds





Short U.S. Government Funds





Short-Intmdt Investment Grade Debt Funds





U.S. Mortgage Funds





Ultra-Short Obligations Funds










Alternatives Categories











Absolute Return Funds





Alternative Credit Focus Funds





Alternative Long/Short Equity Funds







Alternative Managed Futures Funds





Alternative Multi-Strategy Funds





Flexible Portfolio Funds










Commodities Categories











Commodities General Funds


















Real Estate / Infrastructure











Energy MLP Funds





Global Infrastructure Funds





Global Real Estate Funds







International Real Estate Funds





Real Estate Funds










Portfolio Solutions Categories











Flexible Portfolio Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2020 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2025 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2030 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2035 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2040 Funds







Mixed-Asset Target 2045 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2050 Funds





Mixed-Asset Target 2055+ Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Agg Gro Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Growth Funds





Mixed-Asset Target Alloc Moderate Funds










Daily Liquid Alternatives Categories











Alternative Other Funds


























Quick sets








Featured Funds






Star Performers






Recently Viewed Funds













Reset




Save




DEFAULT SELECTIONS








Loading Fund Finder data...


No results match your criteria. Try broadening your search. Reset filters. Or go back to previous results.


Error loading page.  Please accept our apologies.




Performance
Prices
Characteristics
Fund Facts










New fund































                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Products
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Prospectuses
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               



















































Goldman Sachs Active Beta ETFs



















































Please choose a role




Select your country:

Internal View








Log in






(0)









Our services in the selected country:
No services available for your region.






Select Country:





Select Country








 Remember my selection

View Global Site








Your browser is out of date. It has known security flaws and may not display all features of this and other websites  









          

















 

 


Goldman Sachs ETFs



































ACTIVEBETA®
1 of 4





ACCESS BONDS
2 of 4





HEDGE INDUSTRY
3 of 4





TREASURY ACCESS
4 of 4













Next Generation of ETF Investing

                Over the last two decades, investors have increasingly turned to Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs) seeking to benefit from a defined strategy, diversified exposure to stocks, tax efficiency and low costs. Today, we combine the potential benefits of ETFs with the advanced strategies of Goldman Sachs Asset Managment (GSAM).
            









What Are the Potential Benefits of ETFs?





ETFs have grown in popularity due to the many benefits they offer: intraday trading ease, relative transparency and a likelihood of tax efficiency—all typically at lower total cost than most actively managed mutual funds.
 











The Four Ts









 
Source: GSAM. For illustrative purposes only.
We note that ETFs are not riskless investments, so investors can lose money. Please see the ETF Risk Disclosures for additional risk considerations in the end disclosures. Ordinary brokerage commissions apply. Brokerage commissions will reduce returns.
Goldman Sachs does not provide legal, tax or accounting advice to its clients. All investors are strongly urged to consult with their legal, tax, or accounting advisors regarding any potential transactions or investments. There is no assurance that the tax status or treatment of a proposed transaction or investment will continue in the future. Tax treatment or status may be changed by law or government action in the future or on a retroactive basis.










Exponential Growth of the ETF Market





Developed in the early 1990s with lower cost, transparency and tax efficiency in mind, today there are ETFs representing both broad and narrow sectors of the market, and hundreds of ways to diversify. With $2 trillion in investor assets, it’s safe to say that ETFs are here to stay.
 







 








Growth of ETFs










 







EXPLORE ETF PRODUCTS 






Next Generation of Equity Index Investing

                GSAM has developed a series of ETFs built on smart beta1 principles—a transparent, rules-based strategy that goes beyond stocks’ market capitalization, resulting in a more economically intuitive way to invest.
            

















 

$ {headerPrefix } 







Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta™ ETFs















Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta™ ETFs

 / 






















Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta™ ETFs





These ETFs are designed to track an ActiveBeta® Index, a proprietary performance-seeking methodology from Goldman Sachs, which tilts towards stocks based on four well-established drivers of performance, often referred to as factors.








The Four Factors














The Advantages of Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta™ Investing









Opportunity to Outperform the Market




To construct the ActiveBeta® Index, GSAM employs a simple, transparent process that helps identify and emphasize stocks within the market-cap weighted universe, potentially providing greater returns.
 









A Diversified Approach




Individual factors can be cyclical in the short run, which may lead to timing and performance challenges. Combining four complementary smart beta factors equally can potentially result in a more consistent investment experience over time.
 









Lower Cost




Not only are ActiveBeta™ ETFs a fraction of the price of most smart beta ETFs, they are also among the most competitively priced products on the market.2











Source: Morningstar and GSAM as of May 16, 2016. For illustrative purposes only.
There is no guarantee that these objectives will be met. ActiveBeta® is a trademark of Goldman Sachs. 9.0 bps (after expense limitation) for ActiveBeta® U.S. Large Cap Equity ETF refers to the Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta® U.S. Large Cap Equity ETF. 9.5 bps for largest ETF by Assets under Management (AUM) refers to the SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY). ALPS Distributors, Inc. is the distributor for the SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust (SPY). 35.3 bps refers to the average fund fee for Strategic Beta ETFs in the Morningstar US ETF Large Blend Category and 32.2 bps refers to the average fund fee of index ETFs in the Morningstar US ETF Large Blend Category.








ActiveBeta™ ETFs Brochure
Download the brochure

 
													DOWNLOAD
												










Next Generation Fixed Income Investing

                GSAM now offers the next generation, smart beta Access ETFs that seek better risk-adjusted returns to help meet the needs of today’s fixed income investor.
            









Access ETFs by Goldman Sachs





GSAM’s Access ETFs can help investors build efficient fixed income portfolios. Going a step further than traditional market-value weighted methodology, a smart beta approach selects bonds based on liquidity and customized fundamentals.














The Advantages of Goldman Sachs Fixed Income Investing









Smarter Access to Bond Markets




The index employs a simple, transparent process that helps identify an investible universe, then eliminates issuers with relative deteriorating fundamentals to offer exposure to existing sector or market beta.
 









Seeks Smoother Performance, Less Volatility




As bond investors look for income and diversification, a smart beta approach seeks liquidity while minimizing exposure to factors historically associated with volatility and underperformance.
 









Lower Cost




Access ETFs are among the most competitively priced ETFs on the market. They also offer transparency and can alleviate some of the challenges of buying bonds in the over-the-counter market.3










Source: GSAM and Morningstar. Data as of March 31, 2017. For illustrative purposes only. The GS Access Investment Grade Corporate Bond ETF expense ratio is 14 basis points (bp). Please see the end notes for expense ratio and other important disclosures. Category expense ratios represent category averages for all funds in the corporate bond category as defined by Morningstar. The average net expense ratio for ETFs in the category is 19 bps and for active and passive mutual funds combined, I-Shares only, it is 57 bps.








Access ETFs Brochure
Download the brochure

 
													DOWNLOAD
												









Access to Top Insights

                GSAM developed the Goldman Sachs Hedge Fund VIP Index, which tracks insights from some of the leading thinkers in the hedge fund universe. The Goldman Sachs Hedge Industry VIP ETF seeks to track this index and provides exposure to hedge fund managers’ most important long equity ideas.
            









Introducing the Goldman Sachs Hedge Industry VIP ETF (Ticker: GVIP)





The fund seeks to track the Goldman Sachs Hedge Fund VIP Index, which is constructed in accordance with a rules-based methodology derived from concepts previously developed by Goldman Sachs’ Global Investment Research division. The Index is designed to measure the performance of fundamentally-driven hedge fund managers' “Very-Important-Positions” — those positions that appear most frequently among their top 10 long equity holdings. The Goldman Sachs Hedge Industry VIP ETF (Ticker: GVIP) seeks to deliver these high-conviction ideas through the ease, transparency and liquidity of an ETF.









The Advantages of Investing in GVIP














The Fund is not a hedge fund and does not invest in hedge funds.
1. ETFs offer many benefits, including intraday trading, relative transparency and tax efficiency potential, all at typically lower expense ratios than most actively-managed mutual funds.








Hedge Industry VIP ETF Brochure
Download the brochure

 
													DOWNLOAD
												









Access to the Treasury Market

                GSAM developed an ETF that provides access to Treasuries with a maturity of less than a year, which are backed by the full faith and credit of the US Government. Investors in the Goldman Sachs TreasuryAccess 0-1 Year ETF can gain easy access to Treasury markets while avoiding the operational and pricing complexities of US Treasury Auctions and over-the-counter market.
            









Introducing the Goldman Sachs TreasuryAccess 0-1 Year ETF (Ticker: GBIL)





The fund seeks to track the Citi US Treasury 0–1 Year Composite Select Index, which is designed to measure the performance of U.S. Treasury Obligations4 with a maximum remaining maturity of one year. The Goldman Sachs TreasuryAccess 0–1 Year ETF (Ticker: GBIL) provides access to the Treasury market through a lower cost, convenient and transparent ETF. The fund benefits from the experience of the GSAM Liquidity Solutions team, providing trade execution, price negotiation and security selection in the short-term Treasury market.









The Advantages of Investing in GBIL










Any guarantee on U.S Treasury Obligations applies only to the underlying securities of the Fund if held to maturity and not to the value of the Fund’s shares.
Individual shares may only be purchased and sold in secondary market transactions through brokers; shares trade at market prices rather than NAV; shares may trade at a price greater than or less than NAV; and investors may incur commission costs when buying or selling shares.
The Fund is not a money market fund and does not attempt to maintain a stable net asset value.








TreasuryAccess ETF Brochure
Download the brochure

 
													DOWNLOAD
												









Goldman Sachs Exchange-Traded Funds

	       At Goldman Sachs Asset Management, we have a history of investment innovation—grounded in our commitment to provide clients with solutions that keep up with changing times. Our skilled investment teams manage a variety of advanced strategies** that capitalize on our global reach and deep knowledge of the markets. By offering these advanced strategies as Goldman Sachs ETFs, we continue this legacy and lead the way for the next generation of ETF investing.
	    

EXPLORE ETF PRODUCTS 












                        
                        
                            Market Insights
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Market Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Asset Class Views
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Insights
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        GSAM Connect
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research
		           		 
					     
						    







                        
                        
                            Products
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        All Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Mutual Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Exchange-Traded Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Closed-End Funds
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Variable Insurance Trusts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Separately Managed Accounts
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Liquidity Solutions
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Resources
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Advisor Resources
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Investment Ideas
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Portfolio Strategy
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Defined Contribution Investment Only
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Client Service
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Literature
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Literature Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Tax Center
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Forms and Applications
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Regulatory Documents
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Fact Cards
		           		 
					     
               






                        
                        
                            Our Firm
                        
                    



 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        About GSAM
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Citizenship
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Recognition
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        News
		           		 
					     
               


 
                    
		                 
	                     
	                        Contact Us
		           		 
					     
               



















































Overview | Capital Ideas 2017 Outlook - From Capital Group













2017 Outlook: Navigating a World in Transition








2017 Outlook: Navigating a World in Transition




Capital Ideas
Overview
United States
International
Emerging Markets
Fixed Income
Portfolios
















































Economies
Markets
Rates
Politics













		Investors in 2017 are facing a world in transition. The result of the U.S. presidential election and the earlier vote by British citizens to leave the European Union potentially reflect populist sentiment that appears to be challenging the decades-long march of globalization. What’s more, investors are recognizing that aggressive central bank stimulus may have reached its limits, and a transition to fiscal policy is at hand. Where should investors turn in such an environment? Our 2017 Outlook takes a trip around the globe, detailing the most important economic and investment themes as well as the portfolio implications from investing in a changing world.
	

		The global economy continues along its low-growth path, but there are a number of bright spots. In the U.S., despite the political uncertainty, a strengthening consumer is driving stronger growth. A large fiscal stimulus under the new administration could well provide another boost to the U.S. economy. And in many emerging markets the rebound that began in 2016 appears to have momentum, supported by higher commodities prices and structural reforms. Europe remains challenged by uncertainty about the future of the European Union, low growth and high unemployment. 
	

		A seven-year equity bull market has lifted stock valuations in the U.S., but many parts of the world are trading at discounts. Emerging markets and international markets are both below their 10-year average price-to-earnings ratio. Political and economic uncertainty remains, but there are bargains to be found for active investors seeking solid companies at attractive prices.
	

		U.S. government bond yields are near record lows, but are actually quite high relative to the rest of the world. Currently, 10-year Treasuries yield more than 85% of developed market sovereign debt. Even if U.S. rates rise and the new presidential administration’s policies are inflationary, the “lower for longer” trend seems sustainable well into next year while Europe and Japan continue to experiment with negative policy rates and quantitative easing.
	

		Results from the U.S. presidential election and Britain’s vote to leave the European Union highlighted a year where political populism gained momentum. But even amid that uncertainty, markets climbed a wall of worry in 2016. The lesson for this? It’s better to stick to your long-term plan and not get distracted by the latest political drama. Looking ahead, policy changes will affect individual businesses in different ways, so active investors will have an opportunity to build attractive company-by-company portfolios.
	




Next: The Expansion Is Old, but Age Is Just a Number



















Linkedin


Twitter


Facebook


Mail-Inverted






2017 Outlook (PDF)



 












































































American Funds
































































































American Funds



































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft































Columbia Dividend Income Strategy | Columbia Threadneedle Investments US


Skip to main content








 
Welcome to our website for Financial Professionals. To visit our site for Individual Investors, please use the arrow below to change your selection.
  







Help
Contact Us
Log In









				Financial Professionals 


Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home








 Toggle navigation 
  









Menu



Home


Products





Products
Mutual Funds
529 Plans
Closed-End Funds
Variable Products
Managed Accounts
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs)







Discover products designed to achieve your clients’ goals.
Watch Video






Perspectives





Perspectives
Our Blog
Market Outlook
Contributors






Learn how our culture of innovation fosters thought leaders and new ideas.
Watch Video






Resources





Resources
Fiduciary Insights
Forms & Applications
Investor Goals
Learning Center
Literature
RIA Resource Center
Tax Center






Find resources designed to help you succeed.
Watch Video






About Us





About Us
Leadership
Our Philosophy
Press Center






Meet the people behind the work and get to know Columbia Threadneedle.
Watch Video






















Contact Us
Help
Log In






Financial Professionals
Individual Investors
Institutional Investors
Global Home





















Dividend Income Strategy










Select A Managed Account
Contrarian Core
                            
Disciplined Value
                            
Dividend Income
                            
Dividend Opportunity
                            

                                Select Large Cap Growth
                            

                                Large Cap Value
                            

                                Small Cap Value
                            





















Overview
Literature & Resources










Overview


Investment approach
The team seeks to deliver long-term, risk-adjusted capital appreciation and current income by investing in large capitalization equity securities with a history of growing their dividends at an above-average rate. In addition, the team seeks to outperform value peer strategies and rank solidly in the top quartile over a full market cycle. The investment process focuses on companies that have the potential to generate strong and sustainable free cash flow from operations with management teams willing to reward shareholders through increased dividend payments over time.


Distinguishing Features

Seasoned, stable investment team with extensive experience managing dividend value strategies
Focus on strong and sustainable free cash flow from operations as a sign of strong business fundamentals that potentially lead to higher share price and growing dividend income over time
Low-beta approach helps reduce portfolio volatility





Investment Process


Define and evaluate investable universe

Universe is the Russell 1000 Index, S&P 500 Index and large ADRs on NYSE
Prioritize candidates for further research by focusing on the top two quintiles of free cash flow
Rank candidates using proprietary factor analysis identifying valuation, capital discipline and total yield to shareholders
Incorporate analysis, including fundamental and valuation analysis, Columbia Threadneedle Investments central research and company meetings



Conduct research and valuation analysis

Identify approximately 125 companies that have the potential to generate strong and sustainable free cash flow from operations that create strong dividend opportunities
Focus on free cash flow yield (FCF/P) vs. traditional value metrics such as P/E, P/B
Reliability of cash accounting vs. accrual accounting
Cash flow analytics used to appraise businesses and forecast dividend actions





Construct portfolio and manage risk

Target 70 to 100 stocks to be included in the portfolio
Determine risk budget and allocate risk to maximize alpha
Seek to construct a portfolio with low relative volatility and leverage, low-earnings volatility, dividend yield exposure
Eliminate unintended bets and ensure style integrity





Trailing Returns (%)




Inception Date
YTD (cum.)
1-year
3-year
5-year
Since Inception




Dividend Income SMA Strategy (gross)
12/31/92
7.40
9.67
11.32
12.64
9.63


Dividend Income SMA Strategy (net)

5.82
6.44
8.06
9.34
6.41


Russell 1000 Index

3.74
2.93
11.48
11.88
-


S&P 500 Index

3.84
3.99
11.66
12.10
-


Russell 1000 Value Index

6.30
2.86
9.87
11.35
-








Michael Barclay, CFA
26 years experience



Scott L. Davis
37 years experience



Peter C. Santoro, CFA
20 years experience









Literature
Literature



Document




Capabilities Brochure










Disclosures
There is no guarantee the objective will be achieved or that any return expectations will be met. 
The Russell 1000 Index tracks the performance of 1,000 of the largest U.S. companies, based on market capitalization. The Standard and Poor’s (S&P) 500 Index is an unmanaged index that tracks the performance of 500 widely held, large-capitalization U.S. stocks. It is not possible to invest directly in an index.
Investment risks — Market risk may affect a single issuer, sector of the economy, industry or the market as a whole. Value securities may be unprofitable if the market fails to recognize their intrinsic worth or the portfolio manager misgauged that worth. Foreign investments subject the strategy to risks, including political, economic, market, social and others within a particular country, as well as to currency instabilities and less stringent financial and accounting standards generally applicable to U.S. issuers. Dividend payments are not guaranteed and the amount, if any, can vary over time. These risks may be heightened for longer maturity and duration securities. The strategy may invest significantly in issuers within a particular sector, which may be negatively affected by market, economic or other conditions, making the strategy more vulnerable to unfavorable developments in the sector.
Advisory services provided by Columbia Management Capital Advisers, an operating division of Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC (“CMIA”) an SEC-registered investment adviser that offers investment management and related services to clients participating in various types of wrap programs.
Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC and its affiliates do not offer tax advice. Investors should consult with their tax advisor regarding their specific situation.
These managed account solutions are only available through investment professionals. Not all strategies may be available on all platforms, and fees and terms may vary. Managed account programs may require a minimum asset level and may not be suitable for all investors.




















































                                    Contact Us
                                













Mutual Funds Marketing Support and Literature
                                RequestsMonday - Thursday, 8
                    	a.m. - 7 p.m. ET; Friday 8 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET


                                Financial Institutions
                            

                                800.718.9009
                            



                                Broker/Dealers
                            

                                800.215.5005
                            



                                Registered Investment Advisors
                            

                                866.444.5435
                            



                                Independent Advisors
                            

                                800.446.4008
                            



                                Dealer Services Monday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET
                            

                                800.322.2847
                            





                                Service inquiries
                            






                                Product inquiries
                            






                                Sales/Prospecting questions
                            




Shareholder Account ServicesMonday - Friday, 8 a.m. - 7 p.m. ET



                                Shareholder Services
                            

                                800.345.6611
                            



                                Transaction Department
                            

                                800.422.3737
                            



More Contact Options

Help

















	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































