



Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY") - PDF





























 Log in
Registration







Search for

















Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY")





























                                                        SHARE 




                                                        HTML 




                                                        DOWNLOAD 




































                                                            Size: px
                                                        

                                                            Start display at page:
                                                        










Download "Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY")"




                                                                Error: 




 Download Document









  Hillary Long
 1 years ago                                                                                            
 Views:  











Transcription





1 Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY") Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VUL Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VA ("Separate Accounts") Supplement to: Overture Encore! II, Overture Annuity III-Plus, Overture Acclaim! and Overture Accent! Prospectuses Dated May 1, 2012 Supplement Dated May 1, Subaccount underlying portfolios available as variable investment options for your Policy are: FUND NAME Portfolio Name Subadviser(s) Calvert Variable Products, Inc.* Calvert VP S&P MidCap 400 Index Portfolio, Class I ** Ameritas Investment Partners, Inc. Calvert Variable Series, Inc.* Calvert VP SRI Balanced Portfolio, Class I *** Fidelity Variable Insurance Products Fidelity VIP Contrafund Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 INVESTMENT ADVISER Portfolio Type / Summary of Investment Objective Calvert Investment Management, Inc. Index: S&P MidCap 400 Index. Calvert Investment Management, Inc. Income and capital growth. Fidelity Management & Research Company Long-term capital appreciation. Fidelity VIP Equity-Income Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Index: S&P 500 Index. ** Fidelity VIP Growth Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Fidelity VIP High Income Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Fidelity VIP Investment Grade Bond Portfolio, Service Class 2 2,3 Fidelity VIP Money Market Portfolio, Initial Class 2,3 Capital Appreciation. Income and growth. Bond. Current income. Fidelity VIP Overseas Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Long-term growth. Subadvisers: (1) FMR Co., Inc.; (2) Fidelity Investments Money Management, Inc.; and (3) other investment advisers serve as sub-advisers for the fund. Third Avenue Variable Series Trust Third Avenue Value Portfolio Third Avenue Management LLC Long-term capital appreciation. * These funds are part of Ameritas Mutual Holding Company ("Ameritas"), the ultimate parent of Ameritas Life of NY. The funds investment adviser and Ameritas Investment Partners, Inc. are indirect subsidiaries of Ameritas. Calvert Investment Distributors, Inc., the underwriter for these funds, is also an indirect subsidiary of Ameritas. ** "Standard & Poor's," "S&P," "S&P 500," "Standard & Poor's 500," and "500" are trademarks of The McGraw- Hill Companies, Inc. and have been licensed for use by us. The Product is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Standard & Poor's and Standard & Poor's makes no representation regarding the advisability of investing in the Product. The Statement of Additional Information sets forth certain additional disclaimers and limitations of liabilities on behalf of S&P as set forth in the Licensing Agreement between us and S&P. *** Sustainable and Responsible Investment ("SRI") 2. Please see the fund prospectuses for more information about subaccount underlying portfolios, including portfolio operating expenses for the year ended December 31, The disclosure about the Ameritas company's businesses is updated and revised to read as follows: The Ameritas companies are a diversified family of financial services businesses offering life insurance and annuities, group dental, vision and hearing care insurance, retirement plans and 401(k) plans as well as mutual funds and other investments, financial planning, and public financing. FA2 4. The Legal Proceedings section in your prospectus is deleted and replaced with the following: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We and our subsidiaries, like other life insurance companies, are subject to regulatory and legal proceedings in the ordinary course of our business. Certain of the proceedings we are involved in assert claims for substantial amounts. While it is not possible to predict with certainty the ultimate outcome of any pending or future case, legal proceeding or regulatory action, we do not expect the ultimate result of any of these actions to result in a material adverse effect on the Separate Account, our ability to meet our obligations under the Policies, or AIC's ability to perform its obligations. Nonetheless, given the large or indeterminate amounts sought in certain of these matters, and the inherent unpredictability of litigation, it is possible that an adverse outcome in certain matters could, from time to time, have a material adverse effect on any or all of the above. 5. As indicated in prior disclosures and communications, any allocations made to closed investment options will be allocated according to the allocation instructions we have for your policy, after omitting allocation instructions relating to the closed investment option(s). All other provisions of your Policy remain as stated in your Policy and prospectus, as previously supplemented. Please retain this Supplement with the current prospectus for your variable Policy issued by Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York. If you do not have a current prospectus, please contact Ameritas Life of NY at FA3 Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY") Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VUL Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VA ("Separate Accounts") Supplement to: Overture Encore! II, Overture Annuity III-Plus, Overture Acclaim! and Overture Accent! Prospectuses Dated May 1, 2012 Supplement Dated October 4, 2013 The Calvert Variable Series, Inc. Board of Directors approved, effective as of September 11, 2013, (1) the removal of New Amsterdam Partners LLC ("New Amsterdam") as an investment subadvisor for Calvert VP SRI Balanced Portfolio (the "Portfolio") and (2) the assumption of responsibility by the current investment advisor, Calvert Investment Management, Inc., for the day to day management of the equity assets previously managed by New Amsterdam. Therefore, in the Separate Account Variable Investment Options section of your prospectus, the reference to New Amsterdam as subadvisor to the Portfolio is removed. Please see the Portfolio prospectus, as supplemented, for more information. All other provisions of your Policy remain as stated in your Policy and prospectus, as previously supplemented. Please retain this Supplement with the current prospectus for your variable Policy issued by Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York. If you do not have a current prospectus, please contact Ameritas Life of NY at FA4 Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY") Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VUL and Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VA ("Separate Accounts") Supplement to: Overture Encore! II, Overture Annuity III-Plus, Overture Acclaim! and Overture Accent! Prospectuses Dated May 1, 2012 Supplement Dated August 16, 2013 This supplement describes changes to the variable investment options available under your Policy. You should read this information carefully and retain this supplement for future reference together with the Prospectus for your Policy. [All capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the same meaning as those included in the Prospectus.] New Variable Investment Option 1. The list of variable investment options on page 1 of Annuity III-Plus, Overture Accent!, and Overture Acclaim! is revised to include the following: * FIDELITY VIP Initial Class Money Market * Short cites are used in this list. The Separate Account Variable Investment Options section of the prospectus uses complete fund and portfolio names. 2. The table of Separate Account Variable Investment Options is revised to include the following: FUND NAME INVESTMENT ADVISER Portfolio Name Subadviser(s) Portfolio Type / Summary of Investment Objective Fidelity Variable Insurance Products Fidelity Management & Research Company Money Market 1,2 Current income. Subadvisers: (1) Fidelity Investments Money Management, Inc. and (2) other investment advisers serve as sub-advisers for the fund. Portfolio Substitution 3. We have filed an application with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") seeking an order approving the substitution of shares of the Fidelity VIP Money Market Portfolio, Initial Class for shares of the Calvert VP Money Market Portfolio. The effect of the substitution would permit us to replace the Calvert VP Money Market Portfolio ("Existing Fund") with the Fidelity VIP Money Market Portfolio ("Replacement Fund") as an investment option under the Policies. The Existing Fund and Replacement Fund are described in their respective summary prospectuses, which are available at no charge by contacting Customer Service at , or by logging into your account on the internet service center at AmeritasNY.com. Until the date of the substitution, Policy value currently allocated to the Calvert VP Money Market Portfolio may remain invested in the corresponding Subaccount, and transfers of Policy value into and out of that Subaccount will be allowed. Any allocation to the Calvert VP Money Market Portfolio pursuant to an asset allocation model will continue according to the model until the date of any substitution unless we receive different allocation instructions from you. We anticipate the substitution will occur on or around November 15, From the date of this supplement to the date of the substitution, if you have allocations to the Calvert VP Money Market Portfolio Subaccount, you may transfer such allocations to any other available Subaccount without any charge or limitation (except potentially harmful transfers (see FA725 7/135 Disruptive Trading Procedures in the Prospectus)) and without the transfer counting toward the number of free transfers that otherwise may be made in a given Policy Year. If carried out, the proposed substitution would result in any Policy value you have allocated to the Subaccount funded by the Existing Fund being, in effect, transferred at relative net asset value to a Subaccount investing in the Replacement Fund. We will pay all expenses incurred in connection with the substitution. There would be no tax consequences resulting from this exchange. After the substitution, the Subaccount funded by the Existing Fund will no longer be available for investment under the Policy. Once the substitution occurs, unless you instruct us otherwise, any existing or future instruction that designates the Subaccount funded by the Existing Fund will be deemed to be an instruction for the Subaccount funded by the Replacement Fund. This includes, but is not limited to, instructions for purchase payments, partial withdrawals, and transfer instructions (including instructions under any automatic or systematic transfer option). All references in your prospectus to the Existing Fund will be replaced with a reference to the Replacement Fund. From the date of the substitution, until at least thirty (30) days after the substitution, you are permitted to transfer Policy value out of the Subaccount investing in the Replacement Fund to one or more other Subaccounts or the fixed account (if available) within the Policy without any charge or limitation (except potentially harmful transfers (see Disruptive Trading Procedures in the Prospectus)) and without the transfer being treated as one of a limited number of free transfers allowed under your Policy. If you would like to make a transfer of Policy value, please contact Customer Service at , or log into your account on the internet service center at AmeritasNY.com. Information about the Replacement Fund, its investment policy, risks, fees and expenses and other aspects of its operations, can be found in its prospectus, which you should read carefully. THERE IS NO ASSURANCE THAT ANY NEW FUND WILL ACHIEVE ITS STATED OBJECTIVE. If you have any questions about this proposed substitution, please contact a Customer Service representative at All other provisions of your Policy remain as stated in your Policy and prospectus, as previously supplemented. Please retain this supplement with the current prospectus for your variable policy issued by Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York. If you do not have a current prospectus, please contact Ameritas Life of New York at FA725 7/136 Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY") Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VUL and Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VA ("Separate Accounts") Supplement to: Overture Encore! II, Overture Annuity III-Plus, Overture Acclaim! and Overture Accent! Prospectuses Dated May 1, 2012 Supplement Dated May 1, Subaccount underlying portfolios available as variable investment options for your Policy are: FUND NAME Portfolio Name Subadviser(s) INVESTMENT ADVISER Portfolio Type / Summary of Investment Objective Calvert Variable Products, Inc.* Calvert Investment Management, Inc. Calvert VP S&P MidCap 400 Index Portfolio, Class I ** Ameritas Index: S&P MidCap 400 Index. Investment Partners, Inc. Calvert Variable Series, Inc.* Calvert Investment Management, Inc. Calvert VP Money Market Portfolio No Subadviser Money market: current income. Calvert VP SRI Balanced Portfolio Equity Portion: New Income and capital growth. Amsterdam Partners LLC; Fixed Income Portion: No Subadviser Fidelity Variable Insurance Products Fidelity Management & Research Company Fidelity VIP Contrafund Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Long-term capital appreciation. Fidelity VIP Equity-Income Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Index: S&P 500 Index. ** Fidelity VIP Growth Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Capital Appreciation. Fidelity VIP High Income Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Income and growth. Fidelity VIP Investment Grade Bond Portfolio, Service Class 2 2,3 Bond. Fidelity VIP Overseas Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Long-term growth. Subadvisers: (1) FMR Co., Inc.; (2) Fidelity Investments Money Management, Inc.; and (3) other investment advisers serve as sub-advisers for the fund. Third Avenue Variable Series Trust Third Avenue Management LLC Third Avenue Value Portfolio Long-term capital appreciation. * These funds are part of Ameritas Mutual Holding Company ("Ameritas"), the ultimate parent of Ameritas Life of NY. The funds investment adviser and Ameritas Investment Partners, Inc. (named Summit Investment Advisors, Inc. prior to May 1, 2013) are indirect subsidiaries of Ameritas. Calvert Investment Distributors, Inc., the underwriter for these funds, is also an indirect subsidiary of Ameritas. ** "Standard & Poor's," "S&P," "S&P 500," "Standard & Poor's 500," and "500" are trademarks of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. and have been licensed for use by us. The Product is not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by Standard & Poor's and Standard & Poor's makes no representation regarding the advisability of investing in the Product. The Statement of Additional Information sets forth certain additional disclaimers and limitations of liabilities on behalf of S&P as set forth in the Licensing Agreement between us and S&P. 2. Please see the fund prospectuses for more information about subaccount underlying portfolios, including portfolio operating expenses for the year ended December 31, Effective April 30, 2013, the Calvert VP SRI Strategic Portfolio ("SRI Strategic Portfolio") merged into the Calvert VP S&P 500 Index Portfolio ("S&P 500 Index Portfolio"). Your prospectus is amended by removing all references to the SRI Strategic Portfolio. Future allocations directed to the subaccount investing in the SRI Strategic Portfolio will be placed in the S&P 500 Index Portfolio. The subaccount investing in the S&P 500 Index Portfolio remains closed to new money. 4. Ameritas Investment Partners, Inc. was named Summit Investment Advisors, Inc. prior to May 1, All references to Summit Investment Advisors, Inc. in your prospectus are changed to Ameritas Investment Partners, Inc. to reflect the name change. All other provisions of your Policy remain as stated in your Policy and prospectus, as previously supplemented. Please retain this Supplement with the current prospectus for your variable Policy issued by Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York. If you do not have a current prospectus, please contact Ameritas Life of NY at FA719 5/137 Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY") Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VUL Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VA ("Separate Accounts") Supplement to: Overture Encore! II, Overture Annuity III-Plus, Overture Acclaim! and Overture Accent! Prospectuses Dated May 1, 2012 Supplement Dated January 18, 2013 The Calvert Variable Series, Inc. Board of Directors (the "Board") approved (i) the removal of the investment subadviser for Calvert VP SRI Strategic Portfolio (the "Portfolio") and (ii) the assumption of the day-to-day management of the Portfolio by the current investment adviser, Calvert Investment Management, Inc., effective as of December 13, The portfolio manager change does not affect the Portfolio's investment objective. The Board also approved the reorganization of the Portfolio into the Calvert VP S&P 500 Index Portfolio and recommended approval of the reorganization by Portfolio shareholders. If the Portfolio's shareholders approve the reorganization, the Portfolio will be merged into the Calvert VP S&P 500 Index Portfolio on or about April 30, If your variable annuity or variable life insurance policy remains invested in Portfolio shares at the time the reorganization is consummated, your Portfolio shares will be replaced by shares of Calvert VP S&P 500 Index Portfolio and thereafter the value of your Account will depend on the performance of Calvert VP S&P 500 Index Portfolio, rather than that of the Portfolio. The portion of the Separate Account Variable Options chart relating to this Portfolio is revised to read as follows: FUND NAME Portfolio Name Subadviser(s) Calvert Variable Series, Inc.* Calvert VP SRI Strategic Portfolio No Subadviser INVESTMENT ADVISER Portfolio Type / Summary of Investment Objective Calvert Investment Management, Inc. Long-term capital appreciation; current income is secondary. * This fund is part of Ameritas Mutual Holding Company ("Ameritas "), the ultimate parent of Ameritas Life of NY. The fund's investment adviser and Calvert Investment Distributors, Inc., the underwriter for this fund, are indirect subsidiaries of Ameritas. All other provisions of your Policy remain as stated in your Policy and prospectus. Please retain this supplement with the current prospectus for your variable policy issued by Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York. If you do not have a current prospectus, please contact Ameritas Life of NY at IN /138 Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY") Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VUL Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VA ("Separate Accounts") Supplement to: Overture Encore! II, Overture Annuity III-Plus, Overture Acclaim! and Overture Accent! Prospectuses and Statements of Additional Information Dated May 1, 2012 Supplement Dated May 2, 2012 On May 2, 2012, the members of UNIFI Mutual Holding Company ("UNIFI ") approved an amendment to change the company's name to "Ameritas Mutual Holding Company." Therefore, all references to UNIFI Mutual Holding Company in your prospectus and Statement of Additional Information are changed to Ameritas Mutual Holding Company. The short cite for the new company name is "Ameritas;" therefore, all references to UNIFI are changed to Ameritas. All other provisions of your Policy remain as stated in your Policy, prospectus, and Statement of Additional Information. Please retain this Supplement with the current prospectus for your variable Policy issued by Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York. If you do not have a current prospectus, please contact Ameritas Life of NY at FA692 5/129 PROSPECTUS: May 1, 2012 OVERTURE ACCLAIM! Flexible Premium Deferred Variable Annuity Policy Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VA This prospectus describes the Policy, especially its Separate Account. The Policy is designed to help you, the Policy Owner, invest on a tax-deferred basis and meet long-term financial goals. As an annuity, it also provides you with several ways to receive regular income from your investment. An initial minimum payment is required. Further investment is optional. You may allocate all or part of your investment among variable investment options (where you have the investment risk, including possible loss of principal) with allocated indirect interests in these non-publicly traded portfolios*: CALVERT VARIABLE PRODUCTS ** FIDELITY VIP Service Class 2 THIRD AVENUE VP S&P MidCap 400 Index, Class I Contrafund Value Equity-Income CALVERT VARIABLE SERIES ** Growth VP Money Market High Income VP SRI Balanced Investment Grade Bond VP SRI Strategic Overseas * Short cites are used in this list. "Investment Options" uses complete Fund and Portfolio names. ** Affiliates. See note in "Investment Options" section. or you may allocate all or part of your investment to a Fixed Account fixed interest rate option (where we have the investment risk and guarantee a certain return on your investment). Please Read this Prospectus Carefully and Keep It for Future Reference. It provides information you should consider before investing in a Policy. Prospectuses for the portfolios underlying the Subaccount variable investment options are available without charge from your sales representative or from our Service Center. A Statement of Additional Information, dated May 1, 2012, and other information about us and the Policy, is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") and is incorporated into this prospectus by reference. For a free copy, access it on the SEC's website (www.sec.gov, select "Search for Company Filings," select "Search for Company Filings," select "file number," then type " "),, or write or call us. The Table of Contents for the Statement of Additional Information is on the last page of this prospectus. The SEC does not pass upon the accuracy or adequacy of this prospectus, and has not approved or disapproved the Policy. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. NOT FDIC INSURED MAY LOSE VALUE NO BANK GUARANTEE Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York (we, us, our, Ameritas Life of NY) 1350 Broadway, Suite 2201, New York, NY 10018, Service Center, P.O. Box 82550, Lincoln, Nebraska AmeritasNY.com10 TABLE OF CONTENTS Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York 1350 Broadway, Suite 2201 New York, NY Telephone: Contacting Us. To answer your questions or to send additional premium, contact your sales representative or write or call us at: Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York Service Center P.O. Box Lincoln, Nebraska or 5900 "O" Street Lincoln, Nebraska Telephone: Fax: Interfund Transfer Request Fax: AmeritasNY.com Express mail packages should be sent to our street address, not our P.O. Box address. Remember the Correct form of Written Notice in "good order" is important for us to accurately process your Policy elections and changes. Many forms can be found on the on-line services section of our website. Or call us at our toll-free number and we will send you the form you need and tell you the information we require. Facsimile Written Notice. To provide you with timely service, we accept some Written Notices by facsimiles. However, by not requiring your original signature, there is a greater risk unauthorized persons can manipulate your signature and make changes on your Policy (including withdrawals) without your knowledge. We are entitled to act upon facsimile signatures that reasonably appear to us to be genuine. Begin on Page DEFINED TERMS...4 POLICY OVERVIEW...5 CHARGES...7 FINANCIAL INFORMATION...12 CHARGES EXPLAINED...12 Withdrawal Charge Mortality and Expense Risk Charge Administrative Charges Administrative Expense Fee, Annual Policy Fee Transfer Fee Tax Charges Fees Charged by the Portfolios Optional Features' Charges INVESTMENT OPTIONS...14 Separate Account Variable Investment Options Fixed Account Investment Option Transfers Disruptive Trading Procedures Systematic Transfer Programs: Dollar Cost Averaging, Portfolio Rebalancing, Earning Sweep IMPORTANT POLICY PROVISIONS...20 Policy Application and Issuance Your Policy Value Telephone Transactions Delay of Payments Beneficiary Minor Owner or Beneficiary Policy Changes Policy Termination Optional Features POLICY DISTRIBUTIONS...25 Withdrawals Death Benefits Annuity Income Benefits FEDERAL INCOME TAX MATTERS...29 MISCELLANEOUS...33 About Our Company Distribution of the Policies Voting Rights Legal Proceedings APPENDIX A: Accumulation Unit Values...A:1 APPENDIX B: Tax Qualified Plan Disclosures... B:1 Thank You. If You Have Questions,... Last Page Statement of Additional Information Table of Contents.. Last Page Make checks payable to: " Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York." - 2 -11 DEFINED TERMS Accumulation Units are an accounting unit of measure used to calculate the Policy value allocated to Subaccounts of the Separate Account. It is similar to a share of a mutual fund. The Policy describes how Accumulation Units are calculated. Annuitant is the person on whose life annuity payments involving life contingencies are based and who receives Policy annuity payments. Annuity Date is the date annuity income payouts are scheduled to begin. This date is identified on the Policy Schedule page of your Policy. You may change this date, as permitted by the Policy and described in this prospectus. Beneficiary(ies) Owner's Beneficiary(ies) is the person(s) or legal entity who becomes the Policy Owner upon the Owner's death and who receives the death benefit payable upon the Owner's death prior to the Annuity Date. If none is named, those benefits are paid to the Owner's estate. Annuitant's Beneficiary(ies) is the person(s) or legal entity who receives the death benefit payable upon the Annuitant's death. If either an Owner or Annuitant's Beneficiary is named in the application, but not both, we presume you intend that person(s) or entity to serve both roles. Business Day is each day that the New York Stock Exchange is open for trading. Cash Surrender Value is the Policy value less Policy fee, outstanding loans, and any premium tax charge not previously deducted. Owner, you, your is you -- the person(s) or legal entity who may exercise all rights and privileges under the Policy. If there are joint Owners, the signatures of both Owners are needed to exercise rights under the Policy. Policy Year/Month/Anniversary are measured from respective anniversary dates of the date of issue of this Policy. Subaccount is a division within the Separate Account for which Accumulation Units are separately maintained. Each Subaccount corresponds to a single underlying non-publicly traded portfolio issued through a series fund. We, Us, Our, Ameritas Life of NY, - Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York. Written Notice or Request -- Written notice, signed by you, on a form approved by or acceptable to us, that gives us the information we require and is received at Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York, Service Center, P.O. Box 82550, Lincoln, NE (or 5900 "O" Street, Lincoln, NE 68510), fax Call us if you have questions about what form or information is required. This prospectus may only be used to offer the Policy where the Policy may lawfully be sold. The Policy is only available in the State of New York. If your Policy is issued as part of a qualified plan under the Internal Revenue Code, refer to any plan documents and disclosures for information about how some of the benefits and rights of the Policy may be affected12 POLICY OVERVIEW The following is intended as a summary. Please read each section of this prospectus for additional detail. The Overture Acclaim! Policy is a variable annuity savings vehicle offering a variety of investment options to help meet long-term financial goals. It is available from us in New York only. Associated charges are discussed in this prospectus' CHARGES and CHARGES EXPLAINED sections. You can allocate your premiums among a wide spectrum of Separate Account variable investment options and to a Fixed Account fixed interest rate option. In the Separate Account variable investment options you may gain or lose money on your investment. In the Fixed Account option, we guarantee you will earn a fixed rate of interest. The investment options are described on this prospectus' cover and the INVESTMENT OPTIONS section. The Policy is a deferred annuity: it has an accumulation (or deferral) phase and an annuity income phase. Accumulation Phase. During the accumulation phase, any earnings that you leave in the Policy are not taxed. During this phase you can invest additional money into the Policy, transfer amounts among the investment options, and withdraw some or all of the value of your Policy. Some restrictions may apply to transfers (especially to transfers into and out of the Fixed Account). Withdrawals may be subject to income tax and a penalty tax. Annuity Income Phase. The accumulation phase ends and the annuity income phase begins on a date you select or the later of the fifth Policy Anniversary or Anniversary nearest the Annuitant's 85 th birthday (but in no case later than the Annuitant's 90 th birthday). During the annuity income phase, we will make periodic payments to the Annuitant, unless you specify otherwise. You can select payments that are guaranteed to last for the Annuitant's entire life or for some other period. Some or all of each payment will be taxable. POLICY OPERATION AND FEATURES Premiums. Minimum initial premium: $25,000. Minimum additional premium: $1,000, or $50 per month if through electronic funds transfer. No additional premiums will be accepted after the earlier of the Annuity Date or the Annuitant's 85 th birthday without our approval. Investment Options. Variable investment option allocations are invested in Subaccounts of the Separate Account, which in turn invest in corresponding underlying portfolios. Fixed Account allocations are invested in our general account and we guarantee a fixed rate of interest. You may transfer among investments, subject to limits. Dollar cost averaging, portfolio rebalancing and earnings sweep systematic investment programs are available. Deductions from Assets. (See CHARGES on next pages.) Withdrawals. There are no Policy withdrawal charges applied to withdrawals. Each withdrawal must be at least $250. Annuity Income. Several fixed annuity income options are available. Death Benefit. A standard death benefit is paid upon the death of the Annuitant unless the guaranteed minimum death benefit is payable. Optional Features. Optional features available are listed in this prospectus' IMPORTANT POLICY PROVISIONS section. Most can only be elected at Policy issue and only if you and the Annuitant are then not older than age 70. TAX-QUALIFIED PLANS The Policy can be used to fund a tax-qualified plan such as an IRA or Roth IRA (including for rollovers from tax-sheltered annuities), SEP IRA, or SIMPLE IRA, etc. This prospectus generally addresses the terms that affect a non-tax-qualified annuity. If your Policy funds a tax-qualified plan, read the Qualified Plan Disclosures in this prospectus' Appendix B to see how they might change your Policy rights and requirements. Contact us if you have questions about the use of the Policy in these or other tax-qualified plans13 CHARGES ( = Base Policy Fee; = Optional Feature Fee) The following tables describe the fees and expenses that you will pay when buying, owning, and surrendering the Policy. The first table describes the fees and expenses that you will pay at the time that you buy the Policy, surrender the Policy, or transfer Policy value between investment options. State premium taxes may also be deducted. = Base Policy Fees. = Optional Feature Fees. TRANSACTION FEES WITHDRAWAL CHARGE - NONE (as a % of each premium withdrawn) TRANSFER FEE (per transfer) first 15 transfers per year over 15 transfers in one Policy Year, we may charge... Guaranteed Maximum Fee Current Fee - - $0 $10 $0 $10 ANNUAL POLICY FEE (waived if Policy value is at least $50,000.) ANNUAL POLICY FEE (*but no more than $30 from the Fixed Account) $40* $36* SEPARATE ACCOUNT ANNUAL EXPENSES (deducted daily from assets allocated to the Separate Account to equal the annual % shown ) MORTALITY & EXPENSE RISK CHARGE 1.25% 1.25% ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSE FEE 0.15% 0.15% TOTAL SEPARATE ACCOUNT ANNUAL EXPENSES 1.40% 1.40% OPTIONAL FEATURE FEE (deducted monthly from assets allocated to the Separate Account to equal the annual % shown ) One Year "PERIODIC STEP-UP" GUARANTEED MINIMUM DEATH BENEFIT 0.55% 0.25% PORTFOLIO COMPANY OPERATING EXPENSES (as of December 31, 2011) The next table shows the minimum and maximum total operating expenses charged by the portfolio companies, before any waivers or reductions, you may pay periodically during the time that you own the contract. TOTAL ANNUAL PORTFOLIO COMPANY OPERATING EXPENSES Expenses that are deducted from portfolio company assets, including Minimum Maximum management fees, distribution and/or service (12b-1) fees, and other expenses Before any Waivers and Reductions 0.41% (1) 1.38% (2) After any Waivers and Reductions (explained in the footnotes to this table) 0.40% (1) 1.30% (3) (1) Calvert Variable Series VP Money Market. The Investment Advisor, Calvert Investment Management, Inc., has contractually agreed to limit direct net annual portfolio operating expenses through April 30, 2013, as shown above. Under the terms of the contractual expense limitation, operating expenses do not include interest expense, brokerage commissions, taxes and extraordinary expenses. Only the Board of Directors of the portfolios may terminate a portfolio s expense cap before the contractual period expires. (2) Calvert Variable Series VP SRI Equity. This Subaccount was closed to new money in The Investment Advisor, Calvert Investment Management, Inc., has contractually agreed to limit direct net annual portfolio operating expenses through April 30, 2013, as shown above. Under the terms of the contractual expense limitation, operating expenses do not include interest expense, brokerage commissions, taxes and extraordinary expenses. Only the Board of Directors of the portfolios may terminate a portfolio s expense cap before the contractual period expires. (3) Third Avenue Value. The Fund's advisor has contractually agreed, for a period of one year from April 30, 2012, to waive receipt of advisory fees and/or reimburse Fund expenses in order to limit total annual expenses (exclusive of taxes, interest, brokerage commissions, acquired fund fees and expenses, and extraordinary items) to 1.30% of average daily net assets, subject to later reimbursement in certain circumstances. The Investment Options section of this prospectus lists current Subaccount portfolios. Information about fees and expenses for each current and closed portfolio is contained in the prospectus for that portfolio14 EXAMPLES OF EXPENSES The Examples below are intended to help you compare the cost of investing in the Policy with the cost of investing in other variable annuity policies. These costs include Policy owner transaction expenses, contract charges, separate account annual expenses, and Subaccount underlying portfolio fees and expenses. The Examples assume that you invest $10,000 in the Policy for the time periods indicated. The Examples also assume that your investment has a 5% return each year and assume the underlying portfolio and Policy fees and expenses indicated. The example amounts are illustrative only, and should not be considered a representation of past or future expenses. Your actual expenses may be higher or lower than those shown in the chart. Please note that although the examples assume $10,000 premium to aid comparisons, our minimum premium for this policy is $25,000. Surrender Policy at the end of the time period. ($) Annuitize Policy at the end of the time period. ($) Policy is neither surrendered nor annuitized. ($) EXAMPLE 1 Yr 3 Yr 5 Yr 10 Yr 1 Yr 3 Yr 5 Yr 10 Yr 1 Yr 3 Yr 5 Yr 10 Yr Maximum (1) Policy Expenses $375 $1,138 $1,919 $3,952 $375 $1,138 $1,919 $3,952 $375 1,138 $1,919 $3,952 Minimum (2) Policy Expenses $219 $671 $1,146 $2,440 $219 $671 $1,146 $2,440 $219 $671 $1,146 $2,440 (1) Maximum Policy Expense Charges. This example assumes maximum charges of 1.40% for Separate Account annual expenses, a $40 guaranteed maximum Policy fee (although our current base Policy fee is $36), 0.55% of other Policy value annual expenses for the periodic step-up guaranteed minimum death benefit option, plus the maximum fees and expenses before any waivers or reductions of any of the portfolio companies (1.38%). (2) Minimum Policy Expense Charges. This example assumes current charges of 1.40% for Separate Account annual expenses, a $36 current Policy fee, plus the minimum fees and expenses after any waivers or reductions of any of the portfolio companies (0.40%). FINANCIAL INFORMATION Accumulation Unit Values We provide Accumulation Unit value history for each of the Separate Account variable investment options in Appendix A. Financial Statements Financial statements of the Subaccounts of the Separate Account and our company are included in the Statement of Additional Information. To learn how to get a copy, see the front or back page of this prospectus. CHARGES EXPLAINED ( = Base Policy Fee; = Optional Rider Fee) The following adds to information provided in the CHARGES section. Please review both prospectus sections for information on charges. WITHDRAWAL CHARGE NONE MORTALITY AND EXPENSE RISK CHARGE We impose a daily fee to compensate us for the mortality and expense risks we have under the Policy. This fee is equal to an annual rate of 1.25% of the value of the net assets in the Separate Account. This fee is reflected in the Accumulation Unit values for each Subaccount. Our mortality risk arises from our obligation to make annuity payments and to pay death benefits prior to the Annuity Date. The mortality risk we assume is that annuitants will live longer than we project, so our cost in making annuity payments will be higher than projected. However, an Annuitant's own longevity, or improvement in general life expectancy, will not affect the periodic annuity payments we pay under your Policy. Another mortality risk we assume is that at your death the death benefit we pay will be greater than the Policy value. Our expense risk is that our costs to administer your Policy will exceed the amount we collect through administrative charges. If the mortality and expense risk charge does not cover our costs, we bear the loss, not you. If the charge exceeds our costs, the excess is our profit. If the withdrawal charge does not cover our Policy distribution costs, the deficiency is met from our general account assets, which may include amounts, if any, derived from this mortality and expense risk charge15 ADMINISTRATIVE CHARGES Administrative fees help us cover our cost to administer your Policy. Administrative Expense Fee This fee is equal to an annual rate of 0.15% of the value of the net assets in the Separate Account. This fee is reflected in the Accumulation Unit values for each Subaccount. Annual Policy Fee Currently $36. We reserve the right to charge an annual Policy fee not to exceed $40. Any Policy Fee is deducted from your Policy value on the last Business Day of each Policy Year and upon a complete surrender. This fee is levied by canceling Accumulation Units and making a deduction from the Fixed Account. It is deducted from each Subaccount and the Fixed Account in the same proportion that the value in each Subaccount and the Fixed Account bears to the total Policy value. However, the Fixed Account share of this fee will never exceed $30 per year. We currently waive any Policy Fee if the Policy value is at least $50,000. TRANSFER FEE The first 15 transfers per Policy Year from Subaccounts or the Fixed Account are free. A transfer fee of $10 may be imposed for any transfer in excess of 15 per Policy Year. The transfer fee is deducted pro rata from each Subaccount (and, if applicable, the Fixed Account) in which the Owner is invested. TAX CHARGES New York currently does not level any premium tax on annuity policies. No charges are currently made for taxes other than premium taxes. We reserve the right to levy charges in the future for taxes or other costs resulting from taxes that we determine are properly attributable to the Separate Account. FEES CHARGED BY THE PORTFOLIOS Each Subaccount's underlying portfolio has investment advisory fees and expenses. They are described in more detail in each fund's prospectus. A portfolio's fees and expenses are not deducted from your Policy value. Instead, they are reflected in the daily value of portfolio shares which, in turn, will affect the daily Accumulation Unit value of the Subaccounts. These fees and expenses help to pay the portfolio's investment advisory and operating expenses. OPTIONAL FEATURES' CHARGES The optional feature is principally described in the prospectus section noted below: Optional Feature Optional Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefit features Prospectus Section Where It Is Covered POLICY DISTRIBUTIONS: Death Benefits Charges for the optional feature are shown in this prospectus' CHARGES section. WAIVER OF CERTAIN CHARGES When the Policy is sold in a manner that results in savings of sales or administrative expenses, we reserve the right to waive all or part of any fee we charge under the Policy (excluding fees charged by the portfolios). Factors we consider include one or more of the following: size and type of group to whom the Policy is issued; amount of expected premiums; relationship with us (employee of us or an affiliated company, receiving distributions or making transfers from other policies we or one of our affiliates issue or transferring amounts held under qualified retirement plans we or one of our affiliates sponsor); type and frequency of administrative and sales services provided; or level of annual maintenance fee and withdrawal charges. In an exchange of another policy we or an affiliated company issued and where the withdrawal charge has been waived, the withdrawal charge for this Policy may be determined based on the dates premiums were received in the prior policy. Any fee waiver will not be discriminatory and will be done according to our rules in effect at the time the Policy is issued. We reserve the right to change these rules. The right to waive any fees may be subject to state approval16 INVESTMENT OPTIONS We recognize you have very personal goals and investment strategies. The Policy allows you to choose from a wide array of investment options - each chosen for its potential to meet specific investment objectives. You may allocate all or a part of your premiums among the Separate Account variable investment options or the Fixed Account fixed interest rate option. Allocations must be in whole percentages and total 100%. The variable investment options, which invest in underlying portfolios, are listed and described this section of the prospectus. SEPARATE ACCOUNT VARIABLE INVESTMENT OPTIONS The Separate Account provides you with variable investment options in the form of underlying portfolio investments. Each underlying portfolio is an open-end investment management company. When you allocate investments to an underlying portfolio, those investments are placed in a Subaccount of the Separate Account corresponding to that portfolio, and the Subaccount in turn invests in the portfolio. The Policy value of your Policy depends directly on the investment performance of the portfolios that you select. The Separate Account is registered with the SEC as a unit investment trust. The value of your Policy will increase or decrease based on the investment performance of the variable investment options you choose. The investment results of each variable investment option are likely to differ significantly, and vary over time. They do not earn a fixed interest rate. Please consider carefully, and on a continuing basis, which investment options best suit your long-term investment objectives and risk tolerance. The underlying portfolios in the Separate Account are NOT publicly traded mutual funds, and are NOT the same as other publicly traded mutual funds with very similar names. They are only available as separate account investment options in life insurance or variable annuity policies issued by insurance companies, or through participation in certain qualified pension or retirement plans. Even if the investment options and policies of some underlying portfolios available under the Policy may be very similar to the investment objectives and policies of publicly traded mutual funds that may be managed by the same investment adviser, the investment performance and results of the portfolios available under the Policy may vary significantly from the investment results of such other publicly traded mutual funds. You should read the prospectuses for the underlying portfolios together with this prospectus for more information. However, the SEC does not supervise the management or the investment practices or policies of the Separate Account or Ameritas Life of NY. The Separate Account was established as a separate investment account of First Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York under New York law on March 21, Effective October 1, 2011 First Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York changed its name to Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York. The name of the Separate Account was changed from "First Ameritas Variable Annuity Separate Account" to "Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VA" by action of the Board of Directors of Ameritas Life of NY on March 1, Under New York law, we own the Separate Account assets, but they are held separately from our other assets and are not charged with any liability or credited with any gain of business unrelated to the Separate Account. Any and all distributions made by the underlying portfolios, with respect to the shares held by the Separate Account, will be reinvested in additional shares at net asset value. We are responsible to you for meeting the obligations of the Policy, but we do not guarantee the investment performance of any of the variable investment options' underlying portfolios. We do not make any representations about their future performance. You bear the risk that the variable investment options you select may fail to meet their objectives, that they could go down in value, and that you could lose principal. Each Subaccount's underlying portfolio operates as a separate variable investment option, and the income or loss of one generally has no effect on the investment performance of any other. Complete descriptions of each portfolio's investment objectives and restrictions and other material information related to an investment in the variable investment option are contained in the prospectuses for each of the underlying portfolios which accompany this prospectus17 This information is just a summary for each underlying portfolio. You should read the prospectus for an underlying portfolio for more information about that portfolio, including detailed information about the portfolio s fees and expenses, investment strategy and investment objectives, restrictions, and potential risks. To get a copy of any portfolio prospectus, contact your representative or us as shown on the Table of Contents page or the last page of this prospectus. The Subaccount underlying portfolios listed below are designed primarily as investments for variable annuity and variable life insurance policies issued by insurance companies. They are not publicly traded mutual funds available for direct purchase by you. There is no assurance the investment objectives will be met. FUND NAME Portfolio Name Subadviser(s) INVESTMENT ADVISER Portfolio Type / Summary of Investment Objective Calvert Variable Products, Inc.* Calvert Investment Management, Inc. Calvert VP S&P MidCap 400 Index Portfolio, Class I Summit Index: S&P MidCap 400 Index. Investment Advisors, Inc. Calvert Variable Series, Inc.* Calvert Investment Management, Inc. Calvert VP Money Market Portfolio No Subadviser Money market: current income. Calvert VP SRI Balanced Portfolio Equity Portion: New Income and capital growth. Amsterdam Partners LLC; Fixed Income Portion: No Subadviser Calvert VP SRI Strategic Portfolio Thornburg Investment Management, Inc. Long-term capital appreciation; current income is secondary. Fidelity Variable Insurance Products Fidelity Management & Research Company Fidelity VIP Contrafund Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Long-term capital appreciation. Fidelity VIP Equity-Income Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Index: S&P 500 Index. Fidelity VIP Growth Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Capital Appreciation. Fidelity VIP High Income Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Income and growth. Fidelity VIP Investment Grade Bond Portfolio, Service Class 2 2,3 Bond. Fidelity VIP Overseas Portfolio, Service Class 2 1,3 Long-term growth. Subadvisers: (1) FMR Co., Inc.; (2) Fidelity Investments Money Management, Inc.; and (3) other investment advisers serve as sub-advisers for the fund. Third Avenue Variable Series Trust Third Avenue Management LLC Third Avenue Value Portfolio Long-term capital appreciation. * These funds are part of, and their investment adviser and Summit Investment Advisors, Inc. are indirect subsidiaries of the UNIFI Mutual Holding Company (UNIFI ), the ultimate parent of Ameritas Life of NY. Also, Calvert Investment Distributors, Inc., an indirect subsidiary of UNIFI, is the underwriter for these funds. Appendix A: Accumulation Unit Values provides current and historical fund and portfolio names. Adding, Deleting, or Substituting Variable Investment Options We do not control the Subaccounts' underlying portfolios, so we cannot guarantee that any of the portfolios will always be available. We retain the right to change the investments of the Separate Account, and to eliminate the shares of any Subaccount's underlying portfolio and substitute shares of another series fund portfolio, if the shares of an underlying portfolio are no longer available for investment or if, in our judgment, investment in the portfolio would be inappropriate in view of the purposes of the Separate Account. We may add new Separate Account underlying portfolios, or eliminate existing underlying portfolios, when, in our sole discretion, conditions warrant a change. In all of these situations, we will receive any necessary SEC and state approval before making any such change. Our Separate Account may be (i) operated as an investment management company or any other form permitted by law, (ii) deregistered with the SEC if registration is no longer required, or (iii) combined with one or more other separate accounts. To the extent permitted by law, we also may transfer assets of the Separate Account to other accounts. Where permitted by applicable law, we reserve the right to remove, combine or add Subaccounts. Subaccounts may be closed to new or subsequent premium payments, transfers or premium allocations. We will receive any necessary SEC and state approval before making any of these changes. We will notify you of any changes to the variable investment options18 Resolving Material Conflicts Underlying Investment Interests In addition to serving as underlying portfolios to the Subaccounts, the portfolios are available to registered separate accounts of other insurance companies offering variable annuity and variable life insurance contracts. We do not currently foresee any disadvantages to you resulting from the fund companies selling portfolio shares to fund other products. However, there is a possibility that a material conflict of interest may arise between Policy Owners and the owners of variable contracts issued by other companies whose values are allocated to one of the portfolios. Shares of some of the portfolios may also be sold to certain qualified pension and retirement plans qualifying under section 401 of the Internal Revenue Code. As a result, there is a possibility that a material conflict may arise between the interests of Owners or owners of other contracts (including contracts issued by other companies), and such retirement plans or participants in such retirement plans. In the event of a material conflict, we will take any necessary steps to resolve the matter, including removing that portfolio as an underlying investment option of the Separate Account. The Board of Directors of each fund company will monitor events in order to identify any material conflicts that may arise and determine what action, if any, should be taken in response to those events or conflicts. See the accompanying prospectuses of the portfolios for more information. (Also see the Transfers section, Omnibus Orders.) FIXED ACCOUNT INVESTMENT OPTION There is one fixed interest rate option ("Fixed Account"), where we bear the investment risk. We guarantee that you will earn a minimum interest rate that will yield at least 3% per year, compounded annually. We may declare a higher current interest rate. However, you bear the risk that we will not credit more interest than will yield the minimum guaranteed rate per year for the life of the Policy. We have sole discretion over how assets allocated to the Fixed Account are invested, and we bear the risk that those assets will perform better or worse than the amount of interest we have declared. Net Premiums allocated to and transfers to the Fixed Account under the Policy become part of our general account assets, which support annuity and insurance obligations. Interest in the general account has not been registered with the SEC and is not subject to SEC regulation, nor is the general account registered as an investment company with the SEC. The general account includes all of our assets, except those assets segregated in separate accounts. We have sole discretion to invest the assets of the general account, subject to applicable law. Assets in the Fixed Account are subject to claims by creditors of the company. The focus of this prospectus is to disclose the Separate Account aspects of the Policy. Therefore, SEC staff have not reviewed the Fixed Account disclosures in this prospectus. TRANSFERS The Policy is designed for long-term investment, not for use with professional "market timing" services or use with programmed, large or frequent transfers. Excessive transfers could harm other Policy Owners by having a detrimental effect on investment portfolio management. In addition to the right of the portfolios to impose redemption fees on short-term trading, we reserve the right to reject any specific premium allocation or transfer request, if in the judgment of a Subaccount portfolio fund advisor, a Subaccount portfolio would be unable to invest effectively in accordance with its investment objectives and policies, or if Policy owners would otherwise potentially be adversely affected. Transferring money out of a Subaccount within 60 days of a purchase may be considered market timing. However, any portfolio fund adviser may establish its own standards, and each transaction may be evaluated on its own. Ultimately the portfolio fund adviser has the authority to make this determination. Prior to the Annuity Date, you may transfer Policy value from one Subaccount to another, from the Separate Account to the Fixed Account, or from the Fixed Account to any Subaccount, subject to these rules: Transfer Rules: A transfer is considered any single request to move assets from one or more Subaccounts or the Fixed Account to one or more of the other Subaccounts or the Fixed Account. We must receive notice of the transfer - either by Written Notice, an authorized telephone transaction, or by Internet when available. Transfer requests by facsimile, telephone or Internet must be sent to us by 4:00 p.m. Eastern Time for same-day processing. Requests received later are processed on the next trading day. Fax requests must be sent to us at If requests are faxed elsewhere, we will process them as of the day they are received by our trading unit19 The transferred amount must be at least $250, or the entire Subaccount or Fixed Account value if it is less. (If the value remaining after a transfer will be less than $250 in a Subaccount or $100 in the Fixed Account, we will include that amount as part of the transfer.) - If the Dollar Cost Averaging systematic transfer program is used, then the minimum transfer amount out of a Subaccount or the Fixed Account is the lesser of $250 or the balance in the Subaccount or Fixed Account. Under this program, the maximum amount that may be transferred from the Fixed Account each month is 1/36 th of the value of the Fixed Account at the time the Dollar Cost Averaging program is established. While a Dollar Cost Averaging program is in effect, elective transfers out of the Fixed Account are prohibited. - The Portfolio Rebalancing and Earnings Sweep systematic transfer programs have no minimum transfer limits. The first 15 transfers each Policy Year are free. Thereafter, transfers may result in a $10 charge for each transfer. This fee is deducted on a pro-rata basis from balances in all Subaccounts and the Fixed Account; it is not subtracted from the amount of the transfer. Transfers under any systematic transfer program do count toward the 15 free transfer limit. A transfer from the Fixed Account (except made pursuant to a systematic transfer program): - may be made only once each Policy Year; - may be delayed up to six months; - is limited during any Policy Year to the greatest of: - 25% of the Fixed account value on the date of the initial transfer during that year; - the greatest amount of any similar transfer out of the Fixed Account during the previous 13 months; or - $1,000. We reserve the right to limit transfers, or to modify transfer privileges, and we reserve the right to change the transfer rules at any time. If the Policy value in any Subaccount falls below $250, we may transfer the remaining balance, without charge, proportionately to the remaining investment options you selected in your latest allocation instructions. We will notify you when such a transfer occurs. You may, within 60 days of the date of our notice, reallocate the amount transferred, without charge, to another investment option. In the event you authorize telephone or Internet transfers, we are not liable for telephone or Internet instructions that we in good faith believe you authorized. We will employ reasonable procedures to confirm that instructions are genuine. Omnibus Orders Purchase and redemption orders received by the portfolios generally are "omnibus" orders from intermediaries such as retirement plans and separate accounts funding variable insurance products. The omnibus orders reflect the aggregation and netting of multiple orders from individual retirement plan participants and individual owners of variable insurance products. The omnibus nature of these orders may limit the ability of the portfolios to apply their respective disruptive trading policies and procedures. We cannot guarantee that the portfolios will not be harmed by transfer activity relating to the retirement plans or other insurance companies that may invest in the portfolios. These other insurance companies are responsible for their own policies and procedures regarding frequent transfer activity. If their policies and procedures fail to successfully discourage harmful transfer activity, it will affect other owners of portfolio shares, as well as the owners of all variable life insurance or variable annuity contracts, including ours, whose variable investment options correspond to the affected portfolios. In addition, if a portfolio believes that an omnibus order that we submit may reflect one or more transfer requests from Owners engaged in disruptive trading, the portfolio may reject the entire omnibus order and thereby delay or prevent us from implementing your request. Disruptive Trading Procedures The Policy is not designed to serve as a vehicle for frequent trading in response to short-term fluctuations in the market. Such frequent trading, programmed transfers, or transfers that are large in relation to the total assets of a Subaccount's underlying portfolio can disrupt management of a Subaccount's underlying portfolio and raise expenses. This in turn can hurt performance of an affected Subaccount and therefore hurt your Policy's performance. Organizations or individuals that use market timing investment strategies and make frequent or other disruptive transfers should not purchase the Policy. Policy Owners should be aware that we are contractually obligated to provide Policy Owner transaction data relating to trading activities to the underlying funds on Written Request and, on receipt of written instructions from a fund, to restrict or prohibit further purchases or transfers by Policy Owners identified by an underlying fund as having engaged in transactions that violate the trading policies of the fund20 We reserve the right to reject or restrict, in our sole discretion, transfers initiated by a market timing organization or individual or other party authorized to give transfer instructions. We further reserve the right to impose restrictions on transfers that we determine, in our sole discretion, will disadvantage or potentially hurt the rights or interests of other Policy Owners. Restrictions may include changing, suspending or terminating telephone, on-line and facsimile transfer privileges. We will enforce any Subaccount underlying portfolio manager's restrictions imposed upon transfers considered by the manager to be disruptive. Our disruptive trading procedures may vary from Subaccount to Subaccount, and may also vary due to differences in operational systems and contract provisions. Any Subaccount restrictions will be uniformly applied. There is no assurance that the measures we take will be effective in preventing market timing or other excessive transfer activity. Our ability to detect and deter disruptive trading and to consistently apply our disruptive trading procedures may be limited by operational systems and technological limitations. The discretionary nature of our disruptive trading procedures may result in some Policy Owners being able to market time while other Policy Owners bear the harm associated with timing. Also, because other insurance companies and retirement plans may invest in Subaccount underlying portfolios, we cannot guarantee that Subaccount underlying portfolios will not suffer harm from disruptive trading within contracts issued by them. Excessive Transfers We reserve the right to restrict transfers if we determine you are engaging in a pattern of transfers that may disadvantage Policy Owners. In making this determination, we will consider, among other things: the total dollar amount being transferred; the number of transfers you make over a period of time; whether your transfers follow a pattern designed to take advantage of short term market fluctuations, particularly within certain Subaccount underlying portfolios; whether your transfers are part of a group of transfers made by a third party on behalf of individual Policy Owners in the group; and the investment objectives and/or size of the Subaccount underlying portfolio. Third Party Traders We reserve the right to restrict transfers by any firm or any other third party authorized to initiate transfers on behalf of multiple Policy Owners if we determine such third party trader is engaging in a pattern of transfers that may disadvantage Policy Owners. In making this determination, we may, among other things: reject the transfer instructions of any agent acting under a power of attorney on behalf of more than one Policy Owner, or reject the transfer or exchange instructions of individual Policy Owners who have executed transfer forms which are submitted by market timing firms or other third parties on behalf of more than one Policy Owner. We will notify affected Policy Owners before we limit transfers, modify transfer procedures or refuse to complete a transfer. Transfers made pursuant to participation in a dollar cost averaging, portfolio rebalancing, or earnings sweep program are not subject to these disruptive trading procedures. See the section of this prospectus describing those programs for the rules of each program. SYSTEMATIC TRANSFER PROGRAMS We offer several systematic transfer programs. We reserve the right to alter or terminate these programs upon thirty days written notice. Dollar Cost Averaging The Dollar Cost Averaging program allows you to automatically transfer, on a periodic basis, a set dollar amount or percentage from the Money Market Subaccount or the Fixed Account to any other Subaccount(s) or the Fixed Account. Requested percentages are converted to a dollar amount. You can begin Dollar Cost Averaging when you purchase the Policy or later. You can increase or decrease the amount or percentage of transfers or discontinue the program at any time. Dollar Cost Averaging programs are intended to limit loss and result in the purchase of more Accumulation Units when a portfolio's value is low, and fewer units when its value is high. However, there is no guarantee that such a program will result in a higher Policy value, protect against a loss, or otherwise achieve your investment goals  View more














Similar documents





Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY")



        Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY") Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VUL Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VA ("Separate Accounts") Supplement to: Overture Encore!    

        More information 




Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY")



        Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York ("Ameritas Life of NY") Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VUL Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VA ("Separate Accounts") Supplement to: Overture Encore!    

        More information 




Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. ("Ameritas Life") Ameritas Variable Separate Account VL and Ameritas Variable Separate Account VA ("Separate Accounts")



        Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. ("Ameritas Life") Ameritas Variable Separate Account VL and Ameritas Variable Separate Account VA ("Separate Accounts") Supplement to: Executive Select, Regent 2000, and Allocator    

        More information 




Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. ("Ameritas Life") Ameritas Variable Separate Account VL and Ameritas Variable Separate Account VA ("Separate Accounts")



        Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. ("Ameritas Life") Ameritas Variable Separate Account VL and Ameritas Variable Separate Account VA ("Separate Accounts") Supplement to: Executive Select, Regent 2000, and Allocator    

        More information 




Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. ("Ameritas Life") Ameritas Variable Separate Account V ("Separate Account")



        Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. ("Ameritas Life") Ameritas Variable Separate Account V ("Separate Account") Supplement to: Overture Viva! Prospectus Dated May 1, 2007 and Statement of Additional Information    

        More information 




Variable Deferred Annuity



        May 1, 2015 State Farm Life Insurance Company P R O S P E C T U S Variable Deferred Annuity profile Profile Dated May 1, 2015 STATE FARM VARIABLE DEFERRED ANNUITY POLICY STATE FARM LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY    

        More information 




CENTURY II VARIABLE UNIVERSAL LIFE PROSPECTUS INDIVIDUAL FLEXIBLE PREMIUM VARIABLE LIFE INSURANCE CONTRACT



        CENTURY II VARIABLE UNIVERSAL LIFE PROSPECTUS INDIVIDUAL FLEXIBLE PREMIUM VARIABLE LIFE INSURANCE CONTRACT KANSAS CITY LIFE VARIABLE LIFE SEPARATE ACCOUNT OF KANSAS CITY LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY Street Address:    

        More information 




Excel Performance Variable Universal Life Prospectus May 1, 2016



        Excel Performance Variable Universal Life Prospectus May 1, 2016 Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. LI 1253 5-16 PROSPECTUS: May 1, 2016 Excel Performance VUL Individual Flexible Premium Variable Universal    

        More information 




KANSAS CITY LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY. Kansas City Life Variable Life Separate Account



        KANSAS CITY LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY Kansas City Life Variable Life Separate Account Supplement dated May 1, 2015 to the Prospectus dated May 1, 2015 for the Century II Variable Universal Life Insurance    

        More information 




The rates below apply for applications signed between December 15, 2015 and January 14, 2016. Income Growth Rate: 6.00% Income Percentages



        PRUDENTIAL DEFINED INCOME ( PDI ) VARIABLE ANNUITY PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY PRUCO LIFE FLEXIBLE PREMIUM VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY OF NEW JERSEY PRUCO LIFE of NEW JERSEY    

        More information 




AFAdvantage Variable Annuity



        AFAdvantage Variable Annuity from May 1, 2013 AFAdvantage Variable Annuity issued by American Fidelity Separate Account B and American Fidelity Assurance Company PROSPECTUS May 1, 2013 American Fidelity    

        More information 




No-Load Variable Annuity



        May 1, 2008 P ROSPECTUS T. ROWE PRICE No-Load Variable Annuity ISSUED BY SECURITY BENEFIT LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY  VARIABLE ANNUITY PROSPECTUS T. Rowe Price No-Load Variable Annuity An Individual Flexible    

        More information 




Guaranteed Income for Life (GIFL) Rollover Variable Annuity IRA



        GIFL_Prospectus Cvr_Prdt 0414:Layout 1 4/29/14 10:36 AM Page 2 Guaranteed Income for Life (GIFL) Rollover Variable Annuity IRA PROSPECTUS Exclusively available for 401(k) plan participants with the John    

        More information 




Allstate ChoiceRate Annuity



        Allstate ChoiceRate Annuity Allstate Life Insurance Company P.O. Box 80469 Lincoln, NE 68501-0469 Telephone Number: 1-800-203-0068 Fax Number: 1-866-628-1006 Prospectus dated May 1, 2008 Allstate Life    

        More information 




Variable Universal Life Insurance Policy



        May 1, 2015 State Farm Life Insurance Company P R O S P E C T U S Variable Universal Life Insurance Policy prospectus PROSPECTUS DATED MAY 1, 2015 INDIVIDUAL FLEXIBLE PREMIUM VARIABLE UNIVERSAL LIFE INSURANCE    

        More information 




TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE GENERAL INFORMATION B-3 CERTAIN FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES B-3 PUBLISHED RATINGS B-7 ADMINISTRATION B-7



        STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION INDIVIDUAL VARIABLE ANNUITY ISSUED BY JEFFERSON NATIONAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY AND JEFFERSON NATIONAL LIFE ANNUITY ACCOUNT G ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICE: P.O. BOX 36840,    

        More information 




hij abc MultiOption Annuities Prospectus May 1, 2015



        Prospectus May 1, 2015 Prospectus for MultiOption Annuities (Flexible, Single) May 1, 2015 Securian MultiOption Annuities Combination fixed and variable annuity contracts for personal retirement plans.    

        More information 




American Legacy Fusion variable annuity



        American Legacy Fusion variable annuity May 1, 2015 Product Prospectus This document and many others can be read online by signing up for edelivery! Make a positive environmental impact by signing up today!    

        More information 




Advisor s Edge Variable Annuity Prospectus May 2015



        Advisor s Edge Variable Annuity Prospectus May 2015 Advisor s Edge Variable Annuity Prospectus VAE0515 Annuities issued in all states except New York by Transamerica Premier Life Insurance Company, Cedar    

        More information 




Hy7hn MONUMENT ADVISOR JEFFERSON NATIONAL LIFE ANNUITY ACCOUNT G. May 1, 2015 PROSPECTUS



        Hy7hn MONUMENT ADVISOR JEFFERSON NATIONAL LIFE ANNUITY ACCOUNT G May 1, 2015 PROSPECTUS Monument Advisor Individual Variable Annuity Issued by: JEFFERSON NATIONAL LIFE ANNUITY ACCOUNT G AND JEFFERSON NATIONAL    

        More information 




The Hartford Saver Solution SM A FIXED INDEX ANNUITY DISCLOSURE STATEMENT



        The Hartford Saver Solution SM A FIXED INDEX ANNUITY DISCLOSURE STATEMENT  THE HARTFORD SAVER SOLUTION SM FIXED INDEX ANNUITY DISCLOSURE STATEMENT This Disclosure Statement provides important information    

        More information 




The Hartford Saver Solution Choice SM A FIXED INDEX ANNUITY DISCLOSURE STATEMENT



        The Hartford Saver Solution Choice SM A FIXED INDEX ANNUITY DISCLOSURE STATEMENT  THE HARTFORD SAVER SOLUTION CHOICE SM FIXED INDEX ANNUITY DISCLOSURE STATEMENT This Disclosure Statement provides important    

        More information 




ATHENE ANNUITY AND LIFE COMPANY ALAC Separate Account 1. Visionary Variable Annuity Visionary Choice Variable Annuity



        ATHENE ANNUITY AND LIFE COMPANY ALAC Separate Account 1 Supplement Dated April 22, 2016 to the Prospectus and Statement of Additional Information Dated October 1, 2008 for Visionary Variable Annuity Visionary    

        More information 




SUPPLEMENT TO CALVERT VP NATURAL RESOURCES PORTFOLIO. Calvert Variable Products Portfolios Prospectus (Calvert VP Index Portfolios) dated May 1, 2016



        SUPPLEMENT TO CALVERT VP NATURAL RESOURCES PORTFOLIO Calvert Variable Products Portfolios Prospectus (Calvert VP Index Portfolios) dated May 1, 2016 Calvert VP Natural Resources Portfolio Summary Prospectus    

        More information 




"This notice is not part of the accompanying prospectus"



        We no longer offer certain of our variable annuity products and are not required to update the annuity prospectuses for such products. We maintain on this site, for your reference, the most recent annuity    

        More information 




Voya SmartDesign Multi-Rate Index Annuity



        Voya Insurance and Annuity Company Deferred Modified Guaranteed Annuity Prospectus Voya SmartDesign Multi-Rate Index Annuity May 1, 2015 This prospectus describes Voya SmartDesign Multi-Rate Index Annuity,    

        More information 




MML Series Investment Fund II MML Blend Fund MML Equity Fund MML Managed Bond Fund MML Money Market Fund



        Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company Massachusetts Mutual Variable Annuity Separate Account 1 (For Tax-Qualified Arrangements) Massachusetts Mutual Variable Annuity Separate Account 2 (For Non-Tax    

        More information 




Lincoln ChoicePlus SM Design variable annuity



        FOR INCOME Prospectus Lincoln ChoicePlus SM Design variable annuity May 1, 2012 This document and many others can be read online by signing up for edelivery! Make a positive environmental impact by signing    

        More information 




Variable Annuity. Transamerica Retirement Income Plus SM. Prospectus May 2015



        Transamerica Retirement Income Plus SM Prospectus May 2015 Variable Annuity edelivery from Transamerica Less paper conserves natural resources No waiting for the mail Receive documents electronically Store    

        More information 




19801NY 12/01/12 Exp. 01/15/13 '2012 Genworth Financial, Inc. All rights reserved. Page 1 of 13



        as of November 30, 2012 For contracts issued on or after May 1, 2003 RetireReady SM Choice NY 19801NY 12/01/12 Exp. 01/15/13 '2012 Genworth Financial, Inc. All rights reserved. Page 1 of 13 IMPORTANT INFORMATION    

        More information 




FLEXIBLE PAYMENT VARIABLE ANNUITY



        THE NORTHWESTERN MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY May 1, 2016 GO PAPERLESS! See back cover for details. FLEXIBLE PAYMENT VARIABLE ANNUITY Account B Individual flexible payment variable annuity contracts for:    

        More information 




RELIASTAR LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY



        RELIASTAR LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY and its SELECT*LIFE SEPARATE ACCOUNT RELIASTAR SELECT VARIABLE ACCOUNT Supplement Dated June 14, 2010 This supplement updates and amends certain information contained in    

        More information 




MEMBERS Variable Annuity Series



        MEMBERS Variable Annuity Series Prospectus May 2015 edelivery from Transamerica Less paper conserves natural resources No waiting for the mail Receive documents electronically Store documents securely    

        More information 




Transamerica Variable Annuity Series Prospectus May 2015



        Transamerica Variable Annuity Series Prospectus May 2015 edelivery from Transamerica Less paper conserves natural resources No waiting for the mail Receive documents electronically Store documents securely    

        More information 




Variable Annuity Prospectus



        Allianz Index Advantage New York Variable Annuity Allianz Life Insurance Company of New York www.allianzlife.com/newyork/ Allianz Index Advantage New York Variable Annuity Prospectus Individual flexible-payment    

        More information 




RetireReady SM Selections NY a variable annuity issued by Genworth Life Insurance Company of New York



        as of November 30, 2012 RetireReady SM Selections NY 19807NY 12/01/12 Exp. 01/15/13 '2012 Genworth Financial, Inc. All rights reserved. Page 1 of 14 IMPORTANT INFORMATION The following information is designed    

        More information 




Voya Insurance and Annuity Company and its Separate Account B. Voya Focus Variable Annuity



        Voya Insurance and Annuity Company and its Separate Account B Voya Focus Variable Annuity Supplement dated June 9, 2015 to the Contract Prospectus and Statement of Additional Information, each dated April    

        More information 




Valued Client Owner Age: 60 State of Issue: Michigan. Death Benefit: Maximum Daily Value II



        ForeRetirement TM III B-Share Prepared for: Valued Client Owner Age: 60 State of Issue: Michigan Prepared on: April 30, 2015 Prepared by: Guest User Firm Name: Guest Input Summary: Initial Investment:    

        More information 




Sentinel Benefit Provider A Variable Universal Life Insurance Policy Intended Primarily for the Corporate Market P R O S P E C T U S Dated May 1, 2009



        Sentinel Benefit Provider A Variable Universal Life Insurance Policy Intended Primarily for the Corporate Market P R O S P E C T U S Dated May 1, 2009 National Life Insurance Company Home Office: National    

        More information 




ING LIFE INSURANCE AND ANNUITY COMPANY VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT C ING EXPRESS VARIABLE ANNUITY CONTRACT PROSPECTUS MAY 1, 2009



        ING LIFE INSURANCE AND ANNUITY COMPANY VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT C ING EXPRESS VARIABLE ANNUITY CONTRACT PROSPECTUS MAY 1, 2009 The Contracts. The contracts described in this prospectus are flexible premium,    

        More information 




Structured Capital Strategies SM Variable Annuity prospectus



        Structured Capital Strategies SM Variable Annuity prospectus September 27, 2010 Variable Annuities: Are Not a Deposit of Any Bank Are Not FDIC Insured Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency Are    

        More information 




"This notice is not part of the accompanying prospectus"



        We no longer offer certain of our variable annuity products and are not required to update the annuity prospectuses for such products. We maintain on this site, for your reference, the most recent annuity    

        More information 




Advisor s Edge Variable Annuity Product Guide



        Advisor s Edge Variable Annuity Product Guide Advisor s Edge Product Guide Annuities issued by: Monumental Life Insurance Company Cedar Rapids, IA Underwritten and distributed by Transamerica Capital,    

        More information 




JEFFERSON NATIONAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY JEFFERSON NATIONAL LIFE ANNUITY ACCOUNT H JEFFERSON NATIONAL LIFE ANNUITY ACCOUNT I



        JEFFERSON NATIONAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY JEFFERSON NATIONAL LIFE ANNUITY ACCOUNT H JEFFERSON NATIONAL LIFE ANNUITY ACCOUNT I Rule 497 (e) 333-90737, 333-53836 SUPPLEMENT DATED DECEMBER 16, 2008 TO PROSPECTUS    

        More information 




Action: Notice of application for an order approving the substitution of certain securities



        SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Investment Company Act Release No. 30564; File No. 812-14109 American Family Life Insurance Company, et al. June 20, 2013 Agency: Securities and Exchange Commission (    

        More information 




BUYING A VARIABLE ANNUITY CONTRACT THROUGH CETERA FINANCIAL SPECIALISTS LLC



        Cetera Financial Specialists LLC 200 N. Martingale Road Schaumburg, IL 60173-2096 BUYING A VARIABLE ANNUITY CONTRACT THROUGH CETERA FINANCIAL SPECIALISTS LLC General Considerations Before you buy any insurance    

        More information 




Guide to buying annuities



        Guide to buying annuities Summary of the key points contained in this disclosure document Before you purchase your annuity contract, make sure that you read and understand this guide. While reading this    

        More information 




NEA Valuebuilder Select SM Prospectus dated May 1, 2013



        NEA Valuebuilder Select SM Prospectus dated May 1, 2013 A Modified Single Premium Deferred Variable Annuity Contract Issued by Nationwide Life Insurance Company Through its Nationwide Variable Account    

        More information 




Allianz MasterDex 10 Plus Annuity



        Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America Allianz MasterDex 10 SM Plus Annuity Start building today the life you want tomorrow CB51288-03 Page 1 of 16 Discover the MasterDex 10 Plus SM Annuity from    

        More information 




Principal Investment Plus Variable Annuity SM. Prospectus (FOR APPLICATIONS SIGNED ON OR AFTER AUGUST 1, 2013) Prospectus.



        Principal Investment Plus Variable Annuity SM Prospectus Prospectus (FOR APPLICATIONS SIGNED ON OR AFTER AUGUST 1, 2013) May 1, 2013 2012 November August 1, 2, 2013 2015 Sign up for edelivery! principal.com,    

        More information 




Discretionary Investment Management Agreement. Premier SEP IRA. Ameritas Investment Corp. 5900 "O" Street Lincoln, NE 68510-2234



        Discretionary Investment Management Agreement Premier SEP IRA Ameritas Investment Corp. 5900 "O" Street Lincoln, NE 68510-2234 DISCRETIONARY INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT AGREEMENT Ameritas Investment Corp. By    

        More information 




Columbia Funds Series Trust Columbia Large Cap Growth Fund II Columbia Large Cap Growth Fund III. Columbia Large Cap Growth Fund



        Columbia Funds Series Trust Columbia Large Cap Growth Fund II Columbia Large Cap Growth Fund III Columbia Large Cap Growth Fund V Columbia International Value Fund Columbia International Opportunities    

        More information 




Guide to buying annuities



        Guide to buying annuities Summary of the key points contained in this disclosure document Before you purchase your annuity contract, make sure that you read and understand this guide. While reading this    

        More information 




The Basics of Annuities: Income Beyond the Paycheck



        The Basics of Annuities: PLANNING FOR INCOME NEEDS TABLE OF CONTENTS Income Beyond the Paycheck...1 The Facts of Retirement...2 What Is an Annuity?...2 What Type of Annuity Is Right for Me?...2 Payment    

        More information 




Allianz Vision SM Prospectus



        Allianz Life Insurance Company of New York www.allianzlife.com/newyork/ Allianz Vision New York Variable Annuity Allianz Vision SM Prospectus New York Variable Annuity Individual flexible-payment deferred    

        More information 




The Basics of Annuities: Planning for Income Needs



        March 2013 The Basics of Annuities: Planning for Income Needs summary the facts of retirement Earning income once your paychecks stop that is, after your retirement requires preparing for what s to come    

        More information 




The Best of America America s VISION Annuity



        The Best of America America s VISION Annuity Prospectus dated May 1, 2016 A Deferred Variable Annuity Contract Issued by Nationwide Life Insurance Company Through its Nationwide Variable Account II Make    

        More information 




Roll-up Rate: 5% Withdrawal Percentages



        PRUDENTIAL PREMIER RETIREMENT VARIABLE ANNUITIES PRUDENTIAL PREMIER ADVISOR VARIABLE ANNUITIES (Offering Highest Daily Lifetime Income v3.0) PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY PRUCO LIFE FLEXIBLE PREMIUM VARIABLE    

        More information 




SUPPLEMENT DATED MAY 19, 2015 FIRST INVESTORS INCOME AND EQUITY FUNDS PROSPECTUS DATED JANUARY 31, 2015



        SUPPLEMENT DATED MAY 19, 2015 FIRST INVESTORS INCOME AND EQUITY FUNDS PROSPECTUS DATED JANUARY 31, 2015 FIRST INVESTORS LIFE SERIES FUNDS PROSPECTUS DATED MAY 1, 2015 1. In The Funds Summary Section for    

        More information 




Roll-up Rate: 5% Withdrawal Percentages



        PRUDENTIAL PREMIER RETIREMENT VARIABLE ANNUITIES PRUDENTIAL PREMIER ADVISOR VARIABLE ANNUITIES (Offering Highest Daily Lifetime Income v3.0) PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY PRUCO LIFE FLEXIBLE PREMIUM VARIABLE    

        More information 




Advisor s Edge Variable Annuity Product Guide Effective July 1, 2015



        Advisor s Edge Variable Annuity Product Guide Effective July 1, 2015 Advisor s Edge Product Guide Annuities issued by Transamerica Premier Life Insurance Company Cedar Rapids, IA. Annuities are underwritten    

        More information 




Sentinel Advantage Variable Annuity P R O S P E C T U S Dated May 1, 2011



        Sentinel Advantage Variable Annuity P R O S P E C T U S Dated May 1, 2011 National Life Insurance Company Home Office: National Life Drive, Montpelier, Vermont 05604 1-800-732-8939 The Contracts described    

        More information 




See Privacy Notice on Next Page.



        May 1, 2005 Farmers Variable Annuity I Prospectus. Includes prospectuses for: Franklin Templeton Variable Insurance Products Trust Janus Aspen Series PIMCO Variable Insurance Trust Scudder Variable Series    

        More information 




Delaware VIP International Value Equity Series Goldman Sachs Capital Growth Fund Goldman Sachs Core Fixed Income Fund



        ALLMERICA FINANCIAL LIFE INSURANCE AND ANNUITY COMPANY Worcester, Massachusetts This Prospectus provides important information about the Allmerica Advantage variable annuity contracts issued by Allmerica    

        More information 




Supplement Dated December 17, 2015 to your Prospectus Dated May 1, 2015



        Supplement Dated December 17, 2015 to your Prospectus Dated May 1, 2015 Name Change effective April 29, 2016: In Appendix I, the Invesco V.I. Money Market Fund is renamed Invesco V.I. Government Money    

        More information 




MINNESOTA LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY



        MINNESOTA LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY Minnesota Life Individual Variable Universal Life Account Supplement Dated August 22, 2015 to the Prospectus for Accumulator Variable Universal Life Insurance Policy (dated    

        More information 




ANNUITIES: WHAT ARE THEY AND HOW ARE THEY USED



        ANNUITIES: WHAT ARE THEY AND HOW ARE THEY USED (FORC Journal: Vol. 18 Edition 1 - Spring 2007) 1 An annuity is a contract under which the owner of the contract pays money or transfers assets to the obligor    

        More information 




Pacific Portfolios variable annuity for Chase



        Receive This Document Electronically (See Inside) This brochure contains: Prospectus dated May 1, 2015 for Pacific Portfolios variable annuity for Chase and the Privacy Notice (Inside back cover) Pacific    

        More information 




SUMMARY PROSPECTUS. TCW High Yield Bond Fund FEBRUARY 29 I SHARE: TGHYX N SHARE: TGHNX



        TCW High Yield Bond Fund I SHARE: TGHYX N SHARE: TGHNX 20 6 FEBRUARY 29 SUMMARY PROSPECTUS Before you invest, you may want to review the Fund s Prospectus which contain more information about the Fund    

        More information 




RELIASTAR LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY



        RELIASTAR LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY and its SELECT*LIFE SEPARATE ACCOUNT RELIASTAR SELECT VARIABLE ACCOUNT Supplement Dated June 14, 2010 This supplement updates and amends certain information contained in    

        More information 




Guardian Investor II SM Variable Annuity Fact Card



        THE GUARDIAN INSURANCE & ANNUITY COMPANY, INC. (GIAC) Guardian Investor II SM Variable Annuity Fact Card A Variable Annuity is a long-term financial product for retirement purposes that allows you to accumulate    

        More information 




Pruco Life Insurance Company Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey



        Pruco Life Insurance Company Pruco Life Insurance Company of New Jersey PRUDENTIAL PREMIER RETIREMENT VARIABLE ANNUITY X SERIES SM ( X SERIES ) PRUDENTIAL PREMIER RETIREMENT VARIABLE ANNUITY B SERIES SM    

        More information 




SUMMARY REVIEW COLORADO COUNTY OFFICIALS AND EMPLOYEES RETIREMENT ASSOCIATION 457 DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN FOR THE



        SUMMARY REVIEW FOR THE COLORADO COUNTY OFFICIALS AND EMPLOYEES RETIREMENT ASSOCIATION 457 DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN TABLE OF CONTENTS INTRODUCTION... i HIGHLIGHTS... 2 PARTICIPATION... 2 Eligibility to    

        More information 




Investment Advisory Agreement. Advantage Portfolio Management Program



        Investment Advisory Agreement Advantage Portfolio Management Program Dear Sirs/Madams: This Investment Advisory Agreement confirms our agreement as to the following: CLIENT NAME(s): ( Client ) ACCOUNT    

        More information 




Pinnacle MYGA SM. A Multi-Year Guaranteed Annuity



        Pinnacle MYGA SM A Multi-Year Guaranteed Annuity Delaware Life SM A Leading Provider of Annuities and Life Insurance At Delaware Life  M we are committed to providing compelling products paired with exceptional    

        More information 




Ameriprise Certificates



        PROSPECTUS Ameriprise Certificates Prospectus April 29, 2015 Cash strategies to manage your financial future Ameriprise Cash Reserve Certificate Ameriprise Flexible Savings Certificate Ameriprise Step-Up    

        More information 




Flexible Premium Deferred Variable Annuity. Go paperless. Prospectuses April 30, 2016 Thrivent Variable Annuity Account A Thrivent Series Fund, Inc.



        Flexible Premium Deferred Variable Annuity Issued by Aid Association for Lutherans between 6/15/1995 and 4/30/2003. Prospectuses April 30, 2016 Thrivent Variable Annuity Account A Thrivent Series Fund,    

        More information 




BBIF Government Securities Fund BBIF Tax-Exempt Fund. Shareholders should retain this Supplement for future reference.



        BBIF Government Securities Fund BBIF Tax-Exempt Fund Supplement dated April 22, 2016 to the Prospectus, Summary Prospectuses and Statement of Additional Information of the Funds, dated January 4, 2016    

        More information 




Important Information about your Annuity



        Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Important Information about your Annuity Annuities are long-term investments that may help you meet or supplement your retirement and other long-term goals. Annuities    

        More information 




Strategic Group Variable Universal Life



        Strategic Group Variable Universal Life Issued by Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company Massachusetts Mutual Variable Life Separate Account I This prospectus describes a variable rider issued in    

        More information 




Your rights will expire on October 30, 2015 unless extended.



        DIVIDEND AND INCOME FUND 11 Hanover Square New York, NY 10005 September 28, 2015 Re: Rights Offering. Prompt action is requested. Dear Fellow Shareholder: Your rights will expire on October 30, 2015 unless    

        More information 




Understanding mutual fund share classes, fees and certain risk considerations



        Disclosure Understanding mutual fund share classes, fees and certain risk considerations Highlights Mutual funds may offer different share classes most commonly in retail brokerage accounts, Class A, B    

        More information 




A Powerful Combination for Retirement



        Power Select Plus Income Index Annuity A Powerful Combination for Retirement Principal Protection. Growth Potential. Lifetime Income. Plus, the Opportunity to Guarantee Rising Income for Up to 10 Contract    

        More information 




Statement of Additional Information. May 1, 2013. New York Life Legacy Creator Single Premium Variable Universal Life Insurance



        Statement of Additional Information dated May 1, 2013 for New York Life Legacy Creator Single Premium Variable Universal Life Insurance from NEW YORK LIFE INSURANCE AND ANNUITY CORPORATION ( NYLIAC ) This    

        More information 




Transamerica Advisors Life Insurance Company



        UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 Form 8-K Current Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event    

        More information 




Income Plus Variable Annuity



        Just the facts about New York Life... Income Plus Variable Annuity What is the New York Life Income Plus Variable Annuity? 1 Why should I consider Income Plus with the Guaranteed Future Income Benefit    

        More information 




Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America www.allianzlife.com. A flexible-payment deferred variable annuity: Allianz Life Variable Account B



        Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America www.allianzlife.com Allianz Vision Variable Annuity Allianz Vision SM Prospectus Variable Annuity A flexible-payment deferred variable annuity: Allianz Life    

        More information 




Understanding Indexed Universal Life Insurance



        Understanding Indexed Universal Life Insurance Consumer Guide  Table of Contents Overview [ 2 ] Indexed Universal Life Insurance [ 2 ] What is Indexed Universal Life Insurance? [ 2 ] How North American    

        More information 




Investment Horizon Annuity TIAA-CREF Life Insurance Company. PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT NUMBER 1 dated August 16, 2011 to the



        Investment Horizon Annuity TIAA-CREF Life Insurance Company PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT NUMBER 1 dated August 16, 2011 to the Investment Horizon Annuity Prospectus dated May 1, 2011 This supplement amends certain    

        More information 




Variable Annuity and Variable Universal Life Contract Notice:



        IMPORTANT NOTICE TO ADVISORS! Variable Annuity and Variable Universal Life Contract Notice: Please be advised that prior to submitting a Variable Annuity or Variable Universal Life Contract for management    

        More information 




Allianz Index Advantage Variable Annuity Prospectus



        Allianz Index Advantage Variable Annuity Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America www.allianzlife.com Allianz Index Advantage Variable Annuity Prospectus A flexible-payment deferred variable and    

        More information 




PHOENIX EXECUTIVE VUL. Variable Universal Life



        PHOENIX EXECUTIVE VUL Variable Universal Life PHLVIC VARIABLE UNIVERSAL LIFE ACCOUNT December 1, 2008 PROSPECTUS PHLVIC Variable Universal Life Account Phoenix Benefit Choice VUL Phoenix Joint Edge VUL    

        More information 




Variable annuities. A tax-advantaged way to save for retirement



        Variable annuities A tax-advantaged way to save for retirement Common terms Annuitant The person (may be the same as the contract owner) whose life expectancy is used to calculate the income payment amount    

        More information 




Understanding Annuities



        Annuities, 06 5/4/05 12:43 PM Page 1 Important Information about Variable Annuities Variable annuities are offered by prospectus, which you can obtain from your financial professional or the insurance    

        More information 




ING LIFE INSURANCE AND ANNUITY COMPANY and its Variable Annuity Account C. State University of New York Defined Contribution Retirement Plans



        ING LIFE INSURANCE AND ANNUITY COMPANY and its Variable Annuity Account C State University of New York Defined Contribution Retirement Plans Supplement dated October 3, 2007 to your current Contract Prospectus    

        More information 




Index Growth Annuity 5 And 7



        Index Growth Annuity 5 And 7 The Broker s Sales Guide To An Individual Fixed Annuity From The Standard With an Index Growth Annuity you ll find a rewarding combination of safety, tax deferral and choice.    

        More information 




Roll-up Rate: 5% Withdrawal Percentages



        PRUDENTIAL PREMIER RETIREMENT VARIABLE ANNUITY (Offering Highest Daily Lifetime Income v3.0) PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY PRUCO LIFE FLEXIBLE PREMIUM VARIABLE ANNUITY ACCOUNT PRUCO LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY    

        More information 




Portfolio Director Fixed and Variable Annuity



        Portfolio Director Fixed and Variable Annuity Prospectus, May 1, 2015 SAVING : INVESTING : PLANNING Enroll in PersonalDeliver- Start today and Go Paperless. Together we can make a difference. Visit VALIC.com    

        More information 




There s a New York Life Variable Annuity for Everyone



        Annuities There s a Variable Annuity for Everyone Product Comparison Premier Plus Variable Annuity Premier Variable Annuity Complete Access Variable Annuity Flexible Premium Variable Annuity II The Company    

        More information 




Series. Eagle Select. Fixed Indexed Annuity (ICC13 E-IDXA)* Issued by:



        Fixed Indexed Annuity Eagle Select Series (ICC13 E-IDXA)* Issued by: * Form number and availability may vary by state. Annuity contracts are products of the insurance industry and are not guaranteed by    

        More information 


















                2017  DocPlayer.net Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Feedback



















      Federal Register
       :: 
      Ameritas Life Insurance Corp., et al; Notice of Application
    




















































  Skip to Content








 



    Sections
    
 




            Money
 



            Environment
 



            World
 



            Science & Technology
 



            Business & Industry
 



            Health & Public Welfare
 













Promise Neighborhoods Program


                by the Education Department
                on
                07/21/2017




                photo by:
                Dave Garvin






 
 








Dodd-Frank Wall Steet Reform


                          256
                          documents in the last year
                        



Government Contracts


                          50
                          documents in the last year
                        





Stock & Commodities Trading 


                          490
                          documents in the last year
                        



Economic Sanctions & Foreign Assets Control


                          657
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      22
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      5
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Protection of the Stratospheric Ozone


                by the Environmental Protection Agency
                on
                07/21/2017




                photo by:
                Crimollo






 
 








Endangered & Threatened Species


                          911
                          documents in the last year
                        



Fishery Management


                          1514
                          documents in the last year
                        





Taking of Marine Mammals


                          308
                          documents in the last year
                        



Parks & Recreation


                          932
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      26
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      21
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Defense Trade Advisory Group


                by the State Department
                on
                07/21/2017




                photo by:
                DonkeyHotey






 
 








Immigration & Border Control


                          252
                          documents in the last year
                        



Cultural Objects Imported for Exhibition


                          99
                          documents in the last year
                        





International Trade (Anti-Dumping)


                          828
                          documents in the last year
                        



Controlled Exports (CCL & USML)


                          62
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      17
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      1
                    

                      Document
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Renewable Fuel Standard Program


                by the Environmental Protection Agency
                on
                07/21/2017




                photo by:
                Kelly Hays






 
 








Broadband Policy


                          166
                          documents in the last year
                        



Patent, Trademark, and Copyright


                          1342
                          documents in the last year
                        





Energy Efficiency & Renewable Resources


                          343
                          documents in the last year
                        



Climate Change


                          349
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      27
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      32
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Walnuts Grown in California


                by the Agricultural Marketing Service
                on
                07/21/2017




                photo by:
                Dave Morris






 
 








Automobile Safety & Fuel Economy


                          47
                          documents in the last year
                        



Oil and Gas Leasing


                          32
                          documents in the last year
                        





Air Travel


                          91
                          documents in the last year
                        



Trade Adjustment Assistance


                          99
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      33
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      29
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 












Medicare Program


                by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services
                on
                07/21/2017




                photo by:
                DonkeyHotey






 
 








Health Care Reform


                          192
                          documents in the last year
                        



Veterans Educational Benefits


                          1
                          documents in the last year
                        





Veterans Employment & Training


                          48
                          documents in the last year
                        



Disaster Declarations & Assistance


                          884
                          documents in the last year
                        


 




                      23
                    

                      New Documents
                      In this Issue
                    
 



                      19
                    

                      Documents
                      Open for Comment
                    
 
 
 
 







    Browse
    
 




          Agencies
 



          Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)
 



          Dates
 



          Public Inspection
 



          Executive Orders
 




  Explore Agencies



















Agriculture Department

22


16



Commerce Department

51


14



Defense Department

17


4



Education Department

15


4



Energy Department

47


5



Environmental Protection Agency

41


43



Health and Human Services Department

61


29



Homeland Security Department

51


9



Interior Department

27


13



Justice Department

15


6



Labor Department

5


11



State Department

6


5



Transportation Department

81


47



Treasury Department

10


11



Veterans Affairs Department

5


9








  Explore Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)



















Air pollution control

17


15



Air transportation

22


13



Airspace

12


5



Aviation safety

25


18



Environmental protection

19


16



Intergovernmental relations

15


12



Navigation (air)

12


5



Ozone

13


5



Particulate matter

11


10



Volatile organic compounds

13


6












            Current Issue

              
                132 Pages
              




83 documents
    from 31 agencies

  



77 Notices


1 Proposed Rule


5 Rules









Go to a specific date

Go to a specific date:


 





Explore


 PrevJuneNext SMTWTFS282930311234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829301


 PrevJulySMTWTFS2526272829301234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829303112345












          The Public Inspection page
          on FederalRegister.gov
          offers a preview of documents scheduled to appear in the next day's
          Federal Register issue. The Public Inspection page may also
          include documents scheduled for later issues, at the request
          of the issuing agency.
        










Special Filing

          updated on 01:00 PM, on Friday, July 21, 2017
        


            2 documents
            from 1 agency
          


                2 Notices
              








Regular Filing

          updated on 08:45 AM, on Friday, July 21, 2017
        


            83 documents
            from 31 agencies
          


                77 Notices
              

                1 Proposed Rule
              

                5 Rules
              













Go to a specific date

Go to a specific date:


 





Explore


 PrevJuneNext SMTWTFS282930311234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829301


 PrevJulySMTWTFS2526272829301234567891011121314151617181920212223242526272829303112345












Donald Trump


EO 13804:
Allowing Additional Time for Recognizing Positive Actions by the Government of Sudan and Amending Executive Order 13761


EO 13803:
Reviving the National Space Council


EO 13802:
Amending Executive Order 13597




                  2017:
                  40







Barack Obama


                  2017:
                  7


                  2016:
                  41


                  2015:
                  29


                  2014:
                  31


                  2013:
                  21


                  2012:
                  38


                  2011:
                  34


                  2010:
                  37


                  2009:
                  37







George W. Bush


                  2009:
                  3


                  2008:
                  30


                  2007:
                  33


                  2006:
                  26


                  2005:
                  27


                  2004:
                  46


                  2003:
                  40


                  2002:
                  33


                  2001:
                  51







William J. Clinton


                  2001:
                  7


                  2000:
                  39


                  1999:
                  35


                  1998:
                  38


                  1997:
                  38


                  1996:
                  50


                  1995:
                  40


                  1994:
                  54












    Search
    





        Document Search
 



        Advanced Document Search
 



        Public Inspection Search
 



        FR Index
 





    Reader Aids
    



Reader Aids Home


Office of the Federal Register Blog


Using FederalRegister.Gov


Understanding the Federal Register


Recent Site Updates


Videos & Tutorials


Developer Resources


Government Policy and OFR Procedures






    My FR
    




My Account


My Clipboard


My Comments


My Subscriptions


Sign In / Sign Up





Search the Federal Register


 





0



Sign in
Sign up

 









The Federal Register
The Daily Journal of the United States Government










Legal Status
Legal Status 
 
  Notice



Ameritas Life Insurance Corp., et al; Notice of Application


      A Notice by the Securities and Exchange Commission on 10/31/2013











 













Document DetailsInformation about this document as published in the Federal Register.

Printed version:

PDF

Publication Date:

10/31/2013

Agency:

Securities and Exchange Commission

Document Type:
Notice
Document Citation:

          78 FR 65393
        
Page:

          65393-65396
          (4 pages)
        
Agency/Docket Numbers:
Release No. 30764
File No. 812-14189
Document Number:
2013-25831

Document Details



















Enhanced Content - Table of Contents

            This tables of contents is a navigational tool, processed from the
            headings within the legal text of Federal Register documents.
            This repetition of headings to form internal navigation links
            has no substantive legal effect.
          

AGENCY:
ACTION:
Applicants:
Summary of Application:
DATES:
Hearing or Notification of Hearing:
ADDRESSES:
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
Applicants' Representations
Legal Analysis and Conditions
Conclusion

Enhanced Content - Table of Contents 



Enhanced Content - Submit Public Comment


              This feature is not available for this document.
          

Enhanced Content - Submit Public Comment 



Enhanced Content - Read Public Comments


              This feature is not available for this document.
          

Enhanced Content - Read Public Comments 


Enhanced Content - Sharing

Shorter Document URL

https://www.federalregister.gov/d/2013-25831
https://www.federalregister.gov/d/2013-25831






              Email this document to a friend
            



Share this document on Twitter



Share this document on Facebook


Enhanced Content - Sharing 



Enhanced Content - Document Print View

Print this document

Enhanced Content - Document Print View 


Enhanced Content - Document Tools

            These tools are designed to help you understand the official document
            better and aid in comparing the online edition to the print edition.
          



                These markup elements allow the user to see how the document follows the
                
                  Document Drafting Handbook
                 that agencies use to create their documents. These can be useful
                for better understanding how a document is structured but
                are not part of the published document itself.
              
Display Non-Printed Markup Elements


Enhanced Content - Document Tools 


Enhanced Content - Developer Tools

          This document is available in the following developer friendly formats:
        


JSON: Normalized attributes and metadata


XML: Original full text XML


MODS: Government Publishing Office metadata



          More information and documentation can be found in our
          developer tools pages.
        
Enhanced Content - Developer Tools 


Official Content


View printed version (PDF)


Official Content 


Public Inspection



              This PDF is
              the current document as it appeared on Public Inspection on
              10/30/2013 at 08:45 am.
            

              If you are using public inspection listings for legal research, you
    should verify the contents of the documents against a final, official
    edition of the Federal Register. Only official editions of the
    Federal Register provide legal notice to the public and judicial notice
    to the courts under 44 U.S.C. 1503 & 1507.
    Learn more here.
            

Public Inspection 


Published DocumentThis document has been published in the Federal Register. Use the PDF linked in the document sidebar for the official electronic format.





Start Preamble
        
        
        
        October 25, 2013.
        
          AGENCY:
The Securities and Exchange Commission (Commission).
ACTION:
Notice of application for an order approving the substitution of certain securities pursuant to Section 26(c) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act).
Applicants:
Ameritas Life Insurance Corp., Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York, The Union Central Life Insurance Company (each, a Life Insurance Company and, collectively, the Life Insurance Companies), and their respective separate accounts: Ameritas Variable Separate Account VA-2, Ameritas Variable Separate Account V, Ameritas Variable Separate Account VA, Ameritas Variable Separate Account VL (the Ameritas Life Accounts); Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VA, Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VUL (the Ameritas Life of NY Accounts); and the Carillon Life Account (each an Account and together with the Life Insurance Companies, the Applicants).
Summary of Application:
The Applicants seek an order under Section 26(c) of the 1940 Act approving the substitution of shares of the VIP Money Market Portfolio, Initial Class (the Replacement Portfolio) of the Variable Insurance Products Fund V (VIPFV) for shares of the Calvert VP Money Market Portfolio (the Current Portfolio) of the Calvert Variable Series, Inc. (CVSI) held by the Accounts to support certain variable annuity contracts or variable life insurance contracts (collectively, the Contracts) issued by the Life Insurance Companies (the Substitution).
DATES:

Filing Date: The application was filed on July 31, 2013, and an amended and restated application was filed on October 25, 2013.
Hearing or Notification of Hearing:
An order granting the application will be issued unless the Commission orders a hearing. Interested persons may request a hearing by writing to the Commission's Secretary and serving Applicants with a copy of the request, personally or by mail. Hearing requests should be received by the Commission by 5:30 p.m. on November 14, 2013, and should be accompanied by proof of service on the Applicants, in the form of an affidavit or, for lawyers, a certificate of service. Hearing requests should state the nature of the requester's interest, the reason for the request, and the issues contested. Persons may request notification of a hearing by writing to the Secretary of the Commission.
ADDRESSES:
Secretary, Securities and Exchange Commission, 100 F Street NE., Washington, DC 20549-1090. Applicants: Ameritas Life Insurance Corp., Ameritas Variable Separate Account VA-2, Ameritas Variable Separate Account V, Ameritas Variable Separate Account VA, and Ameritas Variable Separate Account VL, 5900 O Street, Lincoln, Nebraska 68510; Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York, Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VA, Ameritas Life of NY Separate Account VUL, 1350 Broadway, Suite 2201, New York, New York 10018; and The Union Central Life Insurance Company and Carillon Life Account, 5900 O Street, Lincoln, Nebraska 68510.
Start Further Info
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
Michelle Roberts, Senior Counsel, or Joyce M. Pickholz, Branch Chief, Insured Investments Office, Division of Investment Management at (202) 551-6795.
End Further Info
End Preamble
Start Supplemental Information
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
The following is a summary of the application. The complete application may be obtained via the Commission's Web site by searching for the file number, or an applicant using the Company name box, at http://www.sec.gov/search/search.htm or by calling (202) 551-8090.Start Printed Page 65394

Applicants' Representations
1. The Life Insurance Companies, on their own behalf and on behalf of their respective separate accounts, propose to substitute shares of the Replacement Portfolio for shares of the Current Portfolio held by the Accounts to fund the Contracts.
2. Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. is the depositor and sponsor of the Ameritas Life Accounts. Ameritas Life Insurance Corp. of New York is the depositor and sponsor of the Ameritas Life of NY Accounts. The Union Central Life Insurance Company is the depositor and sponsor of the Carillon Life Account.
3. Each Account is a separate account as defined by Rule 0-1(e) under the 1940 Act, and is registered with the Commission as a unit investment trust. Security interests under the Contracts have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act). The application sets forth the registration statement file numbers for the Contracts and the Separate Accounts.
4. Each Account is divided into subaccounts, each of which invests exclusively in shares of a corresponding investment portfolio (a Portfolio) of a series-type management investment company, including CVSI.
5. Pursuant to the Contracts, the Life Insurance Companies reserve the right to substitute shares of one Portfolio for shares of another. The prospectuses for the Contracts also disclose that the Life Insurance Companies reserve this right.
6. CVSI is an open-end management investment company (File No. 811-03591) that currently consists of six investment portfolios, including the Current Portfolio, and issues a separate series of shares in connection with each. CVSI has registered such shares under the 1933 Act (File No. 002-80154).
7. Calvert Investment Management, Inc. (CIM) serves as the investment adviser to each CVSI Portfolio. CIM is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of AMHC.
8. The VIPFV is an open-end management investment company (File No. 811-05361) that currently consists of 32 investment portfolios, one of which, the Replacement Portfolio, is the subject of the proposed Substitution. VIPFV issues a separate series of shares in connection with each Portfolio and has registered such shares under the 1933 Act (File No. 033-17704).
9. Fidelity Management & Research Company (FMR) serves as the manager of each Portfolio of VIPFV. FMR receives an investment management fee from each Portfolio. Fidelity Investments Money Management, Inc. (FIMM) and other affiliates of FMR serve as sub-advisers for the Replacement Portfolio. FIMM has the day-to-day responsibility of choosing investments for the Replacement Portfolio. In addition, other affiliates of FMR serve as sub-advisers for the Replacement Portfolio and may provide investment research and advice for the Replacement Portfolio. None of VIPFV, FMR, FIMM, or other affiliates of FMR are affiliated persons (or affiliated persons of affiliated person) of any of the Applicants. Likewise, none of the Applicants are affiliated persons (or affiliated persons of affiliated persons) of VIPFV, FMR, FIMM or other affiliates of FMR.
10. The Applicants state that Replacement Portfolio's and Current Portfolio's respective investment objectives, strategies and risks are substantially the same. A comparison of the investment objectives, strategies and risks of the Replacement Portfolio and the Current Portfolio is included in the application.
11. The following table compares the fees and expenses of the Current Portfolio and the Replacement Portfolio as of the year ended December 31, 2012:
Current portfolioReplacement portfolioCalvert Variable Series, Inc., Calvert VP Money Market PortfolioVariable Insurance Products Fund V, VIP Money Market Portfolio, Initial ClassManagement Fee0.25%0.17%.Distribution and Service (12b-1) FeeNoneNone.Other Expenses0.14%0.09%.Total Operating Expenses0.39%0.26%.Fee Waivers and Expense ReimbursementsNone1None.Net Operating Expenses0.39%20.26%.1The Investment Advisor, CIM, has contractually agreed to limit direct net annual portfolio operating expenses through April 30, 2014 to 0.40%. Under the terms of the contractual expense limitation, operating expenses do not include interest expense, brokerage commissions, taxes and extraordinary expenses. Only the Board of Directors of CVSI may terminate a Portfolio's expense cap before the contractual period expires.2The Advisor further voluntarily reimbursed expenses of $88,900 or 0.11%, for Net Operating Expenses of 0.28% to maintain a positive yield during the year ended December 31, 2012.
12. The Applicants state that the proposed Substitution is in response to a decision by the Board of Directors for CVSI, at a meeting held on June 5, 2013, to approve the dissolution of the Current Portfolio on or about November 15, 2013 (the Liquidation Date). The board's decision to liquidate the Current Portfolio requires the Life Insurance Companies to transfer accumulated Contract value invested in the Current Portfolio to an alternative investment option available under the Contracts on or before the Liquidation Date. Currently, the only money market portfolio investment option offered under the Contracts is the Current Portfolio. Accordingly, the proposed Substitution is necessary in order to provide the Contract owners with continued access to a money market portfolio investment option. Consequently, the Life Insurance Companies have determined to replace the Current Portfolio with the Replacement Portfolio via the Substitution.
13. The Life Insurance Companies submit that the Replacement Portfolio is an appropriate alternative for Contract owners for several reasons. First, its investment objectives, strategies and risks are substantially the same as those of the Current Portfolio. Second, it is substantially larger than the Current Portfolio, has had lower overall expense levels than the Portfolio in recent years, and has had higher yields in recent years than the Current Portfolio. Third, the Contracts and other variable annuity and variable life insurance contracts issued by the Life Insurance Companies currently offer one or more VIPFV portfolios (other than the Replacement Portfolio).
14. The Applicants believe that Contract owners would benefit from the significantly larger size of the Replacement Portfolio and the somewhat higher yields of the Replacement Portfolio, as contrasted Start Printed Page 65395with the size and recent yields of the Current Portfolio. The yield for the Current Portfolio for the seven days ending December 31, 2012 was 0.01%. The net asset value of the Current Portfolio was $85,913,000 as of December 31, 2012. The yield for the Replacement Portfolio Initial Class shares for the seven days ending December 31, 2012 was 0.08%. The net asset value of the Replacement Portfolio supporting Initial Class shares was $889,797,000 as of December 31, 2012.
15. The Applicants believe that Contract owners will benefit from the reduction in overall expenses of the Replacement Portfolio as compared to the Current Portfolio. Specifically, the management fee, other expenses, and total operating expenses are less than those of the Current Portfolio. Both Portfolios have no charge for Rule 12b-1 distribution and services fees. The total annual operating expense of the Replacement Portfolio is less than that of the Current Portfolio. Given this decrease, the Applicants believe that the Substitution would benefit Contract owners by reducing the overall level of Portfolio expenses.
Legal Analysis and Conditions
1. The Applicants request that the Commission issue an order pursuant to Section 26(c) of the 1940 Act approving the proposed Substitution. Section 26(c) of the 1940 Act requires the depositor of a registered unit investment trust holding securities of a single issuer to obtain Commission approval before substituting the securities held by the trust.
2. Applicants submit that the proposed Substitution is not the type of substitution that Section 26(c) was designed to prevent. Section 26(c) was intended to provide for Commission scrutiny of a proposed Substitution which could, in effect, force shareholders dissatisfied with the substitute security to redeem their shares, thereby possibly incurring a loss of the sales load deducted from initial premium, an additional sales load upon reinvestment of the proceeds of redemption, or both, as well as possibly suffering adverse tax consequences upon redemption. Consequently, the section was designed to forestall the ability of a depositor to present holders of interest in a unit investment trust with situations in which a holder's only choice would be to continue an investment in an unsuitable underlying security, or to elect a costly and, in effect, forced redemption.
3. Applicants submit that the proposed substitution will provide Contract owners with substantially the same investment vehicle and would not raise any of the aforementioned concerns that Congress intended to address when the 1940 Act was amended to include Section 26(c).
4. Applicants represent that redemptions and purchases will occur simultaneously so that contract values will remain fully invested at all times. All redemptions of shares of the Current Portfolio and purchases of shares of the Replacement Portfolio will be effected in accordance with Section 22(c) of the Act and Rule 22c-1 thereunder. The Substitution will take place at relative net asset value as of the effective date of the Substitution (Effective Date) with no change in the amount of any Contract owner's contract value or death benefit or in the dollar value of his or her investments in the money market subaccount of the applicable Account.
5. Contract values attributable to investments in the Current Portfolio will be transferred to the Replacement Portfolio without charge (including sales charges or surrender charges) and without counting toward the number of transfers that may be permitted without charge. Contract owners will not incur any additional fees or charges as a result of the Substitution, nor will their rights or the Life Insurance Companies' respective obligations under the Contracts be altered in any way and the Substitution will not change Contract owners' insurance benefits under the Contracts. All expenses incurred in connection with the Substitution, including legal, accounting, transactional, and other fees and expenses, including brokerage commissions, will be paid by the Life Insurance Companies. In addition, the Substitution will not impose any tax liability on Contract owners.
6. The Applicants also represent that the Substitution will not cause the Contract fees and charges currently paid by existing Contract owners to be greater after the Substitution than before the Substitution. The Life Insurance Companies will not exercise any right they may have under the Contracts to impose restrictions on transfers under the Contracts for the period beginning on the date of the Pre-Substitution Notice (defined below) through at least thirty (30) days following the Effective Date.
7. Existing Contract owners will be notified of the proposed Substitution by means of a prospectus or prospectus supplement for each of the Contracts (Pre-Substitution Notice) at least thirty (30) days before the Effective Date. New purchasers of the Contracts will be provided the Pre-Substitution Notice, the Contract prospectus, and the prospectus for the Replacement Portfolio in accordance with all applicable legal requirements.
8. The Pre-Substitution Notice will: (i) State that the Applicants filed the application seeking approval of the Substitution; (ii) set forth the anticipated Effective Date; (iii) explain that the Contract values attributable to investments in the Current Portfolio would be attributable to the Replacement Portfolio as of the Effective Date; (iv) state that, from the date of the Pre-Substitution Notice until the Effective Date, Contract Owners are permitted to transfer Contract value out of any Current Portfolio sub-account to any other sub-account(s) offered under the Contract without the transfer being treated as a transfer for purposes of transfer limitations and fees that would otherwise be applicable under the terms of the Contract; (v) advise Contract owners that any contract value remaining in the Current Portfolio sub-account on the Effective Date will be transferred to a sub-account investing in the Replacement Portfolio, and that the Substitution will take place at relative net asset value; (vi) inform Contract owners that for at least thirty (30) days following the Effective Date, the applicable Life Insurance Company will permit Contract owners to make transfers of contract value out of the sub-account investing in the Replacement Portfolio to any other available sub-accounts offered under their Contracts without the transfer being counted as a transfer for purposes of transfer limitations and fees, if any, that would otherwise be applicable under the terms of the Contracts; and (vii) inform Contract owners that, except as described in the market timing limitations section of the relevant prospectus, the applicable Life Insurance Company will not exercise any rights reserved by it under the Contracts to impose additional restrictions on transfers out of the sub-account investing in the Replacement Portfolio for at least thirty (30) days after the Effective Date.
9. All Contract owners will have received a copy of the most recent prospectus for the Replacement Portfolio prior to the Substitution. In addition, within five (5) days following the Substitution, Contract owners affected by the Substitution will be notified in writing that the Substitution was carried out. This notice will restate the relevant information set forth in the Pre-Substitution Notice, and will also explain that the contract values attributable to investments in the Current Portfolio were transferred to the Replacement Portfolio without charge Start Printed Page 65396(including sales charges or surrender charges) and without counting toward the number of transfers that may be permitted without charge.
10. The Applicants represent that the Life Insurance Companies will not receive, for three (3) years after the Effective Date, any direct or indirect benefits from the Replacement Portfolio, its advisor or underwriter (or their affiliates), in connection with assets attributable to the Contracts affected by the Substitution, at a higher rate than the Life Insurance Companies had received from the Current Portfolio, its advisor or underwriter (or their affiliates), including without limitation 12b-1 fees, revenue sharing or other arrangements. The Applicants further represent that the Substitution and the selection of the Replacement Portfolio were not motivated by any financial consideration paid or to be paid to a Life Insurance Company or its affiliates by the Replacement Portfolio, its advisor or underwriter, or their affiliates.
11. Applicants submit that the replacement of the Current Portfolio with the Replacement Portfolio is consistent with the protection of Contract owners and the purposes fairly intended by the policy and provisions of the 1940 Act and, thus, meets the standards necessary to support an order pursuant to Section 26(c) of the 1940 Act. In addition, the Applicants submit that the proposed Substitution meets the standards that the Commission and its staff have applied to Substitutions that have been approved in the past.
Conclusion
For the reasons and upon the facts set forth above in the application, the Applicants believe that the requested order meets the standards set forth in Section 26(c) of the 1940 Act and should therefore be granted.
Start Signature
For the Commission, by the Division of Investment Management, pursuant to delegated authority.
Kevin M. O'Neill,
Deputy Secretary.
End Signature
End Supplemental Information

[FR Doc. 2013-25831 Filed 10-30-13; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 8011-01-P


Published Document 



















Home

Home



Sections

Money
Environment
World
Science & Technology
Business & Industry
Health & Public Welfare



Browse

Agencies
Topics (CFR Indexing Terms)
Dates
Public Inspection
Executive Orders



Search

Document Search
Advanced Document Search
Public Inspection Search





Reader Aids

Office of the Federal Register Blog
Using FederalRegister.Gov
Understanding the Federal Register
Recent Site Updates
Videos & Tutorials
Developer Resources
Government Policy and OFR Procedures



My FR

My Clipboard
My Subscriptions
My Comments
Sign In



Social Media

Facebook
Twitter



Information

About This Site
Legal Status
Contact Us
Privacy
Accessibility
FOIA
No Fear Act
Continuity Information







    Site Feedback
  















 AMERITAS VARIABLE SEPARATE ACCOUNT V (Form: 497, Received: 09/18/2014 09:05:38) 












	Ameritas Life Insurance Corp.



	



	Ameritas Variable Separate Account V,




	Ameritas Variable Separate Account VA-2,




	Carillon Life Account and Carillon Account




	




	Supplement to:




	Corporate Benefit VUL, Overture Applause!,
	Overture Applause! II,




	Overture Bravo!, Overture Encore!, and Overture
	Annuity III-Plus




	Prospectuses Dated May 1, 2007




	




	Excel Choice and Excel Executive Edge




	Prospectuses Dated November 5, 2007




	




	Overture Ovation!, Protector

	h

	VUL, and

	Excel Accumulator





	Prospectuses Dated May 1, 2008




	




	Overture Annuity II, Overture Annuity III,




	Overture Accent!, and Overture Acclaim!




	Prospectuses Dated September 1, 2009




	




	VA I and VA II and VA II SA




	Prospectuses Dated December 31, 2009




	






	Excel Performance VUL (NY)




	Prospectus Dated May 1, 2010




	




	Advantage VA III




	Prospectus Dated May 1, 2012




	




	Medley!




	Prospectus Dated May 1, 2013





	







	Excel
	Performance VUL




	and Overture Medley

	






	Prospectuses Dated May 1, 2014




	




	Supplement Dated September 18, 2014




	



	


	The Board of Directors of Calvert Variable Products, Inc. ("CVP")
	has approved a resolution to reorganize the Calvert VP Inflation Protected Plus Portfolio into the Calvert VP Investment Grade
	Bond Index Portfolio (the "Reorganization"). Each Portfolio is a series of Calvert Variable Products, Inc.


	


	The CVP Board has recommended approval of the Reorganization
	by shareholders of the Calvert VP Inflation Protected Plus Portfolio. If the Reorganization is approved by the shareholders of
	the Calvert VP Inflation Protected Plus Portfolio, it will be merged into the Calvert VP Investment Grade Bond Index Portfolio
	on or about November 14, 2014. If your variable annuity Contract or variable life insurance Policy remains allocated to the Subaccount
	corresponding to the Calvert VP Inflation Protected Plus Portfolio at the time the Reorganization is consummated, those units will
	be replaced by units corresponding to the Calvert VP Investment Grade Bond Index Portfolio, and thereafter the value of your Contract
	or Policy will depend on the performance of the Calvert VP Investment Grade Bond Index Portfolio rather than the Calvert VP Inflation
	Protected Plus Portfolio. The number of Calvert VP Investment Grade Bond Index Portfolio units you receive will depend on the value
	of your Calvert VP Inflation Protected Plus Portfolio units at the time the Reorganization takes place.


	


	If the Reorganization is approved, your prospectus is revised
	by deleting all mention of the Calvert VP Inflation Protected Plus Portfolio at the time of the Reorganization.


	


	All other provisions remain as stated in your
	Contract or Policy and prospectus, as supplemented.


	



	Please retain this Supplement with the
	current prospectus for your variable Contract or Policy with




	Ameritas Life Insurance Corp.




	




	If you do not have a current prospectus,
	please contact Ameritas Life at 1-800-745-1112.




	




	




	




	



	IN 1824 08-14






