










 







Amplify.LA Opportunity Fund, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Bjornerud  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Amplify.LA Opportunity Fund, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    1600 Main Street  
    Venice, CA, 90291Phone: (858) 703-7794 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-16


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Kristoffer E Bjornerud 
 Executive 


 Paul Bricault 
 Executive 


 Oded Noy 
 Executive 












Amplify.LA Opportunity Fund, L.P. - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Amplify.LA Opportunity Fund, L.P.  Funding details


Amplify.LA Opportunity Fund, L.P. Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001692537Address: 1600 MAIN STREET  VENICE 90291Phone number: (858) 703-7794



Amplify.LA Opportunity Fund, L.P. Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2016-12-16New Form D$20,000,000Yet To Sell$20,000,000$0006b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]



Directors and Executives of Amplify.LA Opportunity Fund, L.P.
Key People in Amplify.LA Opportunity Fund, L.P.:

Kristoffer BjornerudOded NoyPaul Bricault
Similar companiesAmplify.LA Capital, L.L.C., Amplify.LA Capital II, L.L.C., Amplify.LA Capital III, L.P.








Last visited companies: Strategic Commodities Fund LLC, Strategic Commodities Fund Ltd, Sulvaris Inc., TIMESSQUARE FOCUS FUND L P, Technology Sector Fund

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.





















LA accelerator Amplify raising $20 mln opportunity fund - PE Hub

























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































LA accelerator Amplify raising $20 mln opportunity fund


December 19, 2016
By Eamon Murphy



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
LA accelerator Amplify raising $20 mln opportunity fund
Los Angeles-based startup accelerator Amplify is seeking to raise $20 million for Amplify.LA Opportunity Fund. Amplify runs an entrepreneurial campus in Venice, California, where companies undergo four to eight months of collaboration and training. The firm kicks in between $50,000 and $200,000 in seed funding.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Los Angeles-based startup accelerator Amplify is seeking to raise $20 million for Amplify.LA Opportunity Fund, L.P., according to a regulatory filing. Amplify runs an entrepreneurial campus in Venice, California, where companies undergo four to eight months of collaboration and training. The firm kicks in between $50,000 and $200,000 in seed funding.

Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
LA accelerator Amplify raising $20 mln opportunity fund
Los Angeles-based startup accelerator Amplify is seeking to raise $20 million for Amplify.LA Opportunity Fund. Amplify runs an entrepreneurial campus in Venice, California, where companies undergo four to eight months of collaboration and training. The firm kicks in between $50,000 and $200,000 in seed funding.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














DON'T MISS OUT! Meet new and diverse managers in private equity, venture capital and real estate at the third Emerging Manager Connect East at New York City's Harvard Club. CLICK HERE FOR DETAILS!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

Bain Capital Double Impact funds two companies
by Iris Dorbian

MidOcean to sell Water Pik for $1 bln
by Luisa Beltran

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

Carlyle to invest in ZeroChaos
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Awake Security nabs over $30 mln from Greylock and Bain Capital Ventures
by Iris Dorbian

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

 































Amplify.LA Opportunity Fund, L.P. - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Amplify.LA Opportunity Fund, L.P.
List of persons related to the company Amplify.LA Opportunity Fund, L.P.. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Amplify.LA Opportunity Fund, L.P..

CIK Number: 0001692537Company address: 1600 MAIN STREET  VENICE 90291Phone number: (858) 703-7794



People related to Amplify.LA Opportunity Fund, L.P.
NamePositionStreetCityCountryE Bjornerud  Kristoffer1600 MAIN STREET VeniceCANoy  Oded1600 MAIN STREET VeniceCABricault  Paul1600 Main Street VeniceCA




Amplify.LA Opportunity Fund, L.P. on the Web
Related companiesAmplify.LA Capital II, L.L.C., Amplify.LA Capital III, L.P., Amplify.LA Capital, L.L.C.












 








Amplify.LA | Startup Accelerator | Los Angeles





























Amplify is LA's leading startup accelerator. Apply today or learn more about how we help technology startups.
All companies are not created equal, nor do they travel similar paths. A flexible approach to accelerating startups is at the core of the Amplify program. The experience is tailored to each company -- no mandatory schedule or recycled calendar of activities. Our team and mentors actively monitor your performance and provide support and guidance throughout your stay at our campus in Venice Beach, California, and beyond.

The Amplify portfolio. See more.







Winc
Winc (formerly Club W) is modern take on the traditional wine club. Winc partners with great wine makers around the world, sometimes even financing them, to deliver less expensive, great-tasting wines to your door. 









Clutter
Clutter is a full-service storage company that allows consumers to safely and affordably store their belongings without lifting a finger.









FloQast
FloQast builds cloud-based software that helps manage accounting departments by centralizing the workflow, assigning tasks, maintaining supporting documentation and automating reconciliations.









HelloTech
HelloTech is an on-demand tech support company that is disrupting how consumers get support for and purchase tech for personal and home use.









StackCommerce
StackCommerce is a white-label ecommerce platform that enables publishers to generate additional revenues by offering exclusive flash sales on software, apps, video tutorials, and other digital tools.









The Bouqs Company
The Bouqs Company is a cut-to-order online flower delivery company.






Work at an Amplify startup
Our portfolio includes 50+ companies from a wide variety of industries. Those companies employ hundreds of people accross LA and beyond. If you're looking for a new opportunity, let us know, we can help! Drop us your resume.
















 



Home | Opportunity Fund


































BLOG

facebook
linked
twitter
instagram
youtube






Opportunity Fund working capital for working people


MediaBlog
Press
Press Releases
Publications

Contact
AboutBoards
Management Team
Institutional Donors
Investors
History
Careers
Awards + Honors
Annual Reports + Financials





Newsletter Sign-up









$61 Million Invested in 2016
2,211 loans and 6,485 jobs created and retained
Learn more >>







Closing the Opportunity Gap
4,812 families served in 2016
Learn more >>







Building Brighter Futures
341 savings accounts opened in 2016
Learn more >>







Driving Economic Mobility in California
$516 Million invested in microfinanceLearn more >>







Join Us for an Upcoming Event
Learn more >>







3 jobs
Created and retainedper loan
Learn more >







Microsavings
5,471 accounts opened to date
Learn more >







Microloans
Median loan: $18,000
Learn more > 







20,000
People helped through microlending and microsavings
Learn more >






prev
next




Join Us!
Be a part of California's microfinance movement. Expand opportunity. Change lives. For good.

Learn More



Opportunity in Action








Thank you for joining us at  Taste of Microfinance San Francisco 
You ate, drank, and GAVE to support the Bay Area's rising chef entrepreneurs! Click here for event recap and photos

			More
		










Thank you for joining us at  Taste of Microfinance Los Angeles 
Thanks to you, we can support LA's next 10 rising chef entrepreneurs! Click here for event recap and photos

			More
		










URGENT: Immigrants enrich us. #immigrantswelcome
We at Opportunity Fund proudly stand with the thousands of immigrants we call our clients, neighbors, and friends.

			More
		










New Strategic Plan and Plans for a New CEO of Opportunity Fund
CEO Eric Weaver and Interim & Incoming Board Chair Greg Avis have exciting news about Opportunity Fund's future.

			More
		










Visionary of the Year Nominee: Opportunity Fund CEO Eric Weaver
Congratulations to Opportunity Fund CEO Eric Weaver, nominee for the SF Chronicle's Visionary of the Year award!

			More
		










Thank you for joining us at An Evening with Michael Lewis
With your help we raised almost $300K! Click here for photos and recap of the event

			More
		








Visit Our Other Sites

Opportunity Fund
Business Loans
Savings
Real Estate


























































AMPLIFY PARTNERS II, L.P. - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











AMPLIFY PARTNERS II, L.P.  Funding details


AMPLIFY PARTNERS II, L.P. Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001634732IRS Number: 473122598Address: 1050 DOYLE STREET  MENLO PARK 94025Phone number: 650-445-0800



Latest news
AMPLIFY PARTNERS II, L.P. raised $125,000,000 from 52 investors on 2015-09-16.



AMPLIFY PARTNERS II, L.P. Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2015-09-16New Form D$125,000,000$125,000,0000$05206b 3C 3C.1[SEC Filing]
AMPLIFY PARTNERS II, L.P. raised $125,000,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of AMPLIFY PARTNERS II, L.P.
Key People in AMPLIFY PARTNERS II, L.P.:

Amplify GP Partners II, LLC Amplify GP Partners II, LLCSunil DhaliwalMichael Dauber
Similar companiesAmplify.LA Capital, L.L.C., Amplify Partners, L.P., Amplify.LA Capital II, L.L.C., Amplify Group I LLC, Amplify Health, Inc., Amplify-Renaissance Health, Inc., Amplify Holding Co LLC, Amplify.LA Capital III, L.P., Amplify Snack Brands, INC, Amplify.LA Opportunity Fund, L.P.








Last visited companies: Chilton Opportunity Trust, L.P., Chilton QP European Partners, L.P., Chilton Small Cap & Mid Cap Partners, L.P., CMBS Value Fund, LLC, COPANION INC

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.
















Amplify.LA looking to raise new fund | PitchBook News




































Log
                    in
Request a free trial












Request a free trial
Log in



Products




Products



Leading data software for VC, PE and M&A



                                                    The PitchBook Platform
                                                




                                                    PitchBook Mobile
                                                



Product Overview

The PitchBook Platform
PitchBook Mobile App
API & Data
                                                    Feed
CRM & Excel
                                                    Plugins



Commitment to Service

Customer Success
Customer Testimonials







Solutions




Solutions




How our clients use the
                                                PitchBook platform
                                            


Investment Banks
Venture Capital
Private Equity
Limited Partners





Corporate
                                                        Development
Lenders
Law Firms
Accounting Firms




Learn about our platform
                                            


                                                Watch video tutorials
                                            







Data




Data




Private company
                                                    profiles
                                                


                                                    See our data at work
                                                


Research


                                                    Learn more about our process
                                                



Comprehensive data coverage


Companies
Investors
Deals
People
LPs




Financials
Funds
Mergers &
                                                        Aquisitions
Advisors








News & Analysis




News & Analysis





                                                Industry News & Analysis
                                            




                                                Download our latest report
                                            




                                                Sign up for our newsletter
                                            




                                                Private Company Profiles
                                            






About




About





                                                Our Story
                                            




                                                Press & Media Center
                                            




                                                Careers at PitchBook
                                            



Our Partners
Event Calendar
Advertise with us
Contact us

















News & Analysis
driven by the PitchBook Platform


















subscribe



Private Equity
Venture Capital
M&A



More


reports


videos

All
Report Center
Industry Updates
In the Spotlight





Blog


reports









Amplify.LA looking to raise new fund
December 21, 2016



Share:




 



    Los Angeles, CA | Venture Capital 
  



Startup accelerator Amplify.LA has set a target of $20 million for its Amplify.LA Opportunity Fund, according to an SEC filing. Founded in 2011, the firm provides startups with seed funding, access to additional capital and guidance from mentors and advisors. Its portfolio includes wine club company Winc and HelloTech, a provider of on-demand tech support.








 VIEW FUND 







Share:




 


Tags
Venture Capital




















MOST READ/SHARED ARTICLES


Could Plenty become agtech's first unicorn?
2007 vs. 2017: A US PE fundraising throwdown
Lifting the veil on KKR's succession plan
Investor Spotlight: Ardian, the busiest buyout firm in Europe
The 5 most valuable startups in the US



trending reports






2Q 2017
US PE Breakdown 
July 11, 2017









2Q 2017
PitchBook-NVCA Venture Monitor 
July 10, 2017













A better way to do
VC, PE and M&A
The PitchBook Platform










home
product
solutions
data
News & Analysis
about
careers
contact
Free trial





PitchBook for...

Investment banks
Venture capital firms
Private equity firms
Limited partners
Corporate development
Lenders
Law firms
Accounting firms





Our data

Companies
Investors
Deals
People
LPs
Financials
Funds
M&A
Advisors





Resources

PitchBook-NVCA partnership
Video library
Customer testimonials
Press inquiries
Advertise with us
Get started
Company profile directory
Request research
Request your profile
Submit a deal
Subscribe to News & Analysis


follow us














US Headquarters

                        +1 (206) 623.1986
						901 Fifth Avenue
						Suite 1200
						Seattle, WA 98164





EUROPE Headquarters

                        +44 (0)207.190.9809
                        1 Oliver’s Yard
                        55-71 City Road
                        London EC1Y 1HQ
                        United Kingdom





NEW YORK

                        +1 (206) 623.1986
						155 Fifth Avenue
						Suite 500
						New York, NY 10010





GENERAL INQUIRIES

info@pitchbook.com







					© 2017 PitchBook Data. All rights reserved. Venture capital, private equity and M&A data and technology provider.
				

Site Map
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy

































































