






News — Anchorage Capital Partners
































Menu






Level 39, 259 George Street
Sydney NSW 2000
02 8259 7777




Your Custom Text Here


















ANCHORAGE CAPITAL PARTNERS ACQUIRES AFFINITY EDUCATION GROUP


December 15, 2015
Justin ONeill




Anchorage Capital Partners announced today that it has completed the acquisition of Affinity Education Group (Affinity).Affinity is one of the largest child care operators in Australia, with a portfolio of more than 160 centres. Affinity’s key focus is providing exceptional child care and education services.  Anchorage Managing Director and Chairman of Affinity, Daniel Wong, said “Anchorage is pleased to have completed the acquisition of the Affinity Education Group and we are excited by the significant potential for the business.  Our focus will remain first and foremost to provide exceptional child care and education services.  We look forward to working with the Affinity team to enhance operations and achieve the vision of becoming the leading child care provider in Australia.”Affinity’s operations are led by Chief Executive Officer, Tim Hickey.  Tim was previously Chief Executive of Australian Retail and Distribution for Fletcher Building, Diva (a fast fashion jewellery business), Midas Australia and held senior executive roles with Pepsico Restaurants and Yum Brands.  Anchorage will be represented on the Board of Affinity by Daniel Wong as Chairman, and Callen O’Brien and Simon Woodhouse as Non-Executive Directors.About Affinity Affinity is one of the largest child care operators in Australia, with a portfolio of over 160 centres. Affinity’s key focus is providing exceptional child care and education services.  We recognise and value our moral obligation to act with professional integrity as advocates on behalf of children. We strive to provide a safe, respectful and compassionate environment that recognises children as people with valuable views and interests to ensure children feel noticed, heard and understood while receiving the best possible educational program to support their emotional and social development.About Anchorage Capital PartnersAnchorage Capital Partners is a specialist Australian private equity firm that focuses on investing in companies which have strong and established track records, but are not achieving their full potential.  The funds managed by Anchorage have $450 million in committed funds.  Anchorage's partners and investment professionals have considerable experience in company management, corporate strategy, management consulting and corporate finance and have a long track record of successful partnerships with management teams.







MARK GROUP ACQUIRES A MARKET LEADER IN COMMERCIAL AND INDUSTRIAL SOLAR PV INSTALLATIONS IN AUSTRALIA 


December  7, 2015
Justin ONeill




Anchorage Capital Partners is pleased to announce that its investee company, Mark Group Holdings (Mark Group), has today completed the acquisition of Solgen Group (Solgen).Solgen was formed in 2008 and is a market leader in commercial and industrial solar PV installations in Australia, with many solar installations completed for high profile commercial and Government clients. The acquisition of Solgen is highly complementary to Mark Group, providing exposure to the high growth commercial and industrial solar sector. “This acquisition presents an opportunity to capitalise on a dynamic market and realise our strategic intent to further strengthen our brands as the leading providers of quality renewable energy solutions in the region”, said David Brown, CEO of Mark Group.  Solgen has an experienced and highly regarded leadership team, led by founders David Naismith and Joe Coco, who will remain as Directors of Solgen and join the Senior Executive Team of the combined Group. “Today’s announcement is exciting news for the Solgen team, our customers and our business partners. We share in the passion and vision of the Mark Group team to be the leading renewable energy provider in the region” said David Naismith.The Solgen investment further strengthens Anchorage’s investment and commitment to renewable energy alongside Mark Group.  Phil Cave, Mark Group Chairman said, “We are delighted to bring together Mark Group and Solgen as we set about creating a high quality, sustainable business, in an exciting industry”.About SolgenSolgen was formed in 2008 and is a market leader in commercial and industrial solar PV installations in Australia, with many solar installations completed for high profile commercial and Government clients. About Mark GroupMark Group was formed in 2009 and has established itself as one of the leaders in the residential solar PV installation segment, with over 21,000 energy efficiency installations completed in the past 6 years. About Anchorage Capital PartnersAnchorage Capital Partners is a specialist Australian private equity firm that focuses on investing in companies which have strong and established track records, but are not achieving their full potential.  The funds managed by Anchorage have $450 million in committed funds.  Anchorage's partners and investment professionals have considerable experience in company management, corporate strategy, management consulting and corporate finance and have a long track record of successful partnerships with management teams.







ANCHORAGE CAPITAL PARTNERS ACQUIRES MARK GROUP


April  1, 2015
Justin ONeill




Anchorage Capital Partners announced today that it has completed the acquisition of Mark Group Pty Ltd (Mark Group).Mark Group is a market leader in solar photo voltaic installations, with operations across Australia.  Mark Group was established in 2009 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Mark Group United Kingdom (MGUK).  The business became available for sale following a restructure of the original family ownership of MGUK."Mark Group operates a strong platform within the solar installation sector with an established national footprint and a reputation for high quality service and products", said Anchorage Managing Director Phil Cave. "With the current focus on renewable energy sources and energy efficiency, we see significant opportunity in the business for sustainable earnings improvement."MGA has a high quality management team who are well-known in the sector. Anchorage will be represented on the Board of Mark Group by Phil Cave as Chairman and Callen O'Brien as Non-Executive Director.Anchorage Managing Director Callen O'Brien will chair the turnaround committee.About Mark Group Mark Group was established in 2009 and was previously a wholly owned subsidiary of Mark Group United Kingdom.  The company is a market leader in solar photo voltaic installations with operations across Australia.  About Anchorage Capital PartnersAnchorage Capital Partners is a specialist Australian private equity firm that focuses on investing in companies which have strong and established track records, but are not achieving their full potential.  The funds managed by Anchorage have $450 million in committed funds.  Anchorage's partners and investment professionals have considerable experience in company management, corporate strategy, management consulting and corporate finance and have a long track record of successful partnerships with management teams.







Anchorage Capital Partners Acquires Independent Children's Footwear Retailer Shoes & Sox


March 31, 2015
Justin ONeill




Anchorage Capital Partners announced that it has today completed the acquisition of Shoes & Sox Pty Ltd.Founded in 1987, Shoes & Sox is Australia’s leading independent children’s footwear specialist. Focused on the premium childrens’ and infants’ shoe market, Shoes & Sox has a reputation for fitting expertise -“we fit feet right.” Shoes & Sox currently employs around 200 staff across 24 stores, which are located in premium Australian metropolitan shopping centres.The acquisition of Shoes & Sox is highly complementary to Anchorage’s recent acquisition of Brand Collective. “As Brand Collective’s largest customer for Clarks shoes, the acquisition of Shoes & Sox enhances Brand Collective’s pathway to the customer and improves Brand Collective’s position in the footwear value chain”, said Simon Woodhouse, Anchorage Managing Director and Chairman of Brand Collective. “Along with the strategic value for Brand Collective, there is significant opportunity to grow the Shoes & Sox retail network in this specialty segment.”Shoes & Sox has an experienced and highly regarded leadership team, led by Martin and Michele Tabachnik.  Martin and Michele will remain with Shoes & Sox for at least two years following completion of the sale.“This transaction represents an exciting new phase for Shoes & Sox, providing additional scale to drive future growth,” said Managing Director Martin Tabachnik.  “Importantly, it ensures the longer-term prosperity of Shoes & Sox for our valued staff, who deliver on our mission of putting the best-fitting shoes on children’s feet.”Anchorage will be represented on the Board of Shoes & Sox by Simon Woodhouse as Chairman and Daniel Wong as Non-Executive Director.About Shoes & SoxShoes & Sox is Australia’s leading independent children’s footwear specialist.  Focused on the premium childrens’ and infants’ shoe market, Shoes & Sox has a reputation for fitting expertise -“we fit feet right.” Shoes & Sox currently employs around 200 staff across 24 stores, which are located in premium Australian metropolitan shopping centres. About Brand Collective Brand Collective owns a number of iconic Australian brands including Volley, Grosby and Julius Marlow, and has exclusive licences for leading international brands including Superdry, Clarks, Hush Puppies and Mossimo.  The business sells through a combination of leading department stores and discount department store chains, as well as around 50 branded retail sites and several company owned websites.  Brand Collective also owns the Shoe Warehouse chain of discount footwear stores. About Anchorage Capital PartnersAnchorage Capital Partners is a specialist Australian private equity firm that focuses on investing in companies which have strong and established track records, but are not achieving their full potential.  The funds managed by Anchorage have $450 million in committed funds.  Anchorage's partners and investment professionals have considerable experience in company management, corporate strategy, management consulting and corporate finance and have a long track record of successful partnerships with management teams.  Anchorage has significant experience in the consumer products and retail sector, gained through successful investments including Dick Smith Holdings, Burger King New Zealand and Golden Circle.  







Anchorage Capital Partners Acquires the Footwear and Outerwear Brands of Pacific Brands Limited


November 18, 2014
Justin ONeill




Pacific Brands announced today it has signed an agreement to sell the Footwear and Outerwear businesses of its Brand Collective division to Anchorage Capital Partners.  Anchorage is also acquiring the rights to the Brand Collective name, which will be the trading name of the business going forward.  Martin Matthews, current Group General Manager of Brand Collective, will be Chief Executive Officer of the newly acquired business.  Caleb Brown, current General Manager of Strategy and Commercial Finance, will be Chief Financial Officer.  Brand Collective owns a number of iconic Australian brands including Volley, Grosby and Julius Marlow, and has exclusive licences for leading international brands including Superdry, Clarks, Hush Puppies and Mossimo.  The business sells through a combination of leading department stores and discount department store chains, as well as around 50 branded retail sites and several company owned websites.  Brand Collective also owns the Shoe Warehouse chain of discount footwear stores.  In partnership with management, Anchorage has developed a comprehensive rejuvenation plan for Brand Collective.  Anchorage Managing Director and Chairman of Brand Collective, Simon Woodhouse, said “Anchorage is extremely excited to announce the acquisition of Brand Collective.  The business has an enviable brand portfolio and we believe that with the right focus and investment we can establish Brand Collective as the leading house of brands in the Australasian region.  We look forward to working with Martin, Caleb and all of the employees of Brand Collective to achieve this vision.”Joining Simon on the Board will be fellow Anchorage partner Daniel Wong, while Chris Adams, Director at Anchorage, will also assist management with the turnaround program.Martin Matthews, CEO of Brand Collective said “I am extremely excited by the opportunity this change creates for the Brand Collective business, our brands and our people.  Under Anchorage's ownership we will have the support, freedom and investment we need to accelerate the turnaround of our business and the rejuvenation of our brands.  We look forward to partnering closely with our licensors, retail customers and suppliers to achieve our vision for the business.”Anchorage's financing partner for the transaction is Westpac.  Minter Ellison provided legal advice and Ernst & Young acted as tax advisor.  The transaction is expected to complete on 1 December 2014.   About Anchorage Capital PartnersAnchorage Capital Partners is a specialist Australian private equity firm that focuses on investing in companies which have strong and established track records, but are not achieving their full potential.  The funds managed by Anchorage have $450 million in committed funds.  Anchorage's partners and investment professionals have considerable experience in company management, corporate strategy, management consulting and corporate finance and have a long track record of successful partnerships with management teams.  Anchorage has significant experience in the consumer products and retail sector, gained through successful investments including Dick Smith Holdings, Burger King New Zealand and Golden Circle.  















Sunningdale Tech Acquires First Engineering Limited


November 12, 2014
Justin ONeill




Singapore Exchange Mainboard-listed Sunningdale Tech Ltd ("Sunningdale Tech") announced today  completion of the 100% acquisition of all of the issued and paid-up shares of Anchorage Singapore  Holdings Pte Ltd, the ultimate holding company of First Engineering Limited ("FEL"). The transaction  values FEL at an enterprise value of US$80 million. 

Headquartered in Singapore, FEL is a market leading manufacturer of precision plastic moulds and  engineering components, for the automotive, consumer/IT and healthcare (medical device) business  segments. FEL serves a blue chip customer base from its manufacturing and sales locations across  five countries. In the preceding twelve month period ending 31 July 2014, FEL generated revenue  and EBITDA of US$134 million1 and US$17.1 million1, respectively. 
"In just over two years of Anchorage ownership, a comprehensive turnaround program has resulted  in a fully invested, high quality and scalable business," said Anchorage Managing Director and FEL  Chairman, Daniel Wong.  
"Today, FEL is one of the most diversified precision plastics manufacturers in Asia, with high quality  customers and exposure to attractive markets such as auto and medical devices.  Strategic capital  investment, including a best-in-class tooling centre in Shanghai, China, and manufacturing facility in  Chennai, India, have further strengthened FEL’s design, engineering and manufacturing capabilities,  to be leveraged for future growth." 
Rippledot Capital advised the Board in relation to the transaction and Allen & Gledhill was FEL’s legal  adviser. 
Sunningdale Tech’s announcement can be viewed here.
About Anchorage Capital Partners
Anchorage Capital Partners is a specialist Australian private equity firm that focuses on investing in  companies which have strong and established track records, but are not achieving their full  potential.  The funds managed by Anchorage have $450 million in committed funds.  Anchorage's  partners and investment professionals have considerable experience in company management,  corporate strategy, management consulting and corporate finance and have a long track record of  successful partnerships with management teams.

1 Based on unaudited and unreviewed management accounts prepared by FEL. Revenue does not include any  contribution from FEL’s joint venture partner, while EBITDA includes proportionate contribution from FEL’s  joint venture company








Anchorage Capital Partners would like to announce the retirement of Michael Briggs.


May 30, 2014
Justin ONeill




Anchorage thanks Michael for his significant contribution and wishes him every success in the future.







Ruralco Holdings Acquires Total Eden


February 28, 2014
Justin ONeill




Australian Securities Exchange-listed Ruralco Holdings Limited (“Ruralco”) today announced it had completed the acquisition of 100% of Total Eden Holdings Pty Ltd (“Total Eden”) for a purchase price  of $57.4 million.Total Eden provides end to end water management solutions across its two trading divisions, being  Networks and Services. The Networks division currently comprises 37 retail stores and 4 distribution  centres in WA, NSW, QLD, VIC and SA.  The Services division provides water solutions to a broad  range of customers including government, agriculture and mining across Australia and New Zealand.  “Together with the Total Eden management team, Anchorage have successfully steered the business  through a challenging period of turnaround, business integration and performance improvement,”  said Anchorage Managing Director and Total Eden Chairman, Daniel Wong.  “Our focus on enhancing the company’s internal systems and controls, products, brand and culture  has underpinned a sustained increase in financial performance.  Total Eden today is a market leading  water solutions business with established national distribution footprint and end to end project  delivery capabilities.” Ruralco’s announcement can be viewed here.  About Anchorage Capital Partners Anchorage Capital Partners is a specialist Australian private equity firm that focuses on investing in  companies which have strong and established track records, but are not achieving their full  potential.  The funds managed by Anchorage have $450 million in committed funds.  Anchorage's  partners and investment professionals have considerable experience in company management,  corporate strategy, management consulting and corporate finance and have a long track record of  successful partnerships with management teams.







Dick Smith Lists on ASX


December  4, 2013
Justin ONeill




MEDIA RELEASENOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO U.S. PERSONSDick Smith lists on ASX - Major step for iconic consumer electronics businessWednesday, 4 December 2013Dick Smith Holdings Limited (Dick Smith) (ASX: DSH) will today be admitted to the official list of the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX), with trading in its fully paid ordinary shares (Shares) commencing following strong demand in its initial public offering (IPO).The Shares, which were offered at a price of $2.20 each, implying a market capitalisation of the company of $520 million, will debut on ASX at 12.00pm (Sydney time).Nick Abboud, Managing Director and CEO of Dick Smith, said: “Today is a major step in the evolution of our company, one that has been a fixture in the retail community in Australia and New Zealand for decades.“We have been greatly encouraged by the institutional and retail shareholder response to the IPO and the strong demand for Shares. This has allowed us to assemble a high quality register of institutional Shareholders.“However, we are 100% aware of the responsibility we have to deliver on behalf of our Shareholders. They want to see us meet our objectives and to deliver sustainable profit and growth.”Anchorage Capital Partners, a turnaround and special situations private equity firm, will remain as a key Shareholder in Dick Smith by retaining an interest of 20%. Dick Smith management will hold 11.5% of the Shares issued.Dick Smith Chairman and Anchorage founder, Phil Cave, paid tribute to the transformation program that Nick Abboud and the management team had driven at the company.“Working with Nick has been a great partnership for us. A tremendous amount of work has gone into driving change and getting Dick Smith to the point that it can become a listed company,” Mr Cave said. “There is still more to do, of course, and Anchorage is retaining a significant Shareholding as a sign of our confidence in the company’s forecast financial performance.”Goldman Sachs and Macquarie Capital were joint lead managers, joint bookrunners and underwriters to the Offer. Aquasia advised the Board in relation to the Offer and Minter Ellison was Dick Smith’s legal adviser.















Anchorage Capital Partners Closes Fund II


April  5, 2013
Justin ONeill




ANCHORAGE ANNOUNCES CLOSING OF ANCHORAGE CAPITAL PARTNERS FUND II AT A$250 MILLION.Second Turnaround Fund Capped at A$250 Million.Anchorage Capital Partners (“Anchorage”), the Sydney based private equity firm focusing on special situations and turnaround investment in the Australian, New Zealand and Southeast Asian markets, today announced the A$250 million first and final closing of Anchorage Capital Partners II, (the “Fund” or “Fund II”). Significant interest from both existing and new investors meant that the Fund was oversubscribed and capped at A$250 million.Anchorage maintained the strong local market support evidenced in prior fundraising efforts, with over 50% of Fund commitments sourced from Australian institutions. Offshore Limited Partners, comprising a select group of institutional investors from Asia, Europe and the U.S., provided the balance of the commitments.Consistent with the Anchorage Capital Partners I investment mandate, the Fund will seek controlling investments in underperforming Australian, New Zealand and Southeast Asian businesses, with enterprise values typically between A$50 million and A$250 million. Anchorage believes that the middle market will continue to provide attractive turnaround opportunities throughout the Investment Period of Fund II and beyond.Anchorage Partners Michael Briggs, Phil Cave, Daniel Wong and Simon Woodhouse agreed that closing the Fund in less than six months despite the challenging fundraising environment was a terrific achievement. The Team sincerely appreciates the support of existing investors and welcomes new investors to the Fund.To date, Anchorage Capital Partners I has made six investments and distributed over A$60 million to Fund I investors.MVision Private Equity Advisers acted as global placing agent for both Fund I and II. Minter Ellison acted as legal adviser and Ernst & Young acted as tax adviser to Anchorage.BackgroundAnchorage Capital Partners (“Anchorage”) is a dedicated private equity special situations manager formed in 2007, focused on the Australian and New Zealand markets and selectively in Southeast Asia.Anchorage takes an intensely hands-on and proactive approach to implementing its turnaround plans by leading the Board of a portfolio company and driving newly created Turnaround Committees at each portfolio company, which combines Anchorage Investment Team members, the CEO, CFO and other senior managers of portfolio companies. The Partners each have extensive experience in private equity, as well as direct commercial experience in management, strategy formulation, finance, accounting and operations. Anchorage Capital Partners Fund I was closed on 31 March 2010 with total committed capital of A$200 million. 







Anchorage Capital Partners Acquires Dick Smith Electronics


September 27, 2012
Justin ONeill




Anchorage Capital Partners today announced that it has entered into an agreement with Woolworths Limited to acquire 100 per cent of Dick Smith Electronics, with the transaction expected to complete by November 2012. Dick Smith is an iconic Australian consumer electronics retailer that was founded in 1968 by entrepreneur Dick Smith and became part of the Woolworths group in 1980. Today Dick Smith employs more than 4,500 people across 325 stores in Australia and New Zealand and in fiscal year 2012 reported sales of $1.6 billion.The transaction has been conservatively structured so that Dick Smith will emerge from the sale supported by a strong balance sheet with considerable asset backing and no core debt. As part of the purchase, Anchorage will also support the business by providing additional cash investment and guarantees. It is Anchorage's intention to maintain the current network of 325 stores across Australia and New Zealand and to consider selective network expansion over time where appropriate. Phillip Cave, Chairman of Anchorage commented: “Anchorage is impressed with the underlying quality of the business and sees Dick Smith as an ideal fit for our investment mandate of acquiring established businesses with strong brands that can benefit from Anchorage's proprietary approach to operational performance improvement. We're extremely pleased to have entered into the agreement with Woolworths and are confident in the long term success of the business.”Anchorage has appointed Mr Nick Abboud as Chief Executive Officer, effective upon completion of the acquisition. The Dick Smith Board will comprise; Mr Phillip Cave as Chairman and Mr Michael Briggs, a Partner at Anchorage, together with Mr Nick Abboud and Mr Bill Wavish.Mr Abboud, who brings 24 years' experience in the Australian retail sector, recently announced his resignation from retailing group Myer Australia, where he has worked since 1993. He was most recently Executive General Manager Operations, responsible for the overall strategic planning and direction ofMyer's store operations from conceptualisation to delivery of operational strategies. His previous positions included Director of Store Operations and Director of Retail Stores. Nick began his retail career on the shopfloor and worked his way through one of Australia's largest and most respected organisations to the senior echelons of management, leveraging his detailed, hands-on understanding of all facets of retail operations. Mr Wavish is a retail industry veteran whose prior positions include Executive Chairman of Myer, Finance Director of Woolworths and Supermarkets Director of Woolworths. Mr Wavish currently serves as Chairman of Bendon Ltd and Chairman of the Vodafone Warriors.Nick and Bill have previously worked together at Myer, effecting significant performance improvements under private equity ownership before Myer's IPO in 2009. Commenting on his appointment, Nick said “I am delighted to be joining this iconic Australian retailer. Dick Smith is a well regarded brand supported by an experienced team and an excellent national footprint. Anchorage and I see great potential in the Dick Smith business and I look forward to working with the team to fully realise these opportunities.”More details Michael Briggs, PartnerEmail: anchorage@anchoragecapital.com.au Anchorage Capital PartnersAnchorage was formed in 2007 and currently has A$200 million committed capital. Anchorage targets investments in businesses with a strong brand and leading market position, which are materially underperforming. Anchorage drives the turnaround program directly through active involvement in the business, leveraging its significant experience in operational management, business leadership, corporate finance and, strategy.Dick Smith Electronics Pty LtdDick Smith is an iconic Australian consumer electronics retailer that was founded in 1968 by entrepreneur Dick Smith and became part of the Woolworths group in 1980. Today Dick Smith employs more than 4,500 people across 325 stores in Australia and New Zealand and in fiscal year 2012 reported sales of $1.6 billion.







“Anchorage is impressed with the underlying quality of the business and sees Dick Smith as an ideal fit for our investment mandate of acquiring established businesses with strong brands that can benefit from Anchorage's proprietary approach to operational performance improvement.” 
Phillip Cave, 
Chairman







Anchorage Capital Partners Fund I Completes its Investment in First Engineering


June  8, 2012
Justin ONeill




On 8 June 2012 Anchorage Capital Partners, an independent Australian private equity manager, announced the signing and completion of its investment in First Engineering Limited.  Established in 1979, First Engineering is headquartered in Singapore, and is one of the leading precision plastic injection moulding (PIM) manufacturers serving multi-national corporations in Asia.In August 2007, First Engineering was privatised, following privatization the performance of the business materially declined due to several factors, including high leverage under the acquisition structure, combined with soft global demand flowing from the global financial crisis.First Engineering subsequently defaulted on its senior debt facilities due to breach of covenants, and was taken over by the Senior Lenders through a credit bid in September 2009, ensuring the survival of the business.  Anchorage identified the business through its Asian network, and agreed indicative terms in late 2011, including a period of exclusive due diligence, ultimately leading to completion in June 2012. First Engineering has six production facilities in Malaysia, China (Shanghai, Suzhou, Guangzhou), Singapore and India, with more than 2,500 employees.  The business designs, engineers and produces components for business machines, hard disk drives, automobiles and medical devicesDaniel Wong, Partner of Anchorage and new Chairman of First Engineering, said: "Despite the stress placed on the business over an extended period of time the underlying quality of the business remains.  We have identified a large number of turnaround initiatives that will markedly improve earnings.  The turnaround program has already commenced, with Anchorage well entrenched in the business.”  Anchorage will focus on improving the core operations of the business and continue diversification into the healthcare and automotive sectors.  Following completion of the sale process the business has a substantially improved balance sheet.Chief Executive Officer, Brian Smith who was appointed in June 2011, and will continue with the business, said: “First Engineering now possesses one of the most experienced management teams of any PIM manufacturer within the Asian plastics industry. The combination of First Engineering's management team and Anchorage's turnaround focus will create a strong strategic combination and elevate First Engineering to the top of its competitive set.”  Brian has already made significant progress in stabilising the business, and will drive the turnaround program in partnership with Anchorage.During the due diligence phase Anchorage sought the appointment of Neo Age Seng as Chief Operating Officer.  Neo was appointed in May 2012 and has extensive experience in PIM operations.  Neo is extremely well known to Anchorage having previously partnered with Anchorage in its investment in Omni Plastics. Daniel Wong will join the board as Chairman, along with his Anchorage colleague Phil Cave.More details -Daniel Wong, PartnerEmail: anchorage@anchoragecapital.com.auAnchorage Capital PartnersAnchorage was formed in 2007 and currently has A$200 million committed capital. Anchorage targets investments in businesses with a strong brand and leading market position, which are materially underperforming. Anchorage drives the turnaround program directly through active involvement in the business, leveraging its significant experience in operational management, business leadership, corporate finance and, strategy.First Engineering Pty LimitedFirst Engineering has six production facilities in Malaysia, China (Shanghai, Suzhou, Guangzhou), Singapore and India, with more than 2,500 employees.  The business designs, engineers and produces components for business machines, hard disk drives, automobiles and medical devices.















Blackstone to Acquire New Zealand's Antares Restaurant Group


October 17, 2011
Justin ONeill




The Blackstone Group (NYSE: BX) announced today that its Private equity funds have agreed to acquire Antares Restaurant Group in New Zealand from Anchorage Capital Partners. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed. Headquartered in Auckland, Antares has the exclusive franchise development rights for the Burger King brand in New Zealand ad operates 75 Burger King(r) restaurants throughout the country. Under the leadership of the current management team, the business is in the early stages of an ambitious refurbishment program while also opening new restaurants to broaden the footprint a an increasing number of local communities across New Zealand. Jan Nielsen, a Managing Director in Blackstones private equity group, said: "We are extremely excited about the potential we see in Antares and the superb quality of the management team who will be our pumas to fuller develop and grove this business. Burger Ring' is a leading consumer business with an iconic brand and Moue growth prospects in the Asia-Pacific ream, and we are excited about partnering with Burger King Corporation to expand their presence in the region."Mark Bayliss, a Partner with Anchorage Capital Partners, said, "Anchorage has enjoyed working closely with the Antares management team over the past 2 years to transform the operational and financial performance of the business and build a sustainable growth platform going forward, and we are pleased with the excellent result the sale will deliver to our investors." John Elliott, Chief Executive Officer of Antares, added: "I am delighted that Blackstone will be the new investor and owner of Antares. With their long term focus and drive to add value through deployment of capital and operational improvements, we believe that they are the perfect partner to work with to take Antares to the next level." Blackstone is one of the largest private equity investors in the world with US$38 billion in capital committed or invested in I60 separate private equity transactions. Blackstone currently has US$17 billion of available equity capital to invest in further private equity transactions.Anchorage Capital Partners is an Australasian private equity fund focused on special situation opportunities and operational turnaround investments. Goldman Sachs acted as financial advisor for Blackstone with Rippledot Capital Advisers acting for Anchorage. Deloitte furthermore assisted Blackstone with financial and tax due diligence. Bell Gully and Simpson Thacher & Bartlett acted as legal advisors to Blackstone with Minter Ellison Rudd Watts acting for Anchorage. Debt financing and ongoing credit facilities to Antares are being provided by ANZ, Rabobank and Westpac. About Blackstone Blackstone (NYSE:BX) is one of the world's leading investment and advisory firms. Blackstone seeks to create positive economic impact and long-term value for its investors, the companies they invest in, the companies they advise and the broader global economy. Blackstone does this through the commitment of their extraordinary people and flexible capital. Their alternative asset management businesses include the management of private equity funds, real estate funds, hedge fund solutions, credit-oriented funds and closed-end mutual funds. Blackstone also provides various financial advisory services, including financial and strategic advisory, restructuring and reorganization advisory and fund placement services. Further information is available at www.blackstone.com. Follow us on Twitter @Blackstone. About AnchorageAnchorage Capital Partners has an established track record of investing in quality businesses that are underperforming and delivering executable turnaround programmes through hands on involvement to drive performance and superior returns to investors. Further information is available at www anchoragecapital.com.au. 







Anchorage Capital Partners Fund I completes its investment in Total Eden  


February 28, 2011
Justin ONeill





Anchorage Capital Partners, an independent Australian private equity  manager, today announced the completion of its investment in Total  Eden, the Water Products and Services division of Alesco Corporation  Limited. Alesco identified Total Eden as being “non-core”, and sought  to divest the division so as to focus on its remaining businesses. Total Eden was formed in December 2006 through the amalgamation of Total Eden Watering in Western Australia and McCracken's Water  Services based on the east coast, and was acquired by Alesco in 2007. The business provides water management products and services across  Commercial, Industrial and Retail markets across Australia. The branch  network comprises 38 retail sites and 10 commercial and industrial sites  in Queensland, NSW, Victoria and WA.  Since 2007, the business has underperformed due to a range of operational and structural issues. A number of opportunities have been  identified that will enhance the performance of the business through  improving operating capabilities, strategic focus and creating an  organizational structure to support growth and target market  opportunities. Daniel Wong, Partner of Anchorage, said: "Total Eden is another orphan  investment, with significant scope for performance improvement. As a  part of our due diligence we identified a large number of material  opportunities that will allow for sustainable improvement in earnings as  well as the overall quality of the business.” Existing new management, including Chief Executive Officer, Wayne  Powell will continue with the business to drive the turnaround program.  Daniel Wong who oversaw the transaction will join the board as  Chairman, along with his Anchorage colleague Phil Cave.
More details -Daniel WongPartnerEmail: anchorage@anchoragecapital.com.auAnchorage Capital PartnersAnchorage was formed in 2007 and currently has A$200 million  committed capital. Anchorage targets investments in businesses with a  strong brand and leading market position, which are materially  underperforming. Anchorage drives the turnaround program directly  through active involvement in the business, leveraging its significant  experience in operational management, business leadership, corporate  finance and, strategy. Total Eden Pty LimitedTotal Eden is one of Australia's largest suppliers of quality water  products and services supplying a broad range of customers, including  agricultural, domestic, commercial, industrial and mining customers. It  has 42 locations Australia wide and operates through its retail, industrial  and commercial businesses. 















Anchorage Capital Partners Fund I Completes its investment in Boral Scaffolding &  Formwork


October  1, 2010
Justin ONeill




Anchorage Capital Partners an independent Australian private equity manager, today announced the completion of the acquisition of Boral Formwork & Scaffolding (BFS) from Boral Limited. The business was acquired following the completion of a strategic review by Boral which identified the business as noncore. Acrow operates a national network of scaffolding and formwork solutions branches, including the industry standard Acrow brand in formwork and Cuplock in scaffolding, consisting of 11 scaffolding branches, four formwork branches, and three dual formwork and scaffolding hybrid branches across Australia. The company presently holds the number three position in the overall Australian scaffolding market.The business has been rebranded and will be known as Acrow Formwork and Scaffolding Pty Limited (Acrow). The name Acrow has been active in the Australian construction industry since 1950 and its heritage dates back to 1936, when the company was first launched in the United Kingdom. The decision to rebrand back to the grass roots of the business reflects our determination to be leaders in delivering impeccable service and providing access and safety solutions that are synonymous with the `Acrow' brand. Michael Briggs, Partner of Anchorage, said: "Acrow is a classic orphan investment for Anchorage, where the business was non-core to the parent and subsequently did not perform to its full potential. Acrow is a strong brand in the construction segment, with a good market position. Anchorage have identified a number of turnaround initiatives to leverage this brand and market position, as well as extract the benefits of an increased strategic focus following the decoupling from Boral.Anchorage has put in place a new management team to be led by experienced executive, Andrew Luxton who will join the business as Managing Director. Andrew was CEO and Managing Director of Cromford Group Pty Limited prior to his appointment at Acrow. Bruce Short will also join as Chief Financial Officer, his career history includes leadership and senior finance roles with Cromford Group, James Hardie, Boral and CSR. These appointments, combined with the continuation of key existing management, provide a strong foundation to allow the business to fulfil its potential. Michael Briggs who oversaw the transaction will join the board as Chairman, along with his Anchorage colleagues Phil Cave and Simon Woodhouse.More details -Michael BriggsPartnerEmail: anchorage@anchoragecapital.com.auAnchorage Capital PartnersAnchorage was formed in 2007 and currently has A$200 million committed capital. Anchorage targets investments in businesses with a strong brand and leading market position, which are materially underperforming. Anchorage drives the turnaround program directly through active involvement in the business, leveraging its significant experience in operational management, business leadership, corporate finance and, strategy.Acrow Formwork & Scaffolding Pty LimitedAcrow operates a national network of scaffolding and formwork solutions, including the industry standard Acrow brand in formwork and Cuplock in scaffolding. Consisting of eleven scaffolding branches, four formwork branches, and three dual formwork-scaffold hybrid branches, the company presently holds the number three position in the overall Australian scaffolding market.















Anchorage Capital Partners Closes A$200 Million Fund


March 31, 2010
Justin ONeill




Oversubscribed Debut Fund Capped at A$200 Million Anchorage Capital Partners (“Anchorage”), the Sydney based private equity firm which focuses on Australian mid market special situation and turnaround buyouts, today announced the A$200 million final closing of Anchorage Capital Partners I, (the “Fund”). The strong support from new investors meant that the fund was oversubscribed and capped at A$200 million.Anchorage secured capital commitments from best-in-class global institutional investors, asset managers, public pension plans and funds of funds from Australia and the United States. The Fund will seek special situations where it can make controlling investments in underperforming Australasian businesses, with enterprise values between A$50m and A$250m.“We are delighted by the level of interest received throughout this fundraise in what was a difficult economic period”, said Phillip Cave, Founder and Chairman of Anchorage.MVision Private Equity Advisers acted as global placing agent. Minter Ellison acted as legal adviser to Anchorage. BackgroundAnchorage Capital Partners (“Anchorage”) was formed in 2007 and specializes in special situations and performance improvement opportunities, with a focus on Australian and Asian markets.The Anchorage team have built their private equity experience over many years, commencing with a hands on involvement in business turnarounds at the chief executive and executive level, then progressing to driving investee performance improvement from an active board level involvement.Prior to completing its first close in July 2008, the Fund successfully invested in Golden Circle, the iconic Australian manufacturer of canned fruit and vegetables, chilled fresh and long life juices. In December 2008 Anchorage sold its investment in to H.J. Heinz achieving a gross IRR of 129% and a 2.5x multiple on the transaction.The Funds’ current investments include Antares Restaurant Group Pty Limited, the company holding the master franchise rights to operate the Burger King system in New Zealand. The Burger King network in New Zealand currently includes 72 restaurants across the North and South Islands. The Fund also holds a strategic investment in Bisalloy Steel Limited (“Bisalloy”), listed on the ASX, Bisalloy is the only manufacturer of quench and tempered steel in Australia.More details –Phillip CavePartnerMark BaylissPartnerEmail: anchorage@anchoragecapital.com.au







Anchorage Capital Partners Fund I Completes Its Investment in leading New Zealand Quick Service Restaurant Brand: Burger King


September 17, 2009
Justin ONeill




Anchorage Capital Partners an independent Australian private equity manager, today announced the completion of its acquisition of the New Zealand quick service restaurant chain, Burger King (trading as TPF Restaurants Limited), from the owners and founders Dennis Jones and Mark Backhaus. The business has been acquired in partnership with a management team, comprising existing senior management and new management, with significant quick service restaurant experience.Burger King New Zealand currently operates 71 restaurants throughout the North and South Islands of New Zealand, with revenues in excess of NZ$150 million. Though the business is performing relatively soundly, Anchorage together with management identified numerous opportunities to significantly improve the base operations, implementing industry best practice and investing in the business to maximize the earnings potential of the brand in New Zealand.Mark Bayliss, Partner of Anchorage, said: “Burger King is an outstanding brand, with a strong market position in New Zealand, but there is significant scope to enhance operational performance. In addition there is a further opportunity to invest in the restaurant network to compliment the turnaround opportunity to satisfy latent demand.Anchorage has an established track record of investing in quality businesses that are underperforming, and delivering an executable turnaround program to drive performance above the current status quo through an identifiable and achievable plan. The acquisition of Burger King New Zealand is a classic turnaround, with significant upside available from doing the basics well.”Anchorage has put in place a new management team to be led by experienced quick service restaurant executive, John Elliott who will join the group to oversee operations, combined with key existing management, including General Manager Business Services Michelle Alexander, who assumes the role of Commercial Director. John Elliott said “This is an exciting opportunity to develop and invest in the Burger King brand in New Zealand.”Anchorage typically targets investments in businesses with a strong brand and leading market position, which are materially underperforming. Anchorage drives the turnaround program directly through active involvement in the business, leveraging its significant experience in operational management, business leadership, corporate finance and strategy.The holding company has been renamed Antares Restaurant Group Limited.More details –Mark BaylissPartnerEmail: anchorage@anchoragecapital.com.auAnchorage Capital PartnersAnchorage was formed in 2007 and currently has A$100 million committed capital, and is targeting a final close in coming months for a total commitment of up to A$200 million.Burger King New ZealandBurger King New Zealand trading as TPF Restaurants Limited opened its first restaurant in New Zealand in 1994, and currently comprises a network of 71 restaurants, including two independently owned restaurants. BK holds the number two position in the quick service restaurant segment in New Zealand, and is the second largest burger chain in the country















Proposal for Heinz to acquire Golden Circle Limited


October  6, 2008
Justin ONeill




Golden Circle Limited (Golden Circle) and H.J. Heinz Company Australia Limited (Heinz) have today announced they have entered into an Implementation Agreement whereby it is proposed that Heinz will acquire all of the Golden Circle shares on issue for A$1.65 cash per share (the Heinz Proposal), valuing Golden Circle at approximately $288 million. The acquisition is to be implemented by way of a Scheme of Arrangement (the Scheme) under which Golden Circle Shareholders will be asked to vote on the Heinz Proposal at a Scheme Meeting, expected to be held in early to mid December 2008 (Scheme Meeting). Further details of the Scheme will be provided to Golden Circle Shareholders in the coming weeks through an Explanatory Booklet, which will include an Independent Expert's Report.
  Scheme Highlights 


Heinz proposes to acquire the entire issued capital of Golden Circle for $1.65 per share in cash 
The Directors of Golden Circle strongly encourage Shareholders to vote in favour of the Scheme - either in person at the Scheme Meeting or by proxy (in the absence of a Superior Proposal and subject to the Independent Expert concluding that the Scheme is in the best interest of Golden Circle Shareholders). For Shareholder approval to be obtained, more than 50% in number of Golden Circle Shareholders voting at the Scheme Meeting (whether in person or by proxy) (Headcount Test), and at least 75% of the total number of votes cast at the Scheme Meeting (whether in person or by proxy) must approve the Scheme 
If successful, it is expected that the Scheme will be implemented, including the payment of $1.65 per share to Golden Circle Shareholders, by late December 2008 Heinz has indicated its desire to maintain contracts between Golden Circle and its growers, who would benefit from potential increases in demand volume over time as Heinz grows the business 
An Independent Expert, Ernst & Young Transaction Advisory Services Limited, has been appointed by the Board of Golden Circle to consider the Heinz Proposal and provide an opinion on whether the Heinz Proposal is in the best interest of Golden Circle Shareholders, in the absence of a Superior Proposal 
The Board of Golden Circle has unanimously recommended the Heinz Proposal, and intends to vote in favour of the Heinz Proposal with respect to all Golden Circle shares held by them or in which they otherwise have a relevant interest. This unanimous recommendation is subject to no Superior Proposal emerging and the Independent Expert concluding that the Scheme is in the best interest of Golden Circle Shareholders 
Golden Circle's major Shareholder, Anchorage, intends to vote their shares in favour of the Scheme, in the absence of a Superior Proposal 
$1.65 per share represents a significant premium of 313% to the closing price of Golden Circle on 3 October 2008 of $0.40, being the last trading day prior to the announcement of the Heinz Proposal 
Every Golden Circle Shareholder will be asked to vote on the Heinz Proposal at a Scheme Meeting expected to be held in early to mid December 2008, either in person or by completing the relevant proxy form  Important information on the Heinz Proposal will be contained within the Explanatory Booklet which is expected to be circulated to Golden Circle Shareholders in late October or early November 2008 
Implementation of the Scheme is subject to a number of conditions (summarised in the attachment to this announcement) including the approval of the Supreme Court of Queensland 
Golden Circle Chairman, Mr. Phillip Cave said: "The Board of Golden Circle believes that the Heinz Proposal represents a compelling value proposition and is in the best interests of Golden Circle Shareholders. In the absence of a Superior Proposal, the Board of Golden Circle unanimously recommends that Golden Circle Shareholders vote in favour of the Heinz Proposal at the Scheme Meeting." "The continuation of contracts between growers and Golden Circle was an issue of high importance during our deliberations regarding the Heinz Proposal. Heinz has indicated its desire to maintain grower contracts," he said. "The Board also considers the certainty of timing and payment of the Heinz Proposal as attractive for all Golden Circle Shareholders, particularly during a period of difficult economic conditions". Golden Circle's largest Shareholder, Anchorage, which has a 35% shareholding commented, "The Heinz Proposal is very attractive and we intend to vote in favour of the Heinz Proposal in the absence of a Superior Proposal." Golden Circle Chief Executive Officer Craig Mills said: "Heinz is a leading global player in the food industry. It is considered an innovator with considerable marketing know-how" "The acquisition provides the opportunity for a complementary product range offering a wide variety of everyday consumer food and beverages under iconic brands." Heinz Managing Director, Mr. Peter Widdows said: "Like Heinz, Golden Circle holds a longstanding Australian heritage of providing high quality, affordable food and beverages to Australian families. We look forward to continuing this heritage and growing the Golden Circle business." "We are acutely aware of Golden Circle's origins and the importance of Golden Circle to the farming community. Our desire is to maintain contracts between growers and Golden Circle, which would benefit from potential increases in volume over time as the combined sales and marketing strength of a combined Golden Circle and Heinz is realised." "Golden Circle's workforce also forms an integral part of Golden Circle's success and will benefit from opportunities that will become available as part of the Heinz group," he said. 
  Benefits to Golden Circle Shareholders 


All cash offer of $1.65 per share 
A premium of 313% to Golden Circle's share price on 3 October 2008, being the trading date immediately prior to this announcement 
Heinz has indicated its desire to strengthen the relationship with Golden Circle's growers 
Indicative timetable The indicative timetable for events set out in this letter is as follows. It should be noted that the timing is for guidance only and may be influenced by a number of factors. Golden Circle will publicly announce any material changes to this timetable. 
6 October 2008 Implementation Agreement signed 
Late October early November 2008 Explanatory Booklet and Notice of Scheme Meeting sent to Shareholders 
13 November 2008 Shareholder Information Meeting 
Early to mid December 2008 Scheme Meeting for Shareholders, followed by Supreme Court of Queensland court hearing 
Late December 2008 If approved, payment of $1.65 cash per share 
Implementation Agreement Golden Circle and Heinz have entered into an Implementation Agreement under which Heinz will acquire all of the Golden Circle shares on issue by way of Scheme of Arrangement between Golden Circle and its Shareholders. The Heinz Proposal is subject to Shareholder approval, regulatory approvals (including approval by the Foreign Investment Review Board), approval of the Supreme Court of Queensland and other conditions as set out in the Implementation Agreement. The key terms and conditions of the Scheme are summarised in an Attachment to this announcement. Shareholder Information Meeting A Shareholder information meeting in relation to the Heinz Proposal will be held on 13 November 2008 at The Events Centre, Caloundra commencing at 2pm and the Golden Circle Board encourages all Shareholders to attend this meeting. At this meeting, Golden Circle Shareholders will have an opportunity to further understand (including asking any questions relating to) the Heinz Proposal and to meet the Managing Director of Heinz, Mr Peter Widdows. Advisors Golden Circle is being advised by ABN AMRO Investment Bank. Heinz is being advised by UBS Investment Bank. For further information contact: Golden Circle:Bruce Ruddy Rowland +61 7 3229 4499 (Golden Circle communications advisor) Heinz: Peter Brookes Citadel+61 407 911 389 (Heinz communications advisor) SUMMARY OF IMPLEMENTATION AGREEMENT 
Summary 
Golden Circle Limited (Golden Circle) and H.J. Heinz Company Australia Limited (Heinz) have entered into an Implementation Agreement (Implementation Agreement). 
The Implementation Agreement sets out the obligations of Golden Circle and Heinz in relation to a Scheme of Arrangement to be proposed to Golden Circle Shareholders. A copy of the Implementation Agreement will be set out in the Explanatory Booklet that is to be provided to Golden Circle Shareholders prior to the Scheme Meeting. A summary of some of the key terms of the Implementation Agreement are set out below. 

Conditions 

Implementation of the Scheme is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of a number of conditions precedent including the following:  


all regulatory approvals required to implement the Scheme are obtained including Foreign Investment Review Board approval; 
no prohibitive orders or determinations prevent the implementation of the Scheme; 
Golden Circle Shareholders approve the Scheme at the Scheme Meeting. The resolution for the Scheme must be passed by a majority in number of Golden Circle Shareholders present and voting (in person or by proxy) and whose votes represent at least 75% of the total votes cast at the meeting; 
none of the Directors of Golden Circle change, qualify or withdraw their unanimous recommendation to Golden Circle Shareholders to vote in favour of the Scheme in the absence of a Superior Proposal and subject to the Independent Expert concluding that the Scheme is in the best interest of Golden Circle Shareholders; 
the Scheme is approved by the Supreme Court of Queensland; 
no change in the recommendation of the Golden Circle Board for Golden Circle Shareholders to accept the Heinz Proposal unless there is a Superior Proposal or if the Independent Expert concludes that the Scheme is not in their best interest; 
no occurrence of a Material Adverse Change between the date of signing the Implementation Agreement and 8.00am on the Second Court Date; 
no Golden Circle or Heinz Prescribed Occurrence occurs between the date of the Implementation Agreement and 8:00am on the Second Court Date; 
the warranties given by Golden Circle and Heinz to each other in the Implementation Agreement are (and remain) true and correct; and 
receipt of consent to the Scheme from GE Capital Asset Services and Trading Asia Pacific Pty Ltd being the financier to Golden Circle. 

Material Adverse Change 
A material adverse change means a matter, event or circumstance including a change in any applicable law that occurs, is announced or becomes known to the Golden Circle Board (whether or not it becomes 5 public) where that matter, event or circumstance: 
 

has, has had or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or when aggregated with all such matters, events or circumstances the effect of diminishing the net assets of the Golden Circle group as at 30 June 2008 as disclosed in the Golden Circle 2007/2008 Annual Report by an amount of $16.5 million or more; or 
will have or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or when aggregated with all such matters, events or circumstances the result that the EBITDA of the Golden Circle Group for the financial year ending 30 June 2009 is reduced by 20% or more of the budgeted EBITDA for that period.   
The occurrence of a Material Adverse Change does not include matters disclosed to Heinz as provided in the Implementation Agreement. 

Golden Circle Prescribed Occurrences 
Golden Circle Prescribed Occurrences include (among others and subject to various carve outs such as due to a requirement under the Scheme or pursuant to the Implementation Agreement) Golden Circle: 

increasing or decreasing its share capital in any way, including the issue of any dividends; 
acquiring or disposing of material assets; 
entering into contracts requiring material payments; 
materially altering terms of employment or paying termination or retention payments; 
making any changes to its Constitution; 
distributing profits by way of payment of a dividend or otherwise; and 
making any significant changes to accounting policies. 
Termination 
The Implementation Agreement may be terminated by either party at any time prior to 8.00am on the Second Court Date, by giving the other party written notice if: 

the other party is in material breach of its obligations under the Implementation Agreement and has not rectified that breach within five Business Days (or any shorter period ending at 5.00pm on the day before the Second Court Date) after it is given notice by the first party specifying that breach and requiring it to be rectified; 
at the Scheme Meeting, the Scheme is not approved by the necessary majorities of the Scheme Shareholders, except to the extent the Court is prepared to disregard the Headcount Test; 
a Superior Proposal is publicly announced and the Golden Circle Board publicly announces that the Superior Proposal is recommended by the Golden Circle Board; 
Heinz changes the structure of the Heinz Proposal from a scheme to a takeover, provided that the takeover bid is on terms at least as favourable as the Scheme; 
the Court has refused to make any order directing Golden Circle to convene the Scheme Meeting or approving the Scheme, provided that both parties have met and consulted in good faith and agreed that they 6 do not wish to proceed with the Scheme; 
the conditions (as summarised above) are not satisfied or waived (if capable of being waived) by the required date; or 
the date the scheme becomes effective does not occur on or before the End Date.  
Exclusivity 
Under the Implementation Agreement, Golden Circle and Heinz have agreed to the following exclusivity arrangements for the period commencing on the date of the Implementation Agreement and ending on the earliest of: 

the End Date; 
the effective date of the Scheme; and 
the date the Implementation Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, 

(Exclusivity Period)
No talk 
Subject to the exception noted below, during the Exclusivity Period, Golden Circle must ensure that neither it nor any of its Representatives (including Anchorage Golden Circle Pty Ltd and certain of its related bodies corporate), except with the prior written consent of Heinz, enters into or participates in any negotiations, discussions, agreement, arrangement or understanding with any other person in relation to, or which may reasonably be expected to lead to, a Competing Proposal or potential Competing Proposal. 
No Shop 
During the Exclusivity Period, Golden Circle must not, and must ensure that its Representatives (including Anchorage Golden Circle Pty Ltd and certain of its related bodies corporate) do not, except with the prior written consent of Heinz, solicit, encourage or invite, directly or indirectly, any enquiries, discussions or proposals in relation to, or which may reasonably be expected to lead to, a Competing Proposal. 
Exception to No Talk 
Golden Circle may undertake any action that would otherwise be prohibited by the No Talk limb of the above exclusivity arrangements if it is in response to unsolicited proposals that may lead to a bona fide competing proposal where the Golden Circle Board is acting reasonably, in good faith, in order to satisfy what the it considers to be its fiduciary and statutory duties and having received written legal advice that not responding to the proposal would be reasonably likely to constitute a breach of its fiduciary and statutory duties. 
Notification of approaches 
Golden Circle is obliged under the Implementation Agreement to promptly notify Heinz in writing of all material details of a Competing Proposal. 

Reimbursement fee 
In compensation for the costs incurred by Heinz in relation to the Proposal, Golden Circle agrees to pay to Heinz $2,100,000 (exclusive of GST) (Break Fee) if any of the following circumstances arise: 

Golden Circle is in material breach of this agreement or of a representation and warranty and, subject to a cure period, Heinz validly terminates the Implementation Agreement; 
at any time prior to the Second Court Date, any Director of Golden Circle changes or withdraws his support or positive recommendation of the Scheme or makes a public statement indicating that he no longer supports the Scheme (Change of Recommendation) and Heinz validly terminates the Implementation Agreement, other than where the Change of Recommendation is because: 
the required regulatory approvals are not obtained; 
a prescribed occurrence occurs in relation to Heinz; 
a warranty given by Heinz in the Implementation Agreement is not true and correct; 
the Independent Expert opines that the Scheme is not in the best interests of Golden Circle Shareholders; or 
Golden Circle is entitled to terminate the Implementation Agreement due to a material, un-rectified breach of the Implementation Agreement by Heinz; 
a Superior Proposal is publicly announced which the Golden Circle Board has recommended to Golden Circle Shareholders and which remains current at the time (if any) that Heinz subsequently validly terminates the Implementation Agreement; 
Anchorage Golden Circle Pty Ltd does not vote in favour of the Scheme in circumstances where Golden Circle has not publicly recommended a Superior Proposal, the Independent Expert has opined the Scheme is in the best interest of Golden Circle Shareholders and Golden Circle is not entitled to terminate the Implementation Agreement; during the term of the Implementation Agreement or for a six month period commencing on the earlier of termination of the Implementation Agreement and the End Date, a Competing Proposal is announced, the Competing Proposal is a Superior Proposal (to the Heinz Proposal) and the proponent of that Competing Proposal: 
acquires a relevant interest in at least 50% of Golden Circle Shares where the Superior Proposal is (or becomes) free from any defeating conditions; or 
acquires the whole or a substantial part of the Golden Circle Group's assets, business or property. 
The Break Fee is not payable merely because the resolution submitted to the Scheme Meeting in respect of the Scheme is not approved by the required majorities, provided that Anchorage Golden Circle Pty Ltd votes in favour of the Scheme. 

Key Definitions 
Competing Proposal 
A Competing Proposal is any proposal or possible transaction or arrangement (whether by way of takeover, share acquisition, Scheme of Arrangement, capital reconstruction, acquisition of main undertaking or otherwise) pursuant to which, if ultimately completed, a person whether alone or together with its associates (other than Heinz or a Related Body Corporate of Heinz) would: 

directly or indirectly, acquire an interest in, a relevant interest in or become the holder of: 
more than 20% of the shares in Golden Circle; or 
the whole or a substantial part or a material part of the business or property of Golden Circle or the Golden Circle Group; 
acquire control of Golden Circle, within the meaning of section 50AA of the Corporations Act; or 
otherwise acquire or merge with Golden Circle (including by a reverse takeover bid, reverse Scheme of Arrangement or dual listed company structure).  
End Date 
The End Date means 

11.59pm on 31 January 2009; or 
11.59pm on 27 February 2009 if prior to 7.00pm Brisbane time on 30 January 2009 Heinz gives written notice to Golden Circle extending the End Date to 11.59pm on 27 February 2009; or 
such other date and time agreed in writing between Heinz and Golden Circle.  
Superior Proposal 
A Superior Proposal is a bona fide Competing Proposal which: 

in the determination of the Golden Circle Board acting in good faith is reasonably capable of being financed and completed within a reasonable time, taking into account the nature of the Competing Proposal and the person or persons making it; and 
in the determination of the Golden Circle Board acting in good faith and in order to satisfy what the Golden Circle Board reasonably considers to be its fiduciary or statutory duties, would, if completed substantially in accordance with its terms, be likely to result in a transaction more favourable to the Golden Circle Shareholders than the Scheme or any Heinz counterproposal (as applicable).  




























Investor Login












Anchorage Capital Partners






































Menu






Level 39, 259 George Street
Sydney NSW 2000
02 8259 7777




Your Custom Text Here
























































































 

About UsAnchorage Capital Partners is a specialised private equity firm that invests in businesses operating below their full potential or undergoing a significant transformation.  We seek active partnerships with management teams via control investments where we can apply our unique combination of capital, operational expertise and change disciplines. The professionals at Anchorage are highly experienced, having been involved in private equity investments in the Asia-Pacific region for over 25 years.  Anchorage manages two funds with a total of $450M funds under management.Investment FocusCompanies that are currently not operating at their full potential.Headquarters in Australia, New Zealand or South East Asia.Minimum of $100M in revenues.Enterprise value "sweet spot" of $25M to $250M, with the ability to make larger investments if required.All sectors, except direct property, direct mining, tech/biotech and start-ups or early stage.The Anchorage DifferenceOperational and “hands-on”Turnaround and special situations expertiseFast executionFlexible deal structuresCertainty from committed funds














Investor Login












Investment Profiles — Anchorage Capital Partners































Menu






Level 39, 259 George Street
Sydney NSW 2000
02 8259 7777




Your Custom Text Here













Current Portfolio















































Exited Portfolio - Case Studies























































Investor Login












Case Study: Burger King — Anchorage Capital Partners































Menu






Level 39, 259 George Street
Sydney NSW 2000
02 8259 7777




Your Custom Text Here













CASE STUDYANTARES RESTAURANT GROUP LIMITED Overview

Antares (“Burger King NZ”) was acquired by Anchorage together with management in September 2009
Antares held the franchise rights to operate the Burger King system in New Zealand with a network of more than 70 restaurants 
Under Anchorage ownership, a ‘back to basics’ turnaround blueprint was developed and executed in conjunction with senior management resulting in demonstrable improvements in the performance and quality of the business
Antares was successfully sold to The Blackstone Group in November 2011
Transaction backgroundBurger King NZ was acquired by Anchorage and the senior management team from private shareholders.  The senior management team included both a new CEO and Director of Operations from the outset of the investment.  Business overviewBurger King is a leading quick service restaurant (QSR) brand and is the second largest hamburger chain in the world and NZ.  It is most recognised for its signature burger, the WHOPPER.  Burger King NZ offers a range of authentic flame-grilled beef and quality chicken burgers and is known for having the best tasting and biggest burgers amongst its competitors. Antares owned and operated all but three of the Burger King restaurants in New Zealand with the remaining three restaurants franchised.  Antares also had a joint venture interest in a local meat processing operation supplying beef patties to the Burger King NZ network and export customers in South East Asia.Turnaround program
Anchorage viewed Antares as a classic turnaround.  The investment rationale was based on doing the basics well by improving gross margin and restaurant profitability, leveraging the strong underlying brand and investing in the business.

The turnaround blueprint implemented included the following initiatives:

Organisation and culture: Appointed new Director of Operations; changes to restaurant management; implemented a new culture; improved training, development, incentives an safety processes
Brand: Consumer insight study; new advertising and marketing program; new menu boards
Cost management: Improved supply chain management; new gross margin improvement initiatives; systems and technology investment; continuous improvement program; established internal audit function
Operations: Improved labour scheduling; new drive thru capability, improved speed of service; 
Product and menu: New products; revisiting pricing and bundle meals
Restaurant environment: Major investment refurbishment program; five new restaurants opened

The turnaround program resulted in a material change in the quality of the business.  Underlying EBITDA almost doubled and a range of new growth options were developed.    
  Financial performance


The turnaround initiatives outlined above delivered meaningful improvements in earnings and margins and have significantly improved the quality of the business.   ExitAntares was successfully sold to The Blackstone Group in November 2011.






















Investor Login












News — Anchorage Capital Partners
































Menu






Level 39, 259 George Street
Sydney NSW 2000
02 8259 7777




Your Custom Text Here


















ANCHORAGE CAPITAL PARTNERS ACQUIRES AFFINITY EDUCATION GROUP


December 15, 2015
Justin ONeill




Anchorage Capital Partners announced today that it has completed the acquisition of Affinity Education Group (Affinity).Affinity is one of the largest child care operators in Australia, with a portfolio of more than 160 centres. Affinity’s key focus is providing exceptional child care and education services.  Anchorage Managing Director and Chairman of Affinity, Daniel Wong, said “Anchorage is pleased to have completed the acquisition of the Affinity Education Group and we are excited by the significant potential for the business.  Our focus will remain first and foremost to provide exceptional child care and education services.  We look forward to working with the Affinity team to enhance operations and achieve the vision of becoming the leading child care provider in Australia.”Affinity’s operations are led by Chief Executive Officer, Tim Hickey.  Tim was previously Chief Executive of Australian Retail and Distribution for Fletcher Building, Diva (a fast fashion jewellery business), Midas Australia and held senior executive roles with Pepsico Restaurants and Yum Brands.  Anchorage will be represented on the Board of Affinity by Daniel Wong as Chairman, and Callen O’Brien and Simon Woodhouse as Non-Executive Directors.About Affinity Affinity is one of the largest child care operators in Australia, with a portfolio of over 160 centres. Affinity’s key focus is providing exceptional child care and education services.  We recognise and value our moral obligation to act with professional integrity as advocates on behalf of children. We strive to provide a safe, respectful and compassionate environment that recognises children as people with valuable views and interests to ensure children feel noticed, heard and understood while receiving the best possible educational program to support their emotional and social development.About Anchorage Capital PartnersAnchorage Capital Partners is a specialist Australian private equity firm that focuses on investing in companies which have strong and established track records, but are not achieving their full potential.  The funds managed by Anchorage have $450 million in committed funds.  Anchorage's partners and investment professionals have considerable experience in company management, corporate strategy, management consulting and corporate finance and have a long track record of successful partnerships with management teams.







MARK GROUP ACQUIRES A MARKET LEADER IN COMMERCIAL AND INDUSTRIAL SOLAR PV INSTALLATIONS IN AUSTRALIA 


December  7, 2015
Justin ONeill




Anchorage Capital Partners is pleased to announce that its investee company, Mark Group Holdings (Mark Group), has today completed the acquisition of Solgen Group (Solgen).Solgen was formed in 2008 and is a market leader in commercial and industrial solar PV installations in Australia, with many solar installations completed for high profile commercial and Government clients. The acquisition of Solgen is highly complementary to Mark Group, providing exposure to the high growth commercial and industrial solar sector. “This acquisition presents an opportunity to capitalise on a dynamic market and realise our strategic intent to further strengthen our brands as the leading providers of quality renewable energy solutions in the region”, said David Brown, CEO of Mark Group.  Solgen has an experienced and highly regarded leadership team, led by founders David Naismith and Joe Coco, who will remain as Directors of Solgen and join the Senior Executive Team of the combined Group. “Today’s announcement is exciting news for the Solgen team, our customers and our business partners. We share in the passion and vision of the Mark Group team to be the leading renewable energy provider in the region” said David Naismith.The Solgen investment further strengthens Anchorage’s investment and commitment to renewable energy alongside Mark Group.  Phil Cave, Mark Group Chairman said, “We are delighted to bring together Mark Group and Solgen as we set about creating a high quality, sustainable business, in an exciting industry”.About SolgenSolgen was formed in 2008 and is a market leader in commercial and industrial solar PV installations in Australia, with many solar installations completed for high profile commercial and Government clients. About Mark GroupMark Group was formed in 2009 and has established itself as one of the leaders in the residential solar PV installation segment, with over 21,000 energy efficiency installations completed in the past 6 years. About Anchorage Capital PartnersAnchorage Capital Partners is a specialist Australian private equity firm that focuses on investing in companies which have strong and established track records, but are not achieving their full potential.  The funds managed by Anchorage have $450 million in committed funds.  Anchorage's partners and investment professionals have considerable experience in company management, corporate strategy, management consulting and corporate finance and have a long track record of successful partnerships with management teams.







ANCHORAGE CAPITAL PARTNERS ACQUIRES MARK GROUP


April  1, 2015
Justin ONeill




Anchorage Capital Partners announced today that it has completed the acquisition of Mark Group Pty Ltd (Mark Group).Mark Group is a market leader in solar photo voltaic installations, with operations across Australia.  Mark Group was established in 2009 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Mark Group United Kingdom (MGUK).  The business became available for sale following a restructure of the original family ownership of MGUK."Mark Group operates a strong platform within the solar installation sector with an established national footprint and a reputation for high quality service and products", said Anchorage Managing Director Phil Cave. "With the current focus on renewable energy sources and energy efficiency, we see significant opportunity in the business for sustainable earnings improvement."MGA has a high quality management team who are well-known in the sector. Anchorage will be represented on the Board of Mark Group by Phil Cave as Chairman and Callen O'Brien as Non-Executive Director.Anchorage Managing Director Callen O'Brien will chair the turnaround committee.About Mark Group Mark Group was established in 2009 and was previously a wholly owned subsidiary of Mark Group United Kingdom.  The company is a market leader in solar photo voltaic installations with operations across Australia.  About Anchorage Capital PartnersAnchorage Capital Partners is a specialist Australian private equity firm that focuses on investing in companies which have strong and established track records, but are not achieving their full potential.  The funds managed by Anchorage have $450 million in committed funds.  Anchorage's partners and investment professionals have considerable experience in company management, corporate strategy, management consulting and corporate finance and have a long track record of successful partnerships with management teams.







Anchorage Capital Partners Acquires Independent Children's Footwear Retailer Shoes & Sox


March 31, 2015
Justin ONeill




Anchorage Capital Partners announced that it has today completed the acquisition of Shoes & Sox Pty Ltd.Founded in 1987, Shoes & Sox is Australia’s leading independent children’s footwear specialist. Focused on the premium childrens’ and infants’ shoe market, Shoes & Sox has a reputation for fitting expertise -“we fit feet right.” Shoes & Sox currently employs around 200 staff across 24 stores, which are located in premium Australian metropolitan shopping centres.The acquisition of Shoes & Sox is highly complementary to Anchorage’s recent acquisition of Brand Collective. “As Brand Collective’s largest customer for Clarks shoes, the acquisition of Shoes & Sox enhances Brand Collective’s pathway to the customer and improves Brand Collective’s position in the footwear value chain”, said Simon Woodhouse, Anchorage Managing Director and Chairman of Brand Collective. “Along with the strategic value for Brand Collective, there is significant opportunity to grow the Shoes & Sox retail network in this specialty segment.”Shoes & Sox has an experienced and highly regarded leadership team, led by Martin and Michele Tabachnik.  Martin and Michele will remain with Shoes & Sox for at least two years following completion of the sale.“This transaction represents an exciting new phase for Shoes & Sox, providing additional scale to drive future growth,” said Managing Director Martin Tabachnik.  “Importantly, it ensures the longer-term prosperity of Shoes & Sox for our valued staff, who deliver on our mission of putting the best-fitting shoes on children’s feet.”Anchorage will be represented on the Board of Shoes & Sox by Simon Woodhouse as Chairman and Daniel Wong as Non-Executive Director.About Shoes & SoxShoes & Sox is Australia’s leading independent children’s footwear specialist.  Focused on the premium childrens’ and infants’ shoe market, Shoes & Sox has a reputation for fitting expertise -“we fit feet right.” Shoes & Sox currently employs around 200 staff across 24 stores, which are located in premium Australian metropolitan shopping centres. About Brand Collective Brand Collective owns a number of iconic Australian brands including Volley, Grosby and Julius Marlow, and has exclusive licences for leading international brands including Superdry, Clarks, Hush Puppies and Mossimo.  The business sells through a combination of leading department stores and discount department store chains, as well as around 50 branded retail sites and several company owned websites.  Brand Collective also owns the Shoe Warehouse chain of discount footwear stores. About Anchorage Capital PartnersAnchorage Capital Partners is a specialist Australian private equity firm that focuses on investing in companies which have strong and established track records, but are not achieving their full potential.  The funds managed by Anchorage have $450 million in committed funds.  Anchorage's partners and investment professionals have considerable experience in company management, corporate strategy, management consulting and corporate finance and have a long track record of successful partnerships with management teams.  Anchorage has significant experience in the consumer products and retail sector, gained through successful investments including Dick Smith Holdings, Burger King New Zealand and Golden Circle.  







Anchorage Capital Partners Acquires the Footwear and Outerwear Brands of Pacific Brands Limited


November 18, 2014
Justin ONeill




Pacific Brands announced today it has signed an agreement to sell the Footwear and Outerwear businesses of its Brand Collective division to Anchorage Capital Partners.  Anchorage is also acquiring the rights to the Brand Collective name, which will be the trading name of the business going forward.  Martin Matthews, current Group General Manager of Brand Collective, will be Chief Executive Officer of the newly acquired business.  Caleb Brown, current General Manager of Strategy and Commercial Finance, will be Chief Financial Officer.  Brand Collective owns a number of iconic Australian brands including Volley, Grosby and Julius Marlow, and has exclusive licences for leading international brands including Superdry, Clarks, Hush Puppies and Mossimo.  The business sells through a combination of leading department stores and discount department store chains, as well as around 50 branded retail sites and several company owned websites.  Brand Collective also owns the Shoe Warehouse chain of discount footwear stores.  In partnership with management, Anchorage has developed a comprehensive rejuvenation plan for Brand Collective.  Anchorage Managing Director and Chairman of Brand Collective, Simon Woodhouse, said “Anchorage is extremely excited to announce the acquisition of Brand Collective.  The business has an enviable brand portfolio and we believe that with the right focus and investment we can establish Brand Collective as the leading house of brands in the Australasian region.  We look forward to working with Martin, Caleb and all of the employees of Brand Collective to achieve this vision.”Joining Simon on the Board will be fellow Anchorage partner Daniel Wong, while Chris Adams, Director at Anchorage, will also assist management with the turnaround program.Martin Matthews, CEO of Brand Collective said “I am extremely excited by the opportunity this change creates for the Brand Collective business, our brands and our people.  Under Anchorage's ownership we will have the support, freedom and investment we need to accelerate the turnaround of our business and the rejuvenation of our brands.  We look forward to partnering closely with our licensors, retail customers and suppliers to achieve our vision for the business.”Anchorage's financing partner for the transaction is Westpac.  Minter Ellison provided legal advice and Ernst & Young acted as tax advisor.  The transaction is expected to complete on 1 December 2014.   About Anchorage Capital PartnersAnchorage Capital Partners is a specialist Australian private equity firm that focuses on investing in companies which have strong and established track records, but are not achieving their full potential.  The funds managed by Anchorage have $450 million in committed funds.  Anchorage's partners and investment professionals have considerable experience in company management, corporate strategy, management consulting and corporate finance and have a long track record of successful partnerships with management teams.  Anchorage has significant experience in the consumer products and retail sector, gained through successful investments including Dick Smith Holdings, Burger King New Zealand and Golden Circle.  















Sunningdale Tech Acquires First Engineering Limited


November 12, 2014
Justin ONeill




Singapore Exchange Mainboard-listed Sunningdale Tech Ltd ("Sunningdale Tech") announced today  completion of the 100% acquisition of all of the issued and paid-up shares of Anchorage Singapore  Holdings Pte Ltd, the ultimate holding company of First Engineering Limited ("FEL"). The transaction  values FEL at an enterprise value of US$80 million. 

Headquartered in Singapore, FEL is a market leading manufacturer of precision plastic moulds and  engineering components, for the automotive, consumer/IT and healthcare (medical device) business  segments. FEL serves a blue chip customer base from its manufacturing and sales locations across  five countries. In the preceding twelve month period ending 31 July 2014, FEL generated revenue  and EBITDA of US$134 million1 and US$17.1 million1, respectively. 
"In just over two years of Anchorage ownership, a comprehensive turnaround program has resulted  in a fully invested, high quality and scalable business," said Anchorage Managing Director and FEL  Chairman, Daniel Wong.  
"Today, FEL is one of the most diversified precision plastics manufacturers in Asia, with high quality  customers and exposure to attractive markets such as auto and medical devices.  Strategic capital  investment, including a best-in-class tooling centre in Shanghai, China, and manufacturing facility in  Chennai, India, have further strengthened FEL’s design, engineering and manufacturing capabilities,  to be leveraged for future growth." 
Rippledot Capital advised the Board in relation to the transaction and Allen & Gledhill was FEL’s legal  adviser. 
Sunningdale Tech’s announcement can be viewed here.
About Anchorage Capital Partners
Anchorage Capital Partners is a specialist Australian private equity firm that focuses on investing in  companies which have strong and established track records, but are not achieving their full  potential.  The funds managed by Anchorage have $450 million in committed funds.  Anchorage's  partners and investment professionals have considerable experience in company management,  corporate strategy, management consulting and corporate finance and have a long track record of  successful partnerships with management teams.

1 Based on unaudited and unreviewed management accounts prepared by FEL. Revenue does not include any  contribution from FEL’s joint venture partner, while EBITDA includes proportionate contribution from FEL’s  joint venture company








Anchorage Capital Partners would like to announce the retirement of Michael Briggs.


May 30, 2014
Justin ONeill




Anchorage thanks Michael for his significant contribution and wishes him every success in the future.







Ruralco Holdings Acquires Total Eden


February 28, 2014
Justin ONeill




Australian Securities Exchange-listed Ruralco Holdings Limited (“Ruralco”) today announced it had completed the acquisition of 100% of Total Eden Holdings Pty Ltd (“Total Eden”) for a purchase price  of $57.4 million.Total Eden provides end to end water management solutions across its two trading divisions, being  Networks and Services. The Networks division currently comprises 37 retail stores and 4 distribution  centres in WA, NSW, QLD, VIC and SA.  The Services division provides water solutions to a broad  range of customers including government, agriculture and mining across Australia and New Zealand.  “Together with the Total Eden management team, Anchorage have successfully steered the business  through a challenging period of turnaround, business integration and performance improvement,”  said Anchorage Managing Director and Total Eden Chairman, Daniel Wong.  “Our focus on enhancing the company’s internal systems and controls, products, brand and culture  has underpinned a sustained increase in financial performance.  Total Eden today is a market leading  water solutions business with established national distribution footprint and end to end project  delivery capabilities.” Ruralco’s announcement can be viewed here.  About Anchorage Capital Partners Anchorage Capital Partners is a specialist Australian private equity firm that focuses on investing in  companies which have strong and established track records, but are not achieving their full  potential.  The funds managed by Anchorage have $450 million in committed funds.  Anchorage's  partners and investment professionals have considerable experience in company management,  corporate strategy, management consulting and corporate finance and have a long track record of  successful partnerships with management teams.







Dick Smith Lists on ASX


December  4, 2013
Justin ONeill




MEDIA RELEASENOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE IN THE UNITED STATES OR TO U.S. PERSONSDick Smith lists on ASX - Major step for iconic consumer electronics businessWednesday, 4 December 2013Dick Smith Holdings Limited (Dick Smith) (ASX: DSH) will today be admitted to the official list of the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX), with trading in its fully paid ordinary shares (Shares) commencing following strong demand in its initial public offering (IPO).The Shares, which were offered at a price of $2.20 each, implying a market capitalisation of the company of $520 million, will debut on ASX at 12.00pm (Sydney time).Nick Abboud, Managing Director and CEO of Dick Smith, said: “Today is a major step in the evolution of our company, one that has been a fixture in the retail community in Australia and New Zealand for decades.“We have been greatly encouraged by the institutional and retail shareholder response to the IPO and the strong demand for Shares. This has allowed us to assemble a high quality register of institutional Shareholders.“However, we are 100% aware of the responsibility we have to deliver on behalf of our Shareholders. They want to see us meet our objectives and to deliver sustainable profit and growth.”Anchorage Capital Partners, a turnaround and special situations private equity firm, will remain as a key Shareholder in Dick Smith by retaining an interest of 20%. Dick Smith management will hold 11.5% of the Shares issued.Dick Smith Chairman and Anchorage founder, Phil Cave, paid tribute to the transformation program that Nick Abboud and the management team had driven at the company.“Working with Nick has been a great partnership for us. A tremendous amount of work has gone into driving change and getting Dick Smith to the point that it can become a listed company,” Mr Cave said. “There is still more to do, of course, and Anchorage is retaining a significant Shareholding as a sign of our confidence in the company’s forecast financial performance.”Goldman Sachs and Macquarie Capital were joint lead managers, joint bookrunners and underwriters to the Offer. Aquasia advised the Board in relation to the Offer and Minter Ellison was Dick Smith’s legal adviser.















Anchorage Capital Partners Closes Fund II


April  5, 2013
Justin ONeill




ANCHORAGE ANNOUNCES CLOSING OF ANCHORAGE CAPITAL PARTNERS FUND II AT A$250 MILLION.Second Turnaround Fund Capped at A$250 Million.Anchorage Capital Partners (“Anchorage”), the Sydney based private equity firm focusing on special situations and turnaround investment in the Australian, New Zealand and Southeast Asian markets, today announced the A$250 million first and final closing of Anchorage Capital Partners II, (the “Fund” or “Fund II”). Significant interest from both existing and new investors meant that the Fund was oversubscribed and capped at A$250 million.Anchorage maintained the strong local market support evidenced in prior fundraising efforts, with over 50% of Fund commitments sourced from Australian institutions. Offshore Limited Partners, comprising a select group of institutional investors from Asia, Europe and the U.S., provided the balance of the commitments.Consistent with the Anchorage Capital Partners I investment mandate, the Fund will seek controlling investments in underperforming Australian, New Zealand and Southeast Asian businesses, with enterprise values typically between A$50 million and A$250 million. Anchorage believes that the middle market will continue to provide attractive turnaround opportunities throughout the Investment Period of Fund II and beyond.Anchorage Partners Michael Briggs, Phil Cave, Daniel Wong and Simon Woodhouse agreed that closing the Fund in less than six months despite the challenging fundraising environment was a terrific achievement. The Team sincerely appreciates the support of existing investors and welcomes new investors to the Fund.To date, Anchorage Capital Partners I has made six investments and distributed over A$60 million to Fund I investors.MVision Private Equity Advisers acted as global placing agent for both Fund I and II. Minter Ellison acted as legal adviser and Ernst & Young acted as tax adviser to Anchorage.BackgroundAnchorage Capital Partners (“Anchorage”) is a dedicated private equity special situations manager formed in 2007, focused on the Australian and New Zealand markets and selectively in Southeast Asia.Anchorage takes an intensely hands-on and proactive approach to implementing its turnaround plans by leading the Board of a portfolio company and driving newly created Turnaround Committees at each portfolio company, which combines Anchorage Investment Team members, the CEO, CFO and other senior managers of portfolio companies. The Partners each have extensive experience in private equity, as well as direct commercial experience in management, strategy formulation, finance, accounting and operations. Anchorage Capital Partners Fund I was closed on 31 March 2010 with total committed capital of A$200 million. 







Anchorage Capital Partners Acquires Dick Smith Electronics


September 27, 2012
Justin ONeill




Anchorage Capital Partners today announced that it has entered into an agreement with Woolworths Limited to acquire 100 per cent of Dick Smith Electronics, with the transaction expected to complete by November 2012. Dick Smith is an iconic Australian consumer electronics retailer that was founded in 1968 by entrepreneur Dick Smith and became part of the Woolworths group in 1980. Today Dick Smith employs more than 4,500 people across 325 stores in Australia and New Zealand and in fiscal year 2012 reported sales of $1.6 billion.The transaction has been conservatively structured so that Dick Smith will emerge from the sale supported by a strong balance sheet with considerable asset backing and no core debt. As part of the purchase, Anchorage will also support the business by providing additional cash investment and guarantees. It is Anchorage's intention to maintain the current network of 325 stores across Australia and New Zealand and to consider selective network expansion over time where appropriate. Phillip Cave, Chairman of Anchorage commented: “Anchorage is impressed with the underlying quality of the business and sees Dick Smith as an ideal fit for our investment mandate of acquiring established businesses with strong brands that can benefit from Anchorage's proprietary approach to operational performance improvement. We're extremely pleased to have entered into the agreement with Woolworths and are confident in the long term success of the business.”Anchorage has appointed Mr Nick Abboud as Chief Executive Officer, effective upon completion of the acquisition. The Dick Smith Board will comprise; Mr Phillip Cave as Chairman and Mr Michael Briggs, a Partner at Anchorage, together with Mr Nick Abboud and Mr Bill Wavish.Mr Abboud, who brings 24 years' experience in the Australian retail sector, recently announced his resignation from retailing group Myer Australia, where he has worked since 1993. He was most recently Executive General Manager Operations, responsible for the overall strategic planning and direction ofMyer's store operations from conceptualisation to delivery of operational strategies. His previous positions included Director of Store Operations and Director of Retail Stores. Nick began his retail career on the shopfloor and worked his way through one of Australia's largest and most respected organisations to the senior echelons of management, leveraging his detailed, hands-on understanding of all facets of retail operations. Mr Wavish is a retail industry veteran whose prior positions include Executive Chairman of Myer, Finance Director of Woolworths and Supermarkets Director of Woolworths. Mr Wavish currently serves as Chairman of Bendon Ltd and Chairman of the Vodafone Warriors.Nick and Bill have previously worked together at Myer, effecting significant performance improvements under private equity ownership before Myer's IPO in 2009. Commenting on his appointment, Nick said “I am delighted to be joining this iconic Australian retailer. Dick Smith is a well regarded brand supported by an experienced team and an excellent national footprint. Anchorage and I see great potential in the Dick Smith business and I look forward to working with the team to fully realise these opportunities.”More details Michael Briggs, PartnerEmail: anchorage@anchoragecapital.com.au Anchorage Capital PartnersAnchorage was formed in 2007 and currently has A$200 million committed capital. Anchorage targets investments in businesses with a strong brand and leading market position, which are materially underperforming. Anchorage drives the turnaround program directly through active involvement in the business, leveraging its significant experience in operational management, business leadership, corporate finance and, strategy.Dick Smith Electronics Pty LtdDick Smith is an iconic Australian consumer electronics retailer that was founded in 1968 by entrepreneur Dick Smith and became part of the Woolworths group in 1980. Today Dick Smith employs more than 4,500 people across 325 stores in Australia and New Zealand and in fiscal year 2012 reported sales of $1.6 billion.







“Anchorage is impressed with the underlying quality of the business and sees Dick Smith as an ideal fit for our investment mandate of acquiring established businesses with strong brands that can benefit from Anchorage's proprietary approach to operational performance improvement.” 
Phillip Cave, 
Chairman







Anchorage Capital Partners Fund I Completes its Investment in First Engineering


June  8, 2012
Justin ONeill




On 8 June 2012 Anchorage Capital Partners, an independent Australian private equity manager, announced the signing and completion of its investment in First Engineering Limited.  Established in 1979, First Engineering is headquartered in Singapore, and is one of the leading precision plastic injection moulding (PIM) manufacturers serving multi-national corporations in Asia.In August 2007, First Engineering was privatised, following privatization the performance of the business materially declined due to several factors, including high leverage under the acquisition structure, combined with soft global demand flowing from the global financial crisis.First Engineering subsequently defaulted on its senior debt facilities due to breach of covenants, and was taken over by the Senior Lenders through a credit bid in September 2009, ensuring the survival of the business.  Anchorage identified the business through its Asian network, and agreed indicative terms in late 2011, including a period of exclusive due diligence, ultimately leading to completion in June 2012. First Engineering has six production facilities in Malaysia, China (Shanghai, Suzhou, Guangzhou), Singapore and India, with more than 2,500 employees.  The business designs, engineers and produces components for business machines, hard disk drives, automobiles and medical devicesDaniel Wong, Partner of Anchorage and new Chairman of First Engineering, said: "Despite the stress placed on the business over an extended period of time the underlying quality of the business remains.  We have identified a large number of turnaround initiatives that will markedly improve earnings.  The turnaround program has already commenced, with Anchorage well entrenched in the business.”  Anchorage will focus on improving the core operations of the business and continue diversification into the healthcare and automotive sectors.  Following completion of the sale process the business has a substantially improved balance sheet.Chief Executive Officer, Brian Smith who was appointed in June 2011, and will continue with the business, said: “First Engineering now possesses one of the most experienced management teams of any PIM manufacturer within the Asian plastics industry. The combination of First Engineering's management team and Anchorage's turnaround focus will create a strong strategic combination and elevate First Engineering to the top of its competitive set.”  Brian has already made significant progress in stabilising the business, and will drive the turnaround program in partnership with Anchorage.During the due diligence phase Anchorage sought the appointment of Neo Age Seng as Chief Operating Officer.  Neo was appointed in May 2012 and has extensive experience in PIM operations.  Neo is extremely well known to Anchorage having previously partnered with Anchorage in its investment in Omni Plastics. Daniel Wong will join the board as Chairman, along with his Anchorage colleague Phil Cave.More details -Daniel Wong, PartnerEmail: anchorage@anchoragecapital.com.auAnchorage Capital PartnersAnchorage was formed in 2007 and currently has A$200 million committed capital. Anchorage targets investments in businesses with a strong brand and leading market position, which are materially underperforming. Anchorage drives the turnaround program directly through active involvement in the business, leveraging its significant experience in operational management, business leadership, corporate finance and, strategy.First Engineering Pty LimitedFirst Engineering has six production facilities in Malaysia, China (Shanghai, Suzhou, Guangzhou), Singapore and India, with more than 2,500 employees.  The business designs, engineers and produces components for business machines, hard disk drives, automobiles and medical devices.















Blackstone to Acquire New Zealand's Antares Restaurant Group


October 17, 2011
Justin ONeill




The Blackstone Group (NYSE: BX) announced today that its Private equity funds have agreed to acquire Antares Restaurant Group in New Zealand from Anchorage Capital Partners. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed. Headquartered in Auckland, Antares has the exclusive franchise development rights for the Burger King brand in New Zealand ad operates 75 Burger King(r) restaurants throughout the country. Under the leadership of the current management team, the business is in the early stages of an ambitious refurbishment program while also opening new restaurants to broaden the footprint a an increasing number of local communities across New Zealand. Jan Nielsen, a Managing Director in Blackstones private equity group, said: "We are extremely excited about the potential we see in Antares and the superb quality of the management team who will be our pumas to fuller develop and grove this business. Burger Ring' is a leading consumer business with an iconic brand and Moue growth prospects in the Asia-Pacific ream, and we are excited about partnering with Burger King Corporation to expand their presence in the region."Mark Bayliss, a Partner with Anchorage Capital Partners, said, "Anchorage has enjoyed working closely with the Antares management team over the past 2 years to transform the operational and financial performance of the business and build a sustainable growth platform going forward, and we are pleased with the excellent result the sale will deliver to our investors." John Elliott, Chief Executive Officer of Antares, added: "I am delighted that Blackstone will be the new investor and owner of Antares. With their long term focus and drive to add value through deployment of capital and operational improvements, we believe that they are the perfect partner to work with to take Antares to the next level." Blackstone is one of the largest private equity investors in the world with US$38 billion in capital committed or invested in I60 separate private equity transactions. Blackstone currently has US$17 billion of available equity capital to invest in further private equity transactions.Anchorage Capital Partners is an Australasian private equity fund focused on special situation opportunities and operational turnaround investments. Goldman Sachs acted as financial advisor for Blackstone with Rippledot Capital Advisers acting for Anchorage. Deloitte furthermore assisted Blackstone with financial and tax due diligence. Bell Gully and Simpson Thacher & Bartlett acted as legal advisors to Blackstone with Minter Ellison Rudd Watts acting for Anchorage. Debt financing and ongoing credit facilities to Antares are being provided by ANZ, Rabobank and Westpac. About Blackstone Blackstone (NYSE:BX) is one of the world's leading investment and advisory firms. Blackstone seeks to create positive economic impact and long-term value for its investors, the companies they invest in, the companies they advise and the broader global economy. Blackstone does this through the commitment of their extraordinary people and flexible capital. Their alternative asset management businesses include the management of private equity funds, real estate funds, hedge fund solutions, credit-oriented funds and closed-end mutual funds. Blackstone also provides various financial advisory services, including financial and strategic advisory, restructuring and reorganization advisory and fund placement services. Further information is available at www.blackstone.com. Follow us on Twitter @Blackstone. About AnchorageAnchorage Capital Partners has an established track record of investing in quality businesses that are underperforming and delivering executable turnaround programmes through hands on involvement to drive performance and superior returns to investors. Further information is available at www anchoragecapital.com.au. 







Anchorage Capital Partners Fund I completes its investment in Total Eden  


February 28, 2011
Justin ONeill





Anchorage Capital Partners, an independent Australian private equity  manager, today announced the completion of its investment in Total  Eden, the Water Products and Services division of Alesco Corporation  Limited. Alesco identified Total Eden as being “non-core”, and sought  to divest the division so as to focus on its remaining businesses. Total Eden was formed in December 2006 through the amalgamation of Total Eden Watering in Western Australia and McCracken's Water  Services based on the east coast, and was acquired by Alesco in 2007. The business provides water management products and services across  Commercial, Industrial and Retail markets across Australia. The branch  network comprises 38 retail sites and 10 commercial and industrial sites  in Queensland, NSW, Victoria and WA.  Since 2007, the business has underperformed due to a range of operational and structural issues. A number of opportunities have been  identified that will enhance the performance of the business through  improving operating capabilities, strategic focus and creating an  organizational structure to support growth and target market  opportunities. Daniel Wong, Partner of Anchorage, said: "Total Eden is another orphan  investment, with significant scope for performance improvement. As a  part of our due diligence we identified a large number of material  opportunities that will allow for sustainable improvement in earnings as  well as the overall quality of the business.” Existing new management, including Chief Executive Officer, Wayne  Powell will continue with the business to drive the turnaround program.  Daniel Wong who oversaw the transaction will join the board as  Chairman, along with his Anchorage colleague Phil Cave.
More details -Daniel WongPartnerEmail: anchorage@anchoragecapital.com.auAnchorage Capital PartnersAnchorage was formed in 2007 and currently has A$200 million  committed capital. Anchorage targets investments in businesses with a  strong brand and leading market position, which are materially  underperforming. Anchorage drives the turnaround program directly  through active involvement in the business, leveraging its significant  experience in operational management, business leadership, corporate  finance and, strategy. Total Eden Pty LimitedTotal Eden is one of Australia's largest suppliers of quality water  products and services supplying a broad range of customers, including  agricultural, domestic, commercial, industrial and mining customers. It  has 42 locations Australia wide and operates through its retail, industrial  and commercial businesses. 















Anchorage Capital Partners Fund I Completes its investment in Boral Scaffolding &  Formwork


October  1, 2010
Justin ONeill




Anchorage Capital Partners an independent Australian private equity manager, today announced the completion of the acquisition of Boral Formwork & Scaffolding (BFS) from Boral Limited. The business was acquired following the completion of a strategic review by Boral which identified the business as noncore. Acrow operates a national network of scaffolding and formwork solutions branches, including the industry standard Acrow brand in formwork and Cuplock in scaffolding, consisting of 11 scaffolding branches, four formwork branches, and three dual formwork and scaffolding hybrid branches across Australia. The company presently holds the number three position in the overall Australian scaffolding market.The business has been rebranded and will be known as Acrow Formwork and Scaffolding Pty Limited (Acrow). The name Acrow has been active in the Australian construction industry since 1950 and its heritage dates back to 1936, when the company was first launched in the United Kingdom. The decision to rebrand back to the grass roots of the business reflects our determination to be leaders in delivering impeccable service and providing access and safety solutions that are synonymous with the `Acrow' brand. Michael Briggs, Partner of Anchorage, said: "Acrow is a classic orphan investment for Anchorage, where the business was non-core to the parent and subsequently did not perform to its full potential. Acrow is a strong brand in the construction segment, with a good market position. Anchorage have identified a number of turnaround initiatives to leverage this brand and market position, as well as extract the benefits of an increased strategic focus following the decoupling from Boral.Anchorage has put in place a new management team to be led by experienced executive, Andrew Luxton who will join the business as Managing Director. Andrew was CEO and Managing Director of Cromford Group Pty Limited prior to his appointment at Acrow. Bruce Short will also join as Chief Financial Officer, his career history includes leadership and senior finance roles with Cromford Group, James Hardie, Boral and CSR. These appointments, combined with the continuation of key existing management, provide a strong foundation to allow the business to fulfil its potential. Michael Briggs who oversaw the transaction will join the board as Chairman, along with his Anchorage colleagues Phil Cave and Simon Woodhouse.More details -Michael BriggsPartnerEmail: anchorage@anchoragecapital.com.auAnchorage Capital PartnersAnchorage was formed in 2007 and currently has A$200 million committed capital. Anchorage targets investments in businesses with a strong brand and leading market position, which are materially underperforming. Anchorage drives the turnaround program directly through active involvement in the business, leveraging its significant experience in operational management, business leadership, corporate finance and, strategy.Acrow Formwork & Scaffolding Pty LimitedAcrow operates a national network of scaffolding and formwork solutions, including the industry standard Acrow brand in formwork and Cuplock in scaffolding. Consisting of eleven scaffolding branches, four formwork branches, and three dual formwork-scaffold hybrid branches, the company presently holds the number three position in the overall Australian scaffolding market.















Anchorage Capital Partners Closes A$200 Million Fund


March 31, 2010
Justin ONeill




Oversubscribed Debut Fund Capped at A$200 Million Anchorage Capital Partners (“Anchorage”), the Sydney based private equity firm which focuses on Australian mid market special situation and turnaround buyouts, today announced the A$200 million final closing of Anchorage Capital Partners I, (the “Fund”). The strong support from new investors meant that the fund was oversubscribed and capped at A$200 million.Anchorage secured capital commitments from best-in-class global institutional investors, asset managers, public pension plans and funds of funds from Australia and the United States. The Fund will seek special situations where it can make controlling investments in underperforming Australasian businesses, with enterprise values between A$50m and A$250m.“We are delighted by the level of interest received throughout this fundraise in what was a difficult economic period”, said Phillip Cave, Founder and Chairman of Anchorage.MVision Private Equity Advisers acted as global placing agent. Minter Ellison acted as legal adviser to Anchorage. BackgroundAnchorage Capital Partners (“Anchorage”) was formed in 2007 and specializes in special situations and performance improvement opportunities, with a focus on Australian and Asian markets.The Anchorage team have built their private equity experience over many years, commencing with a hands on involvement in business turnarounds at the chief executive and executive level, then progressing to driving investee performance improvement from an active board level involvement.Prior to completing its first close in July 2008, the Fund successfully invested in Golden Circle, the iconic Australian manufacturer of canned fruit and vegetables, chilled fresh and long life juices. In December 2008 Anchorage sold its investment in to H.J. Heinz achieving a gross IRR of 129% and a 2.5x multiple on the transaction.The Funds’ current investments include Antares Restaurant Group Pty Limited, the company holding the master franchise rights to operate the Burger King system in New Zealand. The Burger King network in New Zealand currently includes 72 restaurants across the North and South Islands. The Fund also holds a strategic investment in Bisalloy Steel Limited (“Bisalloy”), listed on the ASX, Bisalloy is the only manufacturer of quench and tempered steel in Australia.More details –Phillip CavePartnerMark BaylissPartnerEmail: anchorage@anchoragecapital.com.au







Anchorage Capital Partners Fund I Completes Its Investment in leading New Zealand Quick Service Restaurant Brand: Burger King


September 17, 2009
Justin ONeill




Anchorage Capital Partners an independent Australian private equity manager, today announced the completion of its acquisition of the New Zealand quick service restaurant chain, Burger King (trading as TPF Restaurants Limited), from the owners and founders Dennis Jones and Mark Backhaus. The business has been acquired in partnership with a management team, comprising existing senior management and new management, with significant quick service restaurant experience.Burger King New Zealand currently operates 71 restaurants throughout the North and South Islands of New Zealand, with revenues in excess of NZ$150 million. Though the business is performing relatively soundly, Anchorage together with management identified numerous opportunities to significantly improve the base operations, implementing industry best practice and investing in the business to maximize the earnings potential of the brand in New Zealand.Mark Bayliss, Partner of Anchorage, said: “Burger King is an outstanding brand, with a strong market position in New Zealand, but there is significant scope to enhance operational performance. In addition there is a further opportunity to invest in the restaurant network to compliment the turnaround opportunity to satisfy latent demand.Anchorage has an established track record of investing in quality businesses that are underperforming, and delivering an executable turnaround program to drive performance above the current status quo through an identifiable and achievable plan. The acquisition of Burger King New Zealand is a classic turnaround, with significant upside available from doing the basics well.”Anchorage has put in place a new management team to be led by experienced quick service restaurant executive, John Elliott who will join the group to oversee operations, combined with key existing management, including General Manager Business Services Michelle Alexander, who assumes the role of Commercial Director. John Elliott said “This is an exciting opportunity to develop and invest in the Burger King brand in New Zealand.”Anchorage typically targets investments in businesses with a strong brand and leading market position, which are materially underperforming. Anchorage drives the turnaround program directly through active involvement in the business, leveraging its significant experience in operational management, business leadership, corporate finance and strategy.The holding company has been renamed Antares Restaurant Group Limited.More details –Mark BaylissPartnerEmail: anchorage@anchoragecapital.com.auAnchorage Capital PartnersAnchorage was formed in 2007 and currently has A$100 million committed capital, and is targeting a final close in coming months for a total commitment of up to A$200 million.Burger King New ZealandBurger King New Zealand trading as TPF Restaurants Limited opened its first restaurant in New Zealand in 1994, and currently comprises a network of 71 restaurants, including two independently owned restaurants. BK holds the number two position in the quick service restaurant segment in New Zealand, and is the second largest burger chain in the country















Proposal for Heinz to acquire Golden Circle Limited


October  6, 2008
Justin ONeill




Golden Circle Limited (Golden Circle) and H.J. Heinz Company Australia Limited (Heinz) have today announced they have entered into an Implementation Agreement whereby it is proposed that Heinz will acquire all of the Golden Circle shares on issue for A$1.65 cash per share (the Heinz Proposal), valuing Golden Circle at approximately $288 million. The acquisition is to be implemented by way of a Scheme of Arrangement (the Scheme) under which Golden Circle Shareholders will be asked to vote on the Heinz Proposal at a Scheme Meeting, expected to be held in early to mid December 2008 (Scheme Meeting). Further details of the Scheme will be provided to Golden Circle Shareholders in the coming weeks through an Explanatory Booklet, which will include an Independent Expert's Report.
  Scheme Highlights 


Heinz proposes to acquire the entire issued capital of Golden Circle for $1.65 per share in cash 
The Directors of Golden Circle strongly encourage Shareholders to vote in favour of the Scheme - either in person at the Scheme Meeting or by proxy (in the absence of a Superior Proposal and subject to the Independent Expert concluding that the Scheme is in the best interest of Golden Circle Shareholders). For Shareholder approval to be obtained, more than 50% in number of Golden Circle Shareholders voting at the Scheme Meeting (whether in person or by proxy) (Headcount Test), and at least 75% of the total number of votes cast at the Scheme Meeting (whether in person or by proxy) must approve the Scheme 
If successful, it is expected that the Scheme will be implemented, including the payment of $1.65 per share to Golden Circle Shareholders, by late December 2008 Heinz has indicated its desire to maintain contracts between Golden Circle and its growers, who would benefit from potential increases in demand volume over time as Heinz grows the business 
An Independent Expert, Ernst & Young Transaction Advisory Services Limited, has been appointed by the Board of Golden Circle to consider the Heinz Proposal and provide an opinion on whether the Heinz Proposal is in the best interest of Golden Circle Shareholders, in the absence of a Superior Proposal 
The Board of Golden Circle has unanimously recommended the Heinz Proposal, and intends to vote in favour of the Heinz Proposal with respect to all Golden Circle shares held by them or in which they otherwise have a relevant interest. This unanimous recommendation is subject to no Superior Proposal emerging and the Independent Expert concluding that the Scheme is in the best interest of Golden Circle Shareholders 
Golden Circle's major Shareholder, Anchorage, intends to vote their shares in favour of the Scheme, in the absence of a Superior Proposal 
$1.65 per share represents a significant premium of 313% to the closing price of Golden Circle on 3 October 2008 of $0.40, being the last trading day prior to the announcement of the Heinz Proposal 
Every Golden Circle Shareholder will be asked to vote on the Heinz Proposal at a Scheme Meeting expected to be held in early to mid December 2008, either in person or by completing the relevant proxy form  Important information on the Heinz Proposal will be contained within the Explanatory Booklet which is expected to be circulated to Golden Circle Shareholders in late October or early November 2008 
Implementation of the Scheme is subject to a number of conditions (summarised in the attachment to this announcement) including the approval of the Supreme Court of Queensland 
Golden Circle Chairman, Mr. Phillip Cave said: "The Board of Golden Circle believes that the Heinz Proposal represents a compelling value proposition and is in the best interests of Golden Circle Shareholders. In the absence of a Superior Proposal, the Board of Golden Circle unanimously recommends that Golden Circle Shareholders vote in favour of the Heinz Proposal at the Scheme Meeting." "The continuation of contracts between growers and Golden Circle was an issue of high importance during our deliberations regarding the Heinz Proposal. Heinz has indicated its desire to maintain grower contracts," he said. "The Board also considers the certainty of timing and payment of the Heinz Proposal as attractive for all Golden Circle Shareholders, particularly during a period of difficult economic conditions". Golden Circle's largest Shareholder, Anchorage, which has a 35% shareholding commented, "The Heinz Proposal is very attractive and we intend to vote in favour of the Heinz Proposal in the absence of a Superior Proposal." Golden Circle Chief Executive Officer Craig Mills said: "Heinz is a leading global player in the food industry. It is considered an innovator with considerable marketing know-how" "The acquisition provides the opportunity for a complementary product range offering a wide variety of everyday consumer food and beverages under iconic brands." Heinz Managing Director, Mr. Peter Widdows said: "Like Heinz, Golden Circle holds a longstanding Australian heritage of providing high quality, affordable food and beverages to Australian families. We look forward to continuing this heritage and growing the Golden Circle business." "We are acutely aware of Golden Circle's origins and the importance of Golden Circle to the farming community. Our desire is to maintain contracts between growers and Golden Circle, which would benefit from potential increases in volume over time as the combined sales and marketing strength of a combined Golden Circle and Heinz is realised." "Golden Circle's workforce also forms an integral part of Golden Circle's success and will benefit from opportunities that will become available as part of the Heinz group," he said. 
  Benefits to Golden Circle Shareholders 


All cash offer of $1.65 per share 
A premium of 313% to Golden Circle's share price on 3 October 2008, being the trading date immediately prior to this announcement 
Heinz has indicated its desire to strengthen the relationship with Golden Circle's growers 
Indicative timetable The indicative timetable for events set out in this letter is as follows. It should be noted that the timing is for guidance only and may be influenced by a number of factors. Golden Circle will publicly announce any material changes to this timetable. 
6 October 2008 Implementation Agreement signed 
Late October early November 2008 Explanatory Booklet and Notice of Scheme Meeting sent to Shareholders 
13 November 2008 Shareholder Information Meeting 
Early to mid December 2008 Scheme Meeting for Shareholders, followed by Supreme Court of Queensland court hearing 
Late December 2008 If approved, payment of $1.65 cash per share 
Implementation Agreement Golden Circle and Heinz have entered into an Implementation Agreement under which Heinz will acquire all of the Golden Circle shares on issue by way of Scheme of Arrangement between Golden Circle and its Shareholders. The Heinz Proposal is subject to Shareholder approval, regulatory approvals (including approval by the Foreign Investment Review Board), approval of the Supreme Court of Queensland and other conditions as set out in the Implementation Agreement. The key terms and conditions of the Scheme are summarised in an Attachment to this announcement. Shareholder Information Meeting A Shareholder information meeting in relation to the Heinz Proposal will be held on 13 November 2008 at The Events Centre, Caloundra commencing at 2pm and the Golden Circle Board encourages all Shareholders to attend this meeting. At this meeting, Golden Circle Shareholders will have an opportunity to further understand (including asking any questions relating to) the Heinz Proposal and to meet the Managing Director of Heinz, Mr Peter Widdows. Advisors Golden Circle is being advised by ABN AMRO Investment Bank. Heinz is being advised by UBS Investment Bank. For further information contact: Golden Circle:Bruce Ruddy Rowland +61 7 3229 4499 (Golden Circle communications advisor) Heinz: Peter Brookes Citadel+61 407 911 389 (Heinz communications advisor) SUMMARY OF IMPLEMENTATION AGREEMENT 
Summary 
Golden Circle Limited (Golden Circle) and H.J. Heinz Company Australia Limited (Heinz) have entered into an Implementation Agreement (Implementation Agreement). 
The Implementation Agreement sets out the obligations of Golden Circle and Heinz in relation to a Scheme of Arrangement to be proposed to Golden Circle Shareholders. A copy of the Implementation Agreement will be set out in the Explanatory Booklet that is to be provided to Golden Circle Shareholders prior to the Scheme Meeting. A summary of some of the key terms of the Implementation Agreement are set out below. 

Conditions 

Implementation of the Scheme is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of a number of conditions precedent including the following:  


all regulatory approvals required to implement the Scheme are obtained including Foreign Investment Review Board approval; 
no prohibitive orders or determinations prevent the implementation of the Scheme; 
Golden Circle Shareholders approve the Scheme at the Scheme Meeting. The resolution for the Scheme must be passed by a majority in number of Golden Circle Shareholders present and voting (in person or by proxy) and whose votes represent at least 75% of the total votes cast at the meeting; 
none of the Directors of Golden Circle change, qualify or withdraw their unanimous recommendation to Golden Circle Shareholders to vote in favour of the Scheme in the absence of a Superior Proposal and subject to the Independent Expert concluding that the Scheme is in the best interest of Golden Circle Shareholders; 
the Scheme is approved by the Supreme Court of Queensland; 
no change in the recommendation of the Golden Circle Board for Golden Circle Shareholders to accept the Heinz Proposal unless there is a Superior Proposal or if the Independent Expert concludes that the Scheme is not in their best interest; 
no occurrence of a Material Adverse Change between the date of signing the Implementation Agreement and 8.00am on the Second Court Date; 
no Golden Circle or Heinz Prescribed Occurrence occurs between the date of the Implementation Agreement and 8:00am on the Second Court Date; 
the warranties given by Golden Circle and Heinz to each other in the Implementation Agreement are (and remain) true and correct; and 
receipt of consent to the Scheme from GE Capital Asset Services and Trading Asia Pacific Pty Ltd being the financier to Golden Circle. 

Material Adverse Change 
A material adverse change means a matter, event or circumstance including a change in any applicable law that occurs, is announced or becomes known to the Golden Circle Board (whether or not it becomes 5 public) where that matter, event or circumstance: 
 

has, has had or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or when aggregated with all such matters, events or circumstances the effect of diminishing the net assets of the Golden Circle group as at 30 June 2008 as disclosed in the Golden Circle 2007/2008 Annual Report by an amount of $16.5 million or more; or 
will have or could reasonably be expected to have, individually or when aggregated with all such matters, events or circumstances the result that the EBITDA of the Golden Circle Group for the financial year ending 30 June 2009 is reduced by 20% or more of the budgeted EBITDA for that period.   
The occurrence of a Material Adverse Change does not include matters disclosed to Heinz as provided in the Implementation Agreement. 

Golden Circle Prescribed Occurrences 
Golden Circle Prescribed Occurrences include (among others and subject to various carve outs such as due to a requirement under the Scheme or pursuant to the Implementation Agreement) Golden Circle: 

increasing or decreasing its share capital in any way, including the issue of any dividends; 
acquiring or disposing of material assets; 
entering into contracts requiring material payments; 
materially altering terms of employment or paying termination or retention payments; 
making any changes to its Constitution; 
distributing profits by way of payment of a dividend or otherwise; and 
making any significant changes to accounting policies. 
Termination 
The Implementation Agreement may be terminated by either party at any time prior to 8.00am on the Second Court Date, by giving the other party written notice if: 

the other party is in material breach of its obligations under the Implementation Agreement and has not rectified that breach within five Business Days (or any shorter period ending at 5.00pm on the day before the Second Court Date) after it is given notice by the first party specifying that breach and requiring it to be rectified; 
at the Scheme Meeting, the Scheme is not approved by the necessary majorities of the Scheme Shareholders, except to the extent the Court is prepared to disregard the Headcount Test; 
a Superior Proposal is publicly announced and the Golden Circle Board publicly announces that the Superior Proposal is recommended by the Golden Circle Board; 
Heinz changes the structure of the Heinz Proposal from a scheme to a takeover, provided that the takeover bid is on terms at least as favourable as the Scheme; 
the Court has refused to make any order directing Golden Circle to convene the Scheme Meeting or approving the Scheme, provided that both parties have met and consulted in good faith and agreed that they 6 do not wish to proceed with the Scheme; 
the conditions (as summarised above) are not satisfied or waived (if capable of being waived) by the required date; or 
the date the scheme becomes effective does not occur on or before the End Date.  
Exclusivity 
Under the Implementation Agreement, Golden Circle and Heinz have agreed to the following exclusivity arrangements for the period commencing on the date of the Implementation Agreement and ending on the earliest of: 

the End Date; 
the effective date of the Scheme; and 
the date the Implementation Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, 

(Exclusivity Period)
No talk 
Subject to the exception noted below, during the Exclusivity Period, Golden Circle must ensure that neither it nor any of its Representatives (including Anchorage Golden Circle Pty Ltd and certain of its related bodies corporate), except with the prior written consent of Heinz, enters into or participates in any negotiations, discussions, agreement, arrangement or understanding with any other person in relation to, or which may reasonably be expected to lead to, a Competing Proposal or potential Competing Proposal. 
No Shop 
During the Exclusivity Period, Golden Circle must not, and must ensure that its Representatives (including Anchorage Golden Circle Pty Ltd and certain of its related bodies corporate) do not, except with the prior written consent of Heinz, solicit, encourage or invite, directly or indirectly, any enquiries, discussions or proposals in relation to, or which may reasonably be expected to lead to, a Competing Proposal. 
Exception to No Talk 
Golden Circle may undertake any action that would otherwise be prohibited by the No Talk limb of the above exclusivity arrangements if it is in response to unsolicited proposals that may lead to a bona fide competing proposal where the Golden Circle Board is acting reasonably, in good faith, in order to satisfy what the it considers to be its fiduciary and statutory duties and having received written legal advice that not responding to the proposal would be reasonably likely to constitute a breach of its fiduciary and statutory duties. 
Notification of approaches 
Golden Circle is obliged under the Implementation Agreement to promptly notify Heinz in writing of all material details of a Competing Proposal. 

Reimbursement fee 
In compensation for the costs incurred by Heinz in relation to the Proposal, Golden Circle agrees to pay to Heinz $2,100,000 (exclusive of GST) (Break Fee) if any of the following circumstances arise: 

Golden Circle is in material breach of this agreement or of a representation and warranty and, subject to a cure period, Heinz validly terminates the Implementation Agreement; 
at any time prior to the Second Court Date, any Director of Golden Circle changes or withdraws his support or positive recommendation of the Scheme or makes a public statement indicating that he no longer supports the Scheme (Change of Recommendation) and Heinz validly terminates the Implementation Agreement, other than where the Change of Recommendation is because: 
the required regulatory approvals are not obtained; 
a prescribed occurrence occurs in relation to Heinz; 
a warranty given by Heinz in the Implementation Agreement is not true and correct; 
the Independent Expert opines that the Scheme is not in the best interests of Golden Circle Shareholders; or 
Golden Circle is entitled to terminate the Implementation Agreement due to a material, un-rectified breach of the Implementation Agreement by Heinz; 
a Superior Proposal is publicly announced which the Golden Circle Board has recommended to Golden Circle Shareholders and which remains current at the time (if any) that Heinz subsequently validly terminates the Implementation Agreement; 
Anchorage Golden Circle Pty Ltd does not vote in favour of the Scheme in circumstances where Golden Circle has not publicly recommended a Superior Proposal, the Independent Expert has opined the Scheme is in the best interest of Golden Circle Shareholders and Golden Circle is not entitled to terminate the Implementation Agreement; during the term of the Implementation Agreement or for a six month period commencing on the earlier of termination of the Implementation Agreement and the End Date, a Competing Proposal is announced, the Competing Proposal is a Superior Proposal (to the Heinz Proposal) and the proponent of that Competing Proposal: 
acquires a relevant interest in at least 50% of Golden Circle Shares where the Superior Proposal is (or becomes) free from any defeating conditions; or 
acquires the whole or a substantial part of the Golden Circle Group's assets, business or property. 
The Break Fee is not payable merely because the resolution submitted to the Scheme Meeting in respect of the Scheme is not approved by the required majorities, provided that Anchorage Golden Circle Pty Ltd votes in favour of the Scheme. 

Key Definitions 
Competing Proposal 
A Competing Proposal is any proposal or possible transaction or arrangement (whether by way of takeover, share acquisition, Scheme of Arrangement, capital reconstruction, acquisition of main undertaking or otherwise) pursuant to which, if ultimately completed, a person whether alone or together with its associates (other than Heinz or a Related Body Corporate of Heinz) would: 

directly or indirectly, acquire an interest in, a relevant interest in or become the holder of: 
more than 20% of the shares in Golden Circle; or 
the whole or a substantial part or a material part of the business or property of Golden Circle or the Golden Circle Group; 
acquire control of Golden Circle, within the meaning of section 50AA of the Corporations Act; or 
otherwise acquire or merge with Golden Circle (including by a reverse takeover bid, reverse Scheme of Arrangement or dual listed company structure).  
End Date 
The End Date means 

11.59pm on 31 January 2009; or 
11.59pm on 27 February 2009 if prior to 7.00pm Brisbane time on 30 January 2009 Heinz gives written notice to Golden Circle extending the End Date to 11.59pm on 27 February 2009; or 
such other date and time agreed in writing between Heinz and Golden Circle.  
Superior Proposal 
A Superior Proposal is a bona fide Competing Proposal which: 

in the determination of the Golden Circle Board acting in good faith is reasonably capable of being financed and completed within a reasonable time, taking into account the nature of the Competing Proposal and the person or persons making it; and 
in the determination of the Golden Circle Board acting in good faith and in order to satisfy what the Golden Circle Board reasonably considers to be its fiduciary or statutory duties, would, if completed substantially in accordance with its terms, be likely to result in a transaction more favourable to the Golden Circle Shareholders than the Scheme or any Heinz counterproposal (as applicable).  




























Investor Login












The Anchorage Difference — Anchorage Capital Partners































Menu






Level 39, 259 George Street
Sydney NSW 2000
02 8259 7777




Your Custom Text Here








































The Anchorage DifferenceWe are hands-on, operational partners. We partner with management every step of the way.  Our legacy is in operations so we understand the challenges faced by management.  We empower management to make decisions and execute, whilst providing counsel and committing resources to accelerate the turnaround program. We see value where others don’t.  We actively seek out companies requiring significant operational change that are not performing at their full potential. We are considered one of the leading specialist firms in this space in the Asia Pacific region.  Where others see problems, we see opportunity. We get back to basics.  We focus on the critical drivers of value and prioritise initiatives that fix the fundamental building blocks at the core of the business.We are disciplined.  We work with managers to quickly develop the right strategic and operational plan and then guide implementation, bringing transparency and execution discipline. We turbo-charge change. Our change programs are rapid and highly targeted.  We make fast decisions in order to make sure capital and resources are made available in a timely manner. We are a transitionary owner.  We are transformation specialists and we focus on what we are good at.  Our job is to guide companies through a period of transformation that strengthens the core business, and then assist the transition to a natural longer term owner. We are down-to-earth.  We know we don’t know everything, and our job isn’t to be business managers.  














Investor Login












Investments - Dick Smith — Anchorage Capital Partners































Menu






Level 39, 259 George Street
Sydney NSW 2000
02 8259 7777




Your Custom Text Here













Dick Smith Holdings LimitedWebsite: www.dicksmith.com.auInvestment date: November 2012Exit date: Partial exit December 2013, retaining 20% which was subsequently sold down in September 2014Case StudyCompany DescriptionDick Smith is the largest consumer electronics chain in Australia and New Zealand by number of stores, with approximately 369 stores in December 2013.  Dick Smith sells a wide range of consumer electronics products, including computers, printers, tablets, mobile phone handsets and connection plans, televisions, DVD players, audio products, and numerous related accessories and services.  The business sells primarily through its physical store network, and also operates an award-winning website providing the full range of Dick Smith products and services.  Forecast revenues for the year ending 30 June 2014 were approximately $1.2B. Investment OverviewDick Smith had been owned by Woolworths since the early 1980’s, until early in 2012 when Woolworths announced the business was non-core and commenced a sale process.  Recognising a turnaround opportunity given Dick Smith’s orphan status with Woolworths, after a period of exclusivity Anchorage acquired the business for $20 million in November 2012 . Following the completion of the turnaround program and the transition to a growth agenda, Anchorage began to explore exit options.  The IPO was successfully completed in December 2013. 






















Investor Login












Investments - Shoes & Sox — Anchorage Capital Partners































Menu






Level 39, 259 George Street
Sydney NSW 2000
02 8259 7777




Your Custom Text Here













SHOES & SOXWebsite: www.shoesandsox.com.auInvestment date: March 2015Company DescriptionFounded in 1987, Shoes & Sox is Australia's leading independent children's footwear specialist. Focused on the premium childrens' and infants' shoe market, Shoes & Sox has a reputation for fitting expertise -"we fit feet right." Shoes & Sox currently employs around 200 staff across 24 stores, which are located in premium Australian metropolitan shopping centres.  Prior to Anchorage's acquisition of Shoes & Sox in March 2015, the company had been owned and operated by its founders. Investment OverviewThe acquisition of Shoes & Sox is highly complementary to Anchorage's existing portfolio company Brand Collective, acquired in December 2014. As Brand Collective's largest customer for Clarks shoes, the acquisition of Shoes & Sox enhances Brand Collective's pathway to the customer and improves Brand Collective's position in the footwear value chain. Along with the strategic value for Brand Collective, there is significant opportunity to grow the Shoes & Sox retail network in this specialty segment.  Simon Woodhouse is Chairman of Shoes & Sox, and is joined on the Board by Daniel Wong.  Todd Twining is assisting management with strategic and growth initiatives.  The founders remain in their current roles, leading the Shoes & Sox business.






















Investor Login







Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore, Ltd.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 2:35 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore, Ltd.



Snapshot People




Company Overview



610 Broadway6th FloorNew York, NY 10012United States



Phone: 212-432-4600

Fax: 212-432-4601








Key Executives for Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore, Ltd.


Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore, Ltd. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore, Ltd., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































 













 



































20150430: Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd.; New Koosharem Corporation | Federal Trade Commission




































Skip navigation






























Main Menu Search 




Search form

Search 













Main Menu

About the FTCWhat We DoEnforcement Authority

Our HistoryFTC Moments
FTC@100 Fireside Chat
Our Seal
Centennial Dinner & Symposium
Presidential Visit

CommissionersMaureen K. Ohlhausen
Terrell McSweeny

Bureaus & OfficesBureau of Competition
Bureau of Consumer Protection
Bureau of Economics
Office of Congressional Relations
Office of Equal Employment and Workplace Inclusion
Office of International Affairs
Office of the Executive Director
Office of the General Counsel
Office of Policy Planning
Regional Offices
Office of Administrative Law Judges
Office of Public Affairs
Office of the Secretary

BiographiesBureau and Office Directors
Inspector General
Former Commissioners
Former Bureau and Office Directors

BudgetsFinancial Documents
Other Financial Information

Performance
Office of Inspector GeneralFTC Imposter Scams
What You Need to Know About the Office of the Inspector General
The Inspector General
Reporting Fraud, Waste, Abuse or Mismanagement
Whistleblower Protection
OIG Audits and Evaluations
OIG Investigations
OIG Reading Room
Notice Concerning Nondisclosure Policies, Forms, or Agreements
Contact the OIG

FOIAFrequently Requested Records
About the Privacy Act
FOIA Reading Rooms
FOIA Request
Fee Regulations
Freedom of Information Act Contacts
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
Links
Table of Contents
Exemptions

Careers at the FTCWork at the FTC
Life at the FTC
Benefits at the FTC
Diversity at the FTC
Apply to the FTC
Testimonials


News & EventsPress Releases
Commission Actions
Media ResourcesConsumer Finance
Mergers and Competition
Mobile Technology
The Do Not Call Registry
Tools for Consumers
Truth In Advertising
Protecting Consumer Privacy
Identity Theft and Data Security
Military Consumer Protection

Events CalendarAll Events
Weekly Calendar
Weekly Calendar Archive

Speeches
Audio/VideoFeatured Videos
FTC Events
For Consumers
For Business
En Español

Social MediaFTC Twitter Chats
General Social Media Chats
Tweeting FTC Events

BlogsCompetition Matters
Tech@FTC
Comment Policy

ContestsIoT Home Inspector Challenge
Robocalls: Humanity Strikes Back
DetectaRobo
Zapping Rachel


EnforcementCases and ProceedingsCase Document Search
Refunds
Commission Decision Volumes
Letters and Statements
Petitions to Quash
Banned Mortgage Relief and Debt Relief Companies and People
Adjudicative Proceedings
Banned Debt Collectors

Premerger Notification ProgramStatute, Rules and Formal Interpretations
Form and Instructions
Informal Interpretations
Early Termination Notices
Current Thresholds
Filing Fee Information
Post-Consummation Filings (HSR Violations)
Medicare Act Filings
HSR Resources
Contact Information
First Time Filer?

Merger Review
Anticompetitive Practices
RuleseCFR
Rules and Guides
Retrospective Review of FTC Rules and Guides

Statutes
Consumer Sentinel NetworkMembers
Reports
Newsletters
Data Contributors

Criminal Liaison UnitResults
CLU Awards
Contact CLU


PolicyAdvocacyAmicus Briefs
Advocacy Filings
Other Applications, Petitions, and Requests
Merits Briefs
Economic Liberty

Advisory Opinions
Cooperation Agreements
Federal Register Notices
ReportsPolicy Reports
US Submissions to OECD and Other International Competition Fora
Litigation Status Report
Magnuson-Moss Warranty Public Audit Filings
Rotational Health Warnings
Webb-Pomerene Act Filings

StudiesRemedy Study

Testimony
Public CommentsAdvanced Comment Search

Policy Statements
InternationalInternational Competition
International Consumer Protection
International Technical Assistance Program
International Cooperation Agreements
Competition & Consumer Protection Authorities Worldwide
International Fellows Program
FTC International Monthly


Tips & AdviceFor Consumers
For Military Consumers
Business CenterAdvertising & Marketing
Credit & Finance
Guidance
Privacy & Security
Protecting Small Businesses
Selected Industries
Legal Resources
Business Blog

Competition GuidanceBC Production Guide


I Would Like To...Submit a Consumer Complaint to the FTC
Apply for a Refund in an FTC Case
Report Identity Theft
List a Number on the National Do Not Call Registry
Get a Free Copy of My Credit Report
File a CommentOpen for Comment

Report An Antitrust Violation
File Documents in Adjudicative Proceedings






 


20150430: Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd.; New Koosharem Corporation






      Date:
    

January 16, 2015 



      Transaction Number:
    

        20150430      



      Acquiring Party:
    

        Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd.      



      Acquired Party:
    

        New Koosharem Corporation      



      Granting Status:
    

        Granted      


    Acquired Entities  


      New Koosharem Corporation    








More Resources
HSR Annual Reports
HSR Resources
Early Termination Updates on Twitter
Premerger Notification Office Blog Posts
Premerger/HSR Press Releases












About the FTC

What We Do
Our History
Commissioners
Bureaus & Offices
Biographies
Budgets
Performance
Office of Inspector General
FOIA
Careers at the FTC



News & Events

Press Releases
Commission Actions
Media Resources
Events Calendar
Speeches
Audio/Video
Social Media
Blogs
Contests



Enforcement

Cases and Proceedings
Premerger Notification Program
Merger Review
Anticompetitive Practices
Rules
Statutes
Consumer Sentinel Network
Criminal Liaison Unit



Policy

Advocacy
Advisory Opinions
Cooperation Agreements
Federal Register Notices
Reports
Studies
Testimony
Public Comments
Policy Statements
International



Tips & Advice

For Consumers
For Military Consumers
Business Center
Competition Guidance



I Would Like To...

Submit a Consumer Complaint to the FTC
Apply for a Refund in an FTC Case
Report Identity Theft
List a Number on the National Do Not Call Registry
Get a Free Copy of My Credit Report
File a Comment
Report An Antitrust Violation
File Documents in Adjudicative Proceedings



Site Information

Privacy Policy
Website Policy
No FEAR Act
USA.gov
Accessibility
Digital Government Strategy
Open Government





Federal Trade CommissionHeadquarters:
	600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
	Washington, DC 20580Contact Us


Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Stay Connected



Stay Connected with the FTC















































Early Termination Notices | Federal Trade Commission




































Skip navigation






























Main Menu Search 




Search form

Search 













Main Menu

About the FTCWhat We DoEnforcement Authority

Our HistoryFTC Moments
FTC@100 Fireside Chat
Our Seal
Centennial Dinner & Symposium
Presidential Visit

CommissionersMaureen K. Ohlhausen
Terrell McSweeny

Bureaus & OfficesBureau of Competition
Bureau of Consumer Protection
Bureau of Economics
Office of Congressional Relations
Office of Equal Employment and Workplace Inclusion
Office of International Affairs
Office of the Executive Director
Office of the General Counsel
Office of Policy Planning
Regional Offices
Office of Administrative Law Judges
Office of Public Affairs
Office of the Secretary

BiographiesBureau and Office Directors
Inspector General
Former Commissioners
Former Bureau and Office Directors

BudgetsFinancial Documents
Other Financial Information

Performance
Office of Inspector GeneralFTC Imposter Scams
What You Need to Know About the Office of the Inspector General
The Inspector General
Reporting Fraud, Waste, Abuse or Mismanagement
Whistleblower Protection
OIG Audits and Evaluations
OIG Investigations
OIG Reading Room
Notice Concerning Nondisclosure Policies, Forms, or Agreements
Contact the OIG

FOIAFrequently Requested Records
About the Privacy Act
FOIA Reading Rooms
FOIA Request
Fee Regulations
Freedom of Information Act Contacts
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
Links
Table of Contents
Exemptions

Careers at the FTCWork at the FTC
Life at the FTC
Benefits at the FTC
Diversity at the FTC
Apply to the FTC
Testimonials


News & EventsPress Releases
Commission Actions
Media ResourcesConsumer Finance
Mergers and Competition
Mobile Technology
The Do Not Call Registry
Tools for Consumers
Truth In Advertising
Protecting Consumer Privacy
Identity Theft and Data Security
Military Consumer Protection

Events CalendarAll Events
Weekly Calendar
Weekly Calendar Archive

Speeches
Audio/VideoFeatured Videos
FTC Events
For Consumers
For Business
En Español

Social MediaFTC Twitter Chats
General Social Media Chats
Tweeting FTC Events

BlogsCompetition Matters
Tech@FTC
Comment Policy

ContestsIoT Home Inspector Challenge
Robocalls: Humanity Strikes Back
DetectaRobo
Zapping Rachel


EnforcementCases and ProceedingsCase Document Search
Refunds
Commission Decision Volumes
Letters and Statements
Petitions to Quash
Banned Mortgage Relief and Debt Relief Companies and People
Adjudicative Proceedings
Banned Debt Collectors

Premerger Notification ProgramStatute, Rules and Formal Interpretations
Form and Instructions
Informal Interpretations
Early Termination Notices
Current Thresholds
Filing Fee Information
Post-Consummation Filings (HSR Violations)
Medicare Act Filings
HSR Resources
Contact Information
First Time Filer?

Merger Review
Anticompetitive Practices
RuleseCFR
Rules and Guides
Retrospective Review of FTC Rules and Guides

Statutes
Consumer Sentinel NetworkMembers
Reports
Newsletters
Data Contributors

Criminal Liaison UnitResults
CLU Awards
Contact CLU


PolicyAdvocacyAmicus Briefs
Advocacy Filings
Other Applications, Petitions, and Requests
Merits Briefs
Economic Liberty

Advisory Opinions
Cooperation Agreements
Federal Register Notices
ReportsPolicy Reports
US Submissions to OECD and Other International Competition Fora
Litigation Status Report
Magnuson-Moss Warranty Public Audit Filings
Rotational Health Warnings
Webb-Pomerene Act Filings

StudiesRemedy Study

Testimony
Public CommentsAdvanced Comment Search

Policy Statements
InternationalInternational Competition
International Consumer Protection
International Technical Assistance Program
International Cooperation Agreements
Competition & Consumer Protection Authorities Worldwide
International Fellows Program
FTC International Monthly


Tips & AdviceFor Consumers
For Military Consumers
Business CenterAdvertising & Marketing
Credit & Finance
Guidance
Privacy & Security
Protecting Small Businesses
Selected Industries
Legal Resources
Business Blog

Competition GuidanceBC Production Guide


I Would Like To...Submit a Consumer Complaint to the FTC
Apply for a Refund in an FTC Case
Report Identity Theft
List a Number on the National Do Not Call Registry
Get a Free Copy of My Credit Report
File a CommentOpen for Comment

Report An Antitrust Violation
File Documents in Adjudicative Proceedings






 


Early Termination Notices


Learn more about Early Termination Notices.Displaying 1 - 20 of 23211    
Pages1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
…
next ›
last »



 20171596: Solar Capital Ltd.; NEF Holdings, LLC 
 Date:  July 24, 2017 
 Acquiring Party:     Solar Capital Ltd.  
 Acquired Party:     NEF Holdings, LLC  
 Acquired Entities NEF Holdings, LLC
Nations Fund I, LLC
  

 20171404: CoreLogic, Inc.; Serent Capital II, L.P. 
 Date:  July 24, 2017 
 Acquiring Party:     CoreLogic, Inc.  
 Acquired Party:     Serent Capital II, L.P.  
 Acquired Entities MN Sponsor, Inc.
MN Acquisition, LLC
  

 20171544: JANA Nirvana Offshore Fund, Ltd.; EQT Corporation 
 Date:  July 24, 2017 
 Acquiring Party:     JANA Nirvana Offshore Fund, Ltd.  
 Acquired Party:     EQT Corporation  
 Acquired Entities EQT Corporation
  

 20171545: JANA Partners Qualified, L.P.; EQT Corporation 
 Date:  July 24, 2017 
 Acquiring Party:     JANA Partners Qualified, L.P.  
 Acquired Party:     EQT Corporation  
 Acquired Entities EQT Corporation
  

 20171575: Snow Phipps III, L.P.; Industrial Growth Partners IV, L.P. 
 Date:  July 21, 2017 
 Acquiring Party:     Snow Phipps III, L.P.  
 Acquired Party:     Industrial Growth Partners IV, L.P.  
 Acquired Entities Ideal Tridon Holdings, Inc.
  

 20171576: DS Smith plc; Merpas Co. S.a.r.l. 
 Date:  July 21, 2017 
 Acquiring Party:     DS Smith plc  
 Acquired Party:     Merpas Co. S.a.r.l.  
 Acquired Entities Indevco Management Resources, Inc.
  

 20171583: Letterone Investment Holdings S.A.; Mill Luxembourg I S.a.r.l. 
 Date:  July 21, 2017 
 Acquiring Party:     Letterone Investment Holdings S.A.  
 Acquired Party:     Mill Luxembourg I S.a.r.l.  
 Acquired Entities CSM International, Inc.
  

 20171573: Kyocera Corporation; Wynnchurch Capital Partners II, L.P. 
 Date:  July 21, 2017 
 Acquiring Party:     Kyocera Corporation  
 Acquired Party:     Wynnchurch Capital Partners II, L.P.  
 Acquired Entities Senco Holdings, Inc.
  

 20171570: Logitech International S.A.; Mill Road Capital II, L.P. 
 Date:  July 21, 2017 
 Acquiring Party:     Logitech International S.A.  
 Acquired Party:     Mill Road Capital II, L.P.  
 Acquired Entities Skullcandy, Inc.
AG Acquisition Corporation
Skullcandy Canada ULC
Skullcandy Audio (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.
Skullcandy International GbmH
Skullcandy Mexico S DE RL DE CV
  

 20171589: 3i Group plc; Century Park Capital Partners II, L.P. 
 Date:  July 21, 2017 
 Acquiring Party:     3i Group plc  
 Acquired Party:     Century Park Capital Partners II, L.P.  
 Acquired Entities CPC/Cirtec Holdings, Inc.
  

 20171569: Trilantic Capital Partners V (N.A.) L.P.; BP Ortholite LLC 
 Date:  July 21, 2017 
 Acquiring Party:     Trilantic Capital Partners V (N.A.) L.P.  
 Acquired Party:     BP Ortholite LLC  
 Acquired Entities BP Ortholite LLC
  

 20170913: Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated; Concert Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Date:  July 21, 2017 
 Acquiring Party:     Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated  
 Acquired Party:     Concert Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  
 Acquired Entities Concert Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
  

 20171559: CP VI Raptor Holdings, L.P.; Snow Phipps II AIV, L.P. 
 Date:  July 21, 2017 
 Acquiring Party:     CP VI Raptor Holdings, L.P.  
 Acquired Party:     Snow Phipps II AIV, L.P.  
 Acquired Entities ZeroChaos Parent, LLC
  

 20171574: WPH Holdings II, LLC; Olympus Growth Fund V, L.P. 
 Date:  July 21, 2017 
 Acquiring Party:     WPH Holdings II, LLC  
 Acquired Party:     Olympus Growth Fund V, L.P.  
 Acquired Entities NPC International Holdings, Inc.
  

 20170539: Baxter International Inc.; Mr. Arjun Handa 
 Date:  July 20, 2017 
 Acquiring Party:     Baxter International Inc.  
 Acquired Party:     Mr. Arjun Handa  
 Acquired Entities Elda International DMCC
Claris Injectables Limited
Claris Pharmaservices
  

 20171561: TPG Growth III DE AIV II, L.P.; Old Ironside Energy Fund II-A, LP 
 Date:  July 20, 2017 
 Acquiring Party:     TPG Growth III DE AIV II, L.P.  
 Acquired Party:     Old Ironside Energy Fund II-A, LP  
 Acquired Entities Discovery DJ Services LLC
  

 20171562: Littlejohn Fund V, L.P.; H.I.G. BBC Holdings, LLC 
 Date:  July 20, 2017 
 Acquiring Party:     Littlejohn Fund V, L.P.  
 Acquired Party:     H.I.G. BBC Holdings, LLC  
 Acquired Entities New BBC Parent Corp.
  

 20171551: Teekay Corporation; Tanker Investments Ltd. 
 Date:  July 20, 2017 
 Acquiring Party:     Teekay Corporation  
 Acquired Party:     Tanker Investments Ltd.  
 Acquired Entities Tanker Investments Ltd.
  

 20171541: ScanSource, Inc.; Kent B. Stryker 
 Date:  July 20, 2017 
 Acquiring Party:     ScanSource, Inc.  
 Acquired Party:     Kent B. Stryker  
 Acquired Entities POS Portal, Inc.
  

 20171522: Third Point Partners Qualified L.P.; Nestle S.A. 
 Date:  July 19, 2017 
 Acquiring Party:     Third Point Partners Qualified L.P.  
 Acquired Party:     Nestle S.A.  
 Acquired Entities Nestle S.A.
  

Pages1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
…
next ›
last »







Premerger Notification Program

Statute, Rules and Formal Interpretations
Form and Instructions
Informal Interpretations
Early Termination NoticesAbout Early Termination Notices

Current Thresholds
Filing Fee Information
Post-Consummation Filings (HSR Violations)
Medicare Act Filings
HSR Resources
Contact Information
First Time Filer?




Filters




            Keyword          








            Date          



Date 

 E.g., July 26, 2017



 




Start date 

Enter Start Date 

 E.g., July 26, 2017




End date 

Enter End Date 

 E.g., July 26, 2017



 


 

 








More Resources
HSR Annual Reports
HSR Resources
Early Termination Updates on Twitter
Premerger Notification Office Blog Posts
Premerger/HSR Press Releases












About the FTC

What We Do
Our History
Commissioners
Bureaus & Offices
Biographies
Budgets
Performance
Office of Inspector General
FOIA
Careers at the FTC



News & Events

Press Releases
Commission Actions
Media Resources
Events Calendar
Speeches
Audio/Video
Social Media
Blogs
Contests



Enforcement

Cases and Proceedings
Premerger Notification Program
Merger Review
Anticompetitive Practices
Rules
Statutes
Consumer Sentinel Network
Criminal Liaison Unit



Policy

Advocacy
Advisory Opinions
Cooperation Agreements
Federal Register Notices
Reports
Studies
Testimony
Public Comments
Policy Statements
International



Tips & Advice

For Consumers
For Military Consumers
Business Center
Competition Guidance



I Would Like To...

Submit a Consumer Complaint to the FTC
Apply for a Refund in an FTC Case
Report Identity Theft
List a Number on the National Do Not Call Registry
Get a Free Copy of My Credit Report
File a Comment
Report An Antitrust Violation
File Documents in Adjudicative Proceedings



Site Information

Privacy Policy
Website Policy
No FEAR Act
USA.gov
Accessibility
Digital Government Strategy
Open Government





Federal Trade CommissionHeadquarters:
	600 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
	Washington, DC 20580Contact Us


Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Stay Connected



Stay Connected with the FTC
























Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd


















graypools
Sign in
Learn more







Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd
Hedge Fund






Institutional Investors

Hedge Funds

Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd





















Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd
is  a Cayman Islands Hedge Fund located in George Town, Grand Cayman,
E9.  
 

It was founded on Thursday, January 01, 2004.






Intertrust Corp. Services (Cayman) Ltd.
George Town, Grand Cayman,
E9, 
KY1-9005 
Cayman Islands
Phone: (245) 943-3100




Inception Date2004-01-01
Minimum Investment1.00M
CIK0001402918
JurisdictionCayman Islands
Updated2017-06-20 13:24:31.534359
NameAnchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd
Latest Filing2016-10-21
As of Date2016-10-21
Inception2004-01-01
Form D File Number021-104206
Private Fund ID805-6923176613
Legal Entity TypeOther











Statements



Commitments and Contributions


Private Investors












10-16
10-15
10-14




Commitments/Contributions
11.57B
10.06B
8.91B











10-16
10-15
10-14




Investors
630.00
543.00
489.00

































About /
Entities /
Legal
© 2017 Graypools LLC










ANCHORAGE CAPITAL PARTNERS OFFSHORE LTD Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      ANCHORAGE CAPITAL PARTNERS OFFSHORE LTD
                    

•   GEORGE TOWN, GRAND CAYMAN, E9
                          • Hedge Fund
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore LTD is based out of George Town, Grand Cayman.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2016-10-21. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  hedge fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 10



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from ANCHORAGE CAPITAL PARTNERS OFFSHORE LTD, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




anchorage capital partners offshore ltd


INTERTRUST CORP. SERVICES (CAYMAN) LTD

GEORGE TOWN, GRAND CAYMAN
E9
                                                        
                                                    KY1-9005


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      245-943-3100







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 10/21/2016
D/A filed on 10/22/2015
D/A filed on 10/22/2014
D/A filed on 10/22/2013
D/A filed on 08/13/2013
D/A filed on 08/13/2012
D/A filed on 08/12/2011
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2016-10-21
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
11,570,246,156
INDEFINITE


2015-10-22
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
10,062,760,282
INDEFINITE


2014-10-22
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
8,912,421,282
INDEFINITE


2013-10-22
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
7,626,280,820
INDEFINITE


2013-08-13
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
7,573,398,820
INDEFINITE


2012-08-13
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
7,009,833,636
INDEFINITE


2011-08-12
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
6,499,164,871
INDEFINITE


2010-08-10
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
3,105,793,937
INDEFINITE


2010-03-12
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
2,835,975,437
INDEFINITE


2009-03-13
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  HEDGE FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
1,405,520,000
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




ANNE-MARIE   KIM

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



ANTHONY   DAVIS

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



CHRISTOPHER   BOWRING

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



DANIEL   ALLEN

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



GREGORY   BENNETT

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      



KEVIN   ULRICH

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



N/A   ANCHORAGE ADVISORS GROUP, L.L.C.

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



N/A   ANCHORAGE ADVISORS, L.L.C.

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



N/A   ANCHORAGE CAPITAL GROUP, L.L.C.

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



NATALIE A.  BIRRELL

          subscription required
    


          EXECUTIVE OFFICER
      



PHILIP   CATER

          subscription required
    


          DIRECTOR
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free






















Offices & Partners



























Alta Partners, S.L.
Barcelona, Madrid, Spain

www.altapartners.es
 
Alta Partners is an international investment banking firm headquartered in Barcelona, Spain that focuses on the financial and business management needs of small- to mid-size companies. 
 
Alta is uniquely positioned to implement major-transaction based initiatives on a multi-national scale by leveraging their expansive network of resources and relationships with Spain, Europe and South America. Alta's comprehensive services and successfully executed transactions include: capital formation, mergers & acquisitions, and strategic business planning.  Alta Partners also manages a technology venture capital fund called Invernova to invest in early stage companies with a technological base. In addition to Barcelona, Alta maintains offices in Madrid with strategic relationships with investment banking firms in the United Kingdom, France, Germany and Brazil.

Alta Partners and Wildwood Capital have entered into a partnership whereby our two firms will serve as each other's exclusive investment banking relationship in our respective countries. 
 
 


Anchorage Capital Partners Ltd.
London, United Kingdom
A Financial Services Authority (FSA) regulated company
 
www.anchorage-capital.com
Anchorage Capital Partners Ltd. is a London based first-class, full service Investment Banking and Asset Management firm that is founded on a highly disciplined investment process.  ACP is committed to long-term relationships in order to be able to respond effectively to clients needs. Furthermore, through the long and distinguished careers at major financial institutions by the key Investment Managers, ACP has established relationships with access to a number of product sources, from major investment banking firms to small, well respected corporate finance boutiques.

Anchorage Capital Partners also manages the Zenith Optimal Return Fund which is authorized by the Central Bank of Ireland as a pan-European UCITS and has a daily quotation on the Irish Stock Exchange.  Despite challenging market conditions, the Zenith Optimal Return Fund ranked Number 1 in the Lipper FSA Authorized Offshore Fund universe of International Managed Funds, as of the end of the first quarter of 2003 (celebrating its first anniversary).

Additionally, Anchorage Capital Partners has assembled an extraordinary  Advisory Board consisting of Members of Parliament as well as current & former heads of major Global Asset Management firms who assist ACP in advising, originating and expanding the firm to take advantage of the next wave of economic growth.







To Wildwood Capital, investment banking means doing the things necessary to make your business successful. And being successful demands that lots of things be done correctly, from product development to sales.

The following are companies that we can recommend without reservation. They understand the process of building a business and can help you build yours




www.eisnerlubin.com
Eisner & Lubin knows its way around the fast-changing world of startups and high-growth businesses. Founded in 1923, the business has prospered due to the knowledge, skill, integrity and creative ability of its partners.















www.newmediadesign.com


From communication strategy to design through execution across all communication channels, New Media knows how to help you sell. (Guess who designed our web-site.)
























































Home • About Us • Management • Services • Advisory Board • Partners • Contact Us 

©2013 New Media Design, Inc.




















































Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore, Ltd.: CEO and Executives - Bloomberg








































  





















































































July 26, 2017 2:35 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore, Ltd.



SnapshotPeople 




OverviewBoard MembersCommittees



Key Executives for Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore, Ltd.
NameBoard RelationshipsTitleAgeThere is no Key Executives data available.
Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore, Ltd. Board Members*
NameBoard RelationshipsPrimary CompanyAgeThere is no Board Members data available.
Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore, Ltd. Executive Committees*
Committee NameChairpersonBoard RelationshipsMembersThere is no committee data available.
*Data is at least as current as the most recent Definitive Proxy.
Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



CEO COMPENSATION IN THIS INDUSTRY  Industry Range










INDUSTRY EXECUTIVE CHANGESThere is no Executive Change data available.Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore, Ltd., please visit .  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














anchorage capital partners offshore ltd - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Searches related toanchorage capital partners offshore ltd



anchorage capital partners lp


french capital partners ltd



offshore ltd company




Web Results

Anchorage Capital Partners

www.anchoragecapital.com.au


Anchorage Capital Partners is a specialised private equity firm that focuses on operational turnarounds and special situations investments.



Investment Profiles



Burger King



News



The Anchorage Difference



Dick Smith



Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore, Ltd.: Private Company ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...


Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore, Ltd. company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


News — Anchorage Capital Partners

www.anchoragecapital.com.au/news


“Today’s announcement is exciting news for the Solgen team, ... Anchorage Capital Partners (“Anchorage”), ... Offshore Limited Partners, ...


Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd. Form D filed ...

form-d.findthecompany.com/.../Anchorage-Capital-Partners-Offshore-Ltd


Research private fundraising by Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd.. Find the details of their August 13, 2012 Form D filing and compare it to their past filings.


ANCHORAGE CAPITAL PARTNERS OFFSHORE LTD Top Holdings

https://whalewisdom.com/filer/anchorage-capital-partners-offshore-ltd


Detailed Profile of ANCHORAGE CAPITAL PARTNERS OFFSHORE LTD portfolio of holdings. SEC Filings include 13F quarterly reports, 13D/G events and more.


Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd - graypools

https://www.graypools.com/.../anchorage-capital-partners-offshore-ltd


View current and historical demographic and financial information for Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd and other Hedge Funds.


20150430: Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd.; New ...

https://www.ftc.gov/enforcement/premerger-notification-program/...


20150430: Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd.; ... Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd. Acquired Party:


Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd - Who is raising ...

https://www.whoisraisingmoney.com/anchorage-capital-partners...


Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd Funding details. Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd raised $11,570,246,156 from 630 investors on 2016-10-21.


SEC FORM D/A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1402918/000140291813000001/...


Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd: Street Address 1 Street ... if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes ...


Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd - List of CEOs ...

https://www.directorpedia.net/c/anchorage-capital-partners...


List of persons related to the company Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Anchorage ...



Searches related toanchorage capital partners offshore ltd



anchorage capital partners lp


french capital partners ltd



offshore ltd company




12345Next






Answers







Pirate Capital



The firm’s assets fell to $375 million as of September, 2007 from $1.8 billion a year earlier. Investment strategy Pirate Capital LLC is the general...

more






Glenview Capital Management



Capital Partners (Cayman), Ltd. Glenview Capital Opportunity Fund, L.P. and Glenview Offshore Opportunity Fund, Ltd. Healthcare Glenview holds investments

more






Avista Capital Partners



Avista Capital Partners is an American private equity firm focused on growth capital and leveraged buyout investments in middle-market companies in the...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network













anchorage capital partners offshore ltd - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Searches related toanchorage capital partners offshore ltd



anchorage capital partners lp


french capital partners ltd



offshore ltd company




Web Results

Anchorage Capital Partners

www.anchoragecapital.com.au


Anchorage Capital Partners is a specialised private equity firm that focuses on operational turnarounds and special situations investments.



Investment Profiles



Burger King



News



The Anchorage Difference



Dick Smith



Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore, Ltd.: Private Company ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...


Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore, Ltd. company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


News — Anchorage Capital Partners

www.anchoragecapital.com.au/news


“Today’s announcement is exciting news for the Solgen team, ... Anchorage Capital Partners (“Anchorage”), ... Offshore Limited Partners, ...


Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd. Form D filed ...

form-d.findthecompany.com/.../Anchorage-Capital-Partners-Offshore-Ltd


Research private fundraising by Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd.. Find the details of their August 13, 2012 Form D filing and compare it to their past filings.


ANCHORAGE CAPITAL PARTNERS OFFSHORE LTD Top Holdings

https://whalewisdom.com/filer/anchorage-capital-partners-offshore-ltd


Detailed Profile of ANCHORAGE CAPITAL PARTNERS OFFSHORE LTD portfolio of holdings. SEC Filings include 13F quarterly reports, 13D/G events and more.


Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd - graypools

https://www.graypools.com/.../anchorage-capital-partners-offshore-ltd


View current and historical demographic and financial information for Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd and other Hedge Funds.


20150430: Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd.; New ...

https://www.ftc.gov/enforcement/premerger-notification-program/...


20150430: Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd.; ... Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd. Acquired Party:


Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd - Who is raising ...

https://www.whoisraisingmoney.com/anchorage-capital-partners...


Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd Funding details. Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd raised $11,570,246,156 from 630 investors on 2016-10-21.


SEC FORM D/A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1402918/000140291813000001/...


Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd: Street Address 1 Street ... if the securities that are the subject of this Form D are "covered securities" for purposes ...


Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd - List of CEOs ...

https://www.directorpedia.net/c/anchorage-capital-partners...


List of persons related to the company Anchorage Capital Partners Offshore Ltd. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Anchorage ...



Searches related toanchorage capital partners offshore ltd



anchorage capital partners lp


french capital partners ltd



offshore ltd company




12345Next






Answers







Pirate Capital



The firm’s assets fell to $375 million as of September, 2007 from $1.8 billion a year earlier. Investment strategy Pirate Capital LLC is the general...

more






Glenview Capital Management



Capital Partners (Cayman), Ltd. Glenview Capital Opportunity Fund, L.P. and Glenview Offshore Opportunity Fund, Ltd. Healthcare Glenview holds investments

more






Avista Capital Partners



Avista Capital Partners is an American private equity firm focused on growth capital and leveraged buyout investments in middle-market companies in the...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network










Offshore Injury Information | Arnold & Itkin LLP


































				No Recovery? No Fee.
			
888.346.5024
100% Free Case Evaluation














Injured Offshore? We Fight For Justice






Common Offshore Accidents





Wrongful Death





Maritime Injury Law





Free Case Evaluation






Offshore Injuries


	Accidents that occur offshore can have catastrophic consequences. In many
	 cases, due to the harsh nature of the offshore work environment, these
	 accidents are fatal. If you or your loved one was injured, contact the
	 leaders in maritime law at Arnold & Itkin. We help clients nationwide,
	 including
	Texas,
	Louisiana,
	Mississippi, and
	Alabama.

Billions of Dollars Won. An example of What Else Sets Us Apart:

Named in The Best Lawyers in America® for Admiralty and Maritime Law
Case results that have set both national and state records
Cases won in more than 40 different states from coast to coast

Selected for the
			Super Lawyers® and
			Super Lawyers® Rising Stars℠ list

Selected in the 2015 list of America’s Elite Trial Lawyers
Named to the 2017 Lawdragon 500 Leading Lawyers in America
Named Top 100 Trial Lawyers by The National Trial Lawyers


Work with lawyers you can trust. Call (888) 346-5024 now for a free consultation!







What You Need to Know After an Injury
If you or someone you love was injured or made ill while working offshore,
			 we encourage you to contact our firm as soon as possible to request your
			 free and confidential consultation. 
Offshore injuries are serious, and they are governed by a set of laws that
		 are different than common accidents on land. It costs absolutely nothing
		 to speak to one of our attorneys. Often, the choice of the right lawyer
		 is one of the most important decisions that you will ever make.
At Arnold & Itkin, if we don't win for you, you don't pay a dime.

Free Consultation
Meet Our Attorneys
Our Victories







Offshore Injuries
Information Center




Free Case Evaluation

Company Profiles

Companies Working Offshore

A.P. Moller - Maersk Group

AllSeas USA, Inc.

Anadarko Petroleum

ATP Oil & Gas Corporation

BP

Chevron

Cobalt International Energy L.P.

ConocoPhillips

Ensco

ExxonMobil

Global Industries

Halliburton Company

Hercules Offshore Inc.

Hess Corporation

MacGregor Group

Marathon Oil Corporation

Murphy Oil Corporation

National Oilwell Varco

Noble Energy Inc.

Orion Marine Group

Parker Drilling Company

Petrobras America Inc.

Royal Dutch Shell

Samson Investment Company

Schlumberger Limited

Statoil ASA

The Martin Companies

Trico Marine Group


Jones Act

Longshoreman Rights

LHWCA


Maritime Law

Maritime Piracy

Oil Rig Explosions

Oil Spill Claims

Types of Injuries

Back Injuries

Brain Damage

Burn Injuries

Crush Injuries

Electric Shock

Fractures & Broken Bones

Head Injuries

Impaired Vision & Blindness

Loss of Hearing

Loss of Limb

Pleural Diseases

Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder

Spinal Cord Injuries


Types of Accidents

Fires & Explosions

Barge Accidents

Cargo Ship Accidents

Chiksan Pipe Accidents

Commercial Diving Accidents

Commercial Fishing

Crane Accidents

Cruise Ship Accidents

Deck Accidents

Derrick Accidents

Diving Support Vessel Accidents

Dredge Accidents

Drill Rig Accidents

Drug-Related Accidents

Drydock Accidents

Engine Room Accidents

Equipment Failures

Fall Accidents

Ferry Worker Accidents

Gangway & Boarding Accidents

Heavy Lift Ship Accidents

Helicopter Accidents

Hot Work Accidents

Hydrogen Sulfide Exposure

Jack-Up Rig Accidents

Loading Accidents

Marine Cargo Handling

Marine Terminal Accidents

Offshore Construction Accidents

Oil Platform Accidents

PSV Accidents

Rigging Accidents

Ship Salvage Accidents

Shipbreaking Accidents

Shipyard Accidents

Shipbuilding Accidents 

Shrimp Boat Accidents

Spud Barge Accidents

Struck-By Vehicle Accidents

Top / Side Handler Accidents

Tour Boat Accidents

Tugboat Accidents

Well Intervention


Wrongful Death

Hiring an Offshore Injury Lawyer

Video Center













Work with a lawyer who truly understands Maritime Law.
Because maritime law is so complex and so complicated, it is crucial that
					 you work with an attorney who has an in-depth understanding of how it
					 works and who has proven themselves in similar cases before.




Related Maritime Videos








Talking to our attorneys doesn’t have to cost you a dime.







We know this a difficult time. Let us help.







Our firm isn’t afraid to take on the largest companies.







We are trial lawyers who aren’t afraid of the courtroom.







Who you hire to represent you will have a huge impact on your case.







To us, being a lawyer means more than just handling paperwork.





Discuss Your Legal Rights & Options






				Practice Areas
				& Helpful Information

Maritime / Offshore Information

				We at Arnold & Itkin have seen the level of devastation that offshore
				 accidents can cause. From the explosion of
				oil rigs to maritime employers who place workers in dangerous conditions,
				 we have seen and handled it all.
			







							Maritime Law 
							Learn More





Commonly referred to as admiralty law, maritime law is the body of laws
	 that govern activities in navigable waters and the open sea. Not only
	 does maritime law govern commercial activities, but it also affords legal
	 protection to maritime workers by protecting their right to compensation
	 in the event of an injury.

	Maritime law is used to protect the legal rights
	 of seaman injured while on the job.

If you or someone you love has been hurt while working offshore, you should
	 not hesitate to get the help you need from attorneys who you can trust.
	 Contact Arnold & Itkin LLP for the help that you deserve.


Learn More about Maritime Law







							Jones Act 
							Learn More





The Jones Act is a federal statute that provides legal protection to the
	 seamen who work offshore. Under this piece of legislation, also known
	 as the Merchant Marine Act of 1920, injured seamen have the right to take
	 legal action against the ship owner, manager, or fellow crewmember in
	 the event of an accident.

	Under the Jones Act, you may have the right
	 to pursue a claim for financial compensation.

For example, injured crew members may be able to file a claim for maintenance
	 and cure benefits, damages due to negligence, or even file a claim for
	 the unseaworthiness of a vessel.


Learn More about Jones Act







							Longshoreman Rights 
							Learn More





Longshoremen have certain legal rights when they are employed by U.S. companies.
	 At Arnold & Itkin LLP, our maritime injury attorneys are fully committed
	 to protecting these to the fullest extent. Our legal team is particularly
	 focused on helping longshoremen who have sustained serious injuries while
	 on the job.

	Longshoreman have certain rights protected by the
	 Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act.

If you would like to discuss the LHWCA and what rights you have underneath
	 it, you should not hesitate to get in touch with our firm. We can help
	 represent your legal rights and help in the recovery of full benefits.


Learn More about Longshoreman Rights







							Oil Rig Explosions 
							Learn More





Few events can cause more devastation then an oil rig explosion. Many factors
	 can be behind these accidents, such as equipment failure or company negligence.
	 Regardless, if the careless actions of any individual was behind your
	 accident, Arnold & Itkin can help you fight for full financial compensation.

	Drilling for oil and gas is one of the
	 world’s most dangerous professions.

If you were injured during an oil rig explosion or fire, you should not
	 hesitate to get the help of an experienced maritime lawyer. We can help
	 those who have sustained burns, crush injuries, and more.


Learn More about Oil Rig Explosions







							Injury to Seamen 
							Learn More





Following a serious maritime injury, seamen will have numerous costs—both
	 tangible and intangible—that create complex problems for both themselves
	 and their family. Arnold & Itkin can provide experienced legal guidance
	 in cases such as this to ensure that the seaman's rights are protected
	 under maritime law.

	How much does a serious injury cost
	 to a seamen and his/her family?

Following an offshore accident, seamen may experience costs such as hospitalization,
	 long-term rehabilitation, in-home care, lost wages, medication, and more.
	 Our firm can help you compensate these costs.


Learn More about Injury to Seamen







							Maritime Piracy 
							Learn More





When most people think of "pirates," they think of a drunken
	 man with a peg leg. Modern day pirates, however, are highly dangerous
	 and may cause serious injury or death to crew members on vessels operating
	 in foreign waters. Our firm represents injured seamen in claims related
	 to pirate attacks and hijackings.
In 2013, more than 250 attacks occurred.
If you or someone you love has been affected by maritime piracy, you should
	 immediately get in touch with our firm. We understand what risks you face
	 in the maritime industry and can help you recover from them.


Learn More about Maritime Piracy







							Types of Accidents 
							Learn More





Offshore accidents can cause serious injury to maritime workers. Common
	 accidents include fires, falls, explosions, and equipment failures. In
	 these cases, we work to help the injured recover fair compensation.

	Regardless of the accident you suffered from,
	 we can help you recover just compensation.

No matter whether your claim involves the Longshore and Harbor Workers’
	 Compensation Act (LHWCA) or general maritime law, you can trust in our
	 firm to provide you with experienced and skilled counsel.


Learn More about Types of Accidents







							Types of Injuries 
							Learn More





What are common injuries sustained offshore?
Employed in one of the most dangerous industries, maritime workers can
	 sustain catastrophic and even life-threatening injuries while on the job.
	 This may include everything from a traumatic brain injury (TBI) to damage
	 to their spine, severe burn injuries, electric shock, or even Post-Traumatic
	 Stress Disorder (PTSD).
Because offshore work is so physically demanding and because they are exposed
	 to harsh weather, it is common for workers to become fatigued while on
	 the job. This can lead to life-altering and even fatal injuries. If you
	 or a loved one has been injured, do not hesitate to get the professional
	 legal help of our firm.


Learn More about Types of Injuries







							Harbor Workers 
							Learn More





Harbor workers are employed in the construction, conversion, overhaul,
	 repair, alteration, dry docking, or outfitting of a ship. These individuals
	 may be known as a ship repairer, shipbuilder, or shipbreaker.
Injured harbor workers can recover compensation under the LHWCA.
Harbor workers can receive both job-injury and occupational-disease protection
	 under the Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act (LHWCA)
	 if they were employed on navigable waters or adjoining shore installations
	 such as wharves, terminals, and dry docks. If you or someone you love
	 was injured in the capacity of this job, do not hesitate to contact our
	 firm and request a free, confidential case consultation.


Learn More about Harbor Workers







							Oil Spill Claims 
							Learn More





Were you negatively affected by an oil spill?
When oil spills from an offshore rig, more than the workers aboard the
	 ship are affected. This is a serious incident that can negatively impact
	 local businesses, residents, and entire communities. Coastal cities that
	 rely on tourism revenue may suffer serious economic setbacks when traveling
	 families go elsewhere.
If you were impacted as a homeowner, business owner, or even a worker,
	 you should get in touch with our oil spill attorneys as soon as possible.
	 We can help you to pursue a claim for financial compensation that can
	 cover everything from medical bills to property damage to the economic
	 impact of a business closure.


Learn More about Oil Spill Claims







							Wrongful Death 
							Learn More





Have you lost someone that you love?
Offshore work is important work, but it is dangerous work. From the physical
	 exertion to hazardous weather conditions, it is unfortunately all too
	 common for offshore workers to become involved in traumatic accidents
	 while on the job. These can leave them with life-threatening and even
	 fatal injuries.
If someone you love was killed during maritime work, we encourage you to
	 reach out to our legal team. We can help represent the best interests
	 of you and your family during the course of your claim. With our assistance,
	 you can recover compensation for everything from funeral costs to loss
	 of companionship.


Learn More about Wrongful Death







							Company Profiles 
							Learn More





Countless maritime and energy-related companies operate in the Gulf of
	 Mexico. These companies are involved in a wide variety of fields, such
	 as shipping, transporting, oil and gas, commercial fishing, and more.

	Our firm is vastly experienced in dealing
	 with these large offshore companies.

We know all about these companies, and we have gone toe-to-toe with them
	 before. Put our first-hand experience to work for you today by getting
	 the involvement of our maritime injury lawyers as soon as possible.


Learn More about Company Profiles








			Setting The Standard
			For Maritime Law





$171

					Million
					
				
Arnold & Itkin spent years preparing and fighting for a case that resulted in a record-setting settlement.

$117

					Million
					
				
The victim of an ambulance accident was able to receive $117 million in a verdict after the firm proved negligence on behalf of the driver.

$110

					Million
					
				
Arnold & Itkin attorneys recovered $110 million on behalf of those seriously harmed by defective products.

$105

					Million
					
				
Arnold & Itkin fought for justice on behalf of those who had suffered from the use of defective products.

$76.6

					Million
					
				
The team at Arnold & Itkin was successful in obtaining a massive $76.6 million verdict for a boy who suffered gynecomastia due to Risperdal, a Johnson & Johnson drug.

$72

					Million
					
				
Arnold & Itkin achieved a massive settlement for a worker who lost their arm due to a company’s negligence.

$44

					Million
					
				
Arnold & Itkin LLP helped represent a man who had been severely injured in a crane accident, which caused his leg to be amputated. Lead Attorney Kurt Arnold helped to win $44 million on his behalf (which is the largest amputee verdict in the country).

$41

					Million
					
				
In a case involving a wronged client and one of the largest corporations in Hawaii, Arnold & Itkin, LLP secured a verdict of more than $41 million for their client.

$29

					Million
					
				
Our offshore injury law firm recovered a record settlement in an offshore death case.

$18.5

					Million
					
				
Arnold & Itkin had secured a large verdict for 4 of the injured workers in the Geismar explosion of 2013.

$15.45

					Million
					
				
Our firm fought for workers who were injured in the plant explosion, securing them a massive verdict and overcoming the normal limits set by workers’ compensation.

$14

					Million
					
				
Arnold & Itkin LLP obtains a $14 million settlement on behalf of their client who suffered head injuries in an accident on a barge.











				Offshore Injuries
				In The news










June
23
2017


Case Filed for Victim of Sexual Assault Aboard Vessel

Read More









June
23
2017


Case Filed for Arkansas Seaman Hurt by Defective Equipment

Read More









April
13
2017


Danger of Falling Objects at Sea

Read More






Read More Posts







				Contact
				
					Arnold 
					& Itkin 
				

Let Us Help! 100% Free & Confidential Evaluation of Your Case.













Send My Information



Arnold & Itkin LLP
				
					- 
					Maritime Lawyers
 Located at
				

						6009 Memorial Drive
					
Houston, 
					TX
77007
View Map

No Recovery? No Fee.
888.346.5024
100% FREE CASE EVALUATION























How Can We Help You?













				Free Case
				Evaluation









						Please enter your name.
					






						Please enter your email address.
					






						Please enter your phone number.
					




Are you a new client?
Yes, I am a potential new client.
No, I am a current existing client.
I'm neither.


							Please make a selection.
						







Send My Information








Offshore Injury Information | Arnold & Itkin LLP


































				No Recovery? No Fee.
			
888.346.5024
100% Free Case Evaluation














Injured Offshore? We Fight For Justice






Common Offshore Accidents





Wrongful Death





Maritime Injury Law





Free Case Evaluation






Offshore Injuries


	Accidents that occur offshore can have catastrophic consequences. In many
	 cases, due to the harsh nature of the offshore work environment, these
	 accidents are fatal. If you or your loved one was injured, contact the
	 leaders in maritime law at Arnold & Itkin. We help clients nationwide,
	 including
	Texas,
	Louisiana,
	Mississippi, and
	Alabama.

Billions of Dollars Won. An example of What Else Sets Us Apart:

Named in The Best Lawyers in America® for Admiralty and Maritime Law
Case results that have set both national and state records
Cases won in more than 40 different states from coast to coast

Selected for the
			Super Lawyers® and
			Super Lawyers® Rising Stars℠ list

Selected in the 2015 list of America’s Elite Trial Lawyers
Named to the 2017 Lawdragon 500 Leading Lawyers in America
Named Top 100 Trial Lawyers by The National Trial Lawyers


Work with lawyers you can trust. Call (888) 346-5024 now for a free consultation!







What You Need to Know After an Injury
If you or someone you love was injured or made ill while working offshore,
			 we encourage you to contact our firm as soon as possible to request your
			 free and confidential consultation. 
Offshore injuries are serious, and they are governed by a set of laws that
		 are different than common accidents on land. It costs absolutely nothing
		 to speak to one of our attorneys. Often, the choice of the right lawyer
		 is one of the most important decisions that you will ever make.
At Arnold & Itkin, if we don't win for you, you don't pay a dime.

Free Consultation
Meet Our Attorneys
Our Victories







Offshore Injuries
Information Center




Free Case Evaluation

Company Profiles

Companies Working Offshore

A.P. Moller - Maersk Group

AllSeas USA, Inc.

Anadarko Petroleum

ATP Oil & Gas Corporation

BP

Chevron

Cobalt International Energy L.P.

ConocoPhillips

Ensco

ExxonMobil

Global Industries

Halliburton Company

Hercules Offshore Inc.

Hess Corporation

MacGregor Group

Marathon Oil Corporation

Murphy Oil Corporation

National Oilwell Varco

Noble Energy Inc.

Orion Marine Group

Parker Drilling Company

Petrobras America Inc.

Royal Dutch Shell

Samson Investment Company

Schlumberger Limited

Statoil ASA

The Martin Companies

Trico Marine Group


Jones Act

Longshoreman Rights

LHWCA


Maritime Law

Maritime Piracy

Oil Rig Explosions

Oil Spill Claims

Types of Injuries

Back Injuries

Brain Damage

Burn Injuries

Crush Injuries

Electric Shock

Fractures & Broken Bones

Head Injuries

Impaired Vision & Blindness

Loss of Hearing

Loss of Limb

Pleural Diseases

Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder

Spinal Cord Injuries


Types of Accidents

Fires & Explosions

Barge Accidents

Cargo Ship Accidents

Chiksan Pipe Accidents

Commercial Diving Accidents

Commercial Fishing

Crane Accidents

Cruise Ship Accidents

Deck Accidents

Derrick Accidents

Diving Support Vessel Accidents

Dredge Accidents

Drill Rig Accidents

Drug-Related Accidents

Drydock Accidents

Engine Room Accidents

Equipment Failures

Fall Accidents

Ferry Worker Accidents

Gangway & Boarding Accidents

Heavy Lift Ship Accidents

Helicopter Accidents

Hot Work Accidents

Hydrogen Sulfide Exposure

Jack-Up Rig Accidents

Loading Accidents

Marine Cargo Handling

Marine Terminal Accidents

Offshore Construction Accidents

Oil Platform Accidents

PSV Accidents

Rigging Accidents

Ship Salvage Accidents

Shipbreaking Accidents

Shipyard Accidents

Shipbuilding Accidents 

Shrimp Boat Accidents

Spud Barge Accidents

Struck-By Vehicle Accidents

Top / Side Handler Accidents

Tour Boat Accidents

Tugboat Accidents

Well Intervention


Wrongful Death

Hiring an Offshore Injury Lawyer

Video Center













Work with a lawyer who truly understands Maritime Law.
Because maritime law is so complex and so complicated, it is crucial that
					 you work with an attorney who has an in-depth understanding of how it
					 works and who has proven themselves in similar cases before.




Related Maritime Videos








Talking to our attorneys doesn’t have to cost you a dime.







We know this a difficult time. Let us help.







Our firm isn’t afraid to take on the largest companies.







We are trial lawyers who aren’t afraid of the courtroom.







Who you hire to represent you will have a huge impact on your case.







To us, being a lawyer means more than just handling paperwork.





Discuss Your Legal Rights & Options






				Practice Areas
				& Helpful Information

Maritime / Offshore Information

				We at Arnold & Itkin have seen the level of devastation that offshore
				 accidents can cause. From the explosion of
				oil rigs to maritime employers who place workers in dangerous conditions,
				 we have seen and handled it all.
			







							Maritime Law 
							Learn More





Commonly referred to as admiralty law, maritime law is the body of laws
	 that govern activities in navigable waters and the open sea. Not only
	 does maritime law govern commercial activities, but it also affords legal
	 protection to maritime workers by protecting their right to compensation
	 in the event of an injury.

	Maritime law is used to protect the legal rights
	 of seaman injured while on the job.

If you or someone you love has been hurt while working offshore, you should
	 not hesitate to get the help you need from attorneys who you can trust.
	 Contact Arnold & Itkin LLP for the help that you deserve.


Learn More about Maritime Law







							Jones Act 
							Learn More





The Jones Act is a federal statute that provides legal protection to the
	 seamen who work offshore. Under this piece of legislation, also known
	 as the Merchant Marine Act of 1920, injured seamen have the right to take
	 legal action against the ship owner, manager, or fellow crewmember in
	 the event of an accident.

	Under the Jones Act, you may have the right
	 to pursue a claim for financial compensation.

For example, injured crew members may be able to file a claim for maintenance
	 and cure benefits, damages due to negligence, or even file a claim for
	 the unseaworthiness of a vessel.


Learn More about Jones Act







							Longshoreman Rights 
							Learn More





Longshoremen have certain legal rights when they are employed by U.S. companies.
	 At Arnold & Itkin LLP, our maritime injury attorneys are fully committed
	 to protecting these to the fullest extent. Our legal team is particularly
	 focused on helping longshoremen who have sustained serious injuries while
	 on the job.

	Longshoreman have certain rights protected by the
	 Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act.

If you would like to discuss the LHWCA and what rights you have underneath
	 it, you should not hesitate to get in touch with our firm. We can help
	 represent your legal rights and help in the recovery of full benefits.


Learn More about Longshoreman Rights







							Oil Rig Explosions 
							Learn More





Few events can cause more devastation then an oil rig explosion. Many factors
	 can be behind these accidents, such as equipment failure or company negligence.
	 Regardless, if the careless actions of any individual was behind your
	 accident, Arnold & Itkin can help you fight for full financial compensation.

	Drilling for oil and gas is one of the
	 world’s most dangerous professions.

If you were injured during an oil rig explosion or fire, you should not
	 hesitate to get the help of an experienced maritime lawyer. We can help
	 those who have sustained burns, crush injuries, and more.


Learn More about Oil Rig Explosions







							Injury to Seamen 
							Learn More





Following a serious maritime injury, seamen will have numerous costs—both
	 tangible and intangible—that create complex problems for both themselves
	 and their family. Arnold & Itkin can provide experienced legal guidance
	 in cases such as this to ensure that the seaman's rights are protected
	 under maritime law.

	How much does a serious injury cost
	 to a seamen and his/her family?

Following an offshore accident, seamen may experience costs such as hospitalization,
	 long-term rehabilitation, in-home care, lost wages, medication, and more.
	 Our firm can help you compensate these costs.


Learn More about Injury to Seamen







							Maritime Piracy 
							Learn More





When most people think of "pirates," they think of a drunken
	 man with a peg leg. Modern day pirates, however, are highly dangerous
	 and may cause serious injury or death to crew members on vessels operating
	 in foreign waters. Our firm represents injured seamen in claims related
	 to pirate attacks and hijackings.
In 2013, more than 250 attacks occurred.
If you or someone you love has been affected by maritime piracy, you should
	 immediately get in touch with our firm. We understand what risks you face
	 in the maritime industry and can help you recover from them.


Learn More about Maritime Piracy







							Types of Accidents 
							Learn More





Offshore accidents can cause serious injury to maritime workers. Common
	 accidents include fires, falls, explosions, and equipment failures. In
	 these cases, we work to help the injured recover fair compensation.

	Regardless of the accident you suffered from,
	 we can help you recover just compensation.

No matter whether your claim involves the Longshore and Harbor Workers’
	 Compensation Act (LHWCA) or general maritime law, you can trust in our
	 firm to provide you with experienced and skilled counsel.


Learn More about Types of Accidents







							Types of Injuries 
							Learn More





What are common injuries sustained offshore?
Employed in one of the most dangerous industries, maritime workers can
	 sustain catastrophic and even life-threatening injuries while on the job.
	 This may include everything from a traumatic brain injury (TBI) to damage
	 to their spine, severe burn injuries, electric shock, or even Post-Traumatic
	 Stress Disorder (PTSD).
Because offshore work is so physically demanding and because they are exposed
	 to harsh weather, it is common for workers to become fatigued while on
	 the job. This can lead to life-altering and even fatal injuries. If you
	 or a loved one has been injured, do not hesitate to get the professional
	 legal help of our firm.


Learn More about Types of Injuries







							Harbor Workers 
							Learn More





Harbor workers are employed in the construction, conversion, overhaul,
	 repair, alteration, dry docking, or outfitting of a ship. These individuals
	 may be known as a ship repairer, shipbuilder, or shipbreaker.
Injured harbor workers can recover compensation under the LHWCA.
Harbor workers can receive both job-injury and occupational-disease protection
	 under the Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act (LHWCA)
	 if they were employed on navigable waters or adjoining shore installations
	 such as wharves, terminals, and dry docks. If you or someone you love
	 was injured in the capacity of this job, do not hesitate to contact our
	 firm and request a free, confidential case consultation.


Learn More about Harbor Workers







							Oil Spill Claims 
							Learn More





Were you negatively affected by an oil spill?
When oil spills from an offshore rig, more than the workers aboard the
	 ship are affected. This is a serious incident that can negatively impact
	 local businesses, residents, and entire communities. Coastal cities that
	 rely on tourism revenue may suffer serious economic setbacks when traveling
	 families go elsewhere.
If you were impacted as a homeowner, business owner, or even a worker,
	 you should get in touch with our oil spill attorneys as soon as possible.
	 We can help you to pursue a claim for financial compensation that can
	 cover everything from medical bills to property damage to the economic
	 impact of a business closure.


Learn More about Oil Spill Claims







							Wrongful Death 
							Learn More





Have you lost someone that you love?
Offshore work is important work, but it is dangerous work. From the physical
	 exertion to hazardous weather conditions, it is unfortunately all too
	 common for offshore workers to become involved in traumatic accidents
	 while on the job. These can leave them with life-threatening and even
	 fatal injuries.
If someone you love was killed during maritime work, we encourage you to
	 reach out to our legal team. We can help represent the best interests
	 of you and your family during the course of your claim. With our assistance,
	 you can recover compensation for everything from funeral costs to loss
	 of companionship.


Learn More about Wrongful Death







							Company Profiles 
							Learn More





Countless maritime and energy-related companies operate in the Gulf of
	 Mexico. These companies are involved in a wide variety of fields, such
	 as shipping, transporting, oil and gas, commercial fishing, and more.

	Our firm is vastly experienced in dealing
	 with these large offshore companies.

We know all about these companies, and we have gone toe-to-toe with them
	 before. Put our first-hand experience to work for you today by getting
	 the involvement of our maritime injury lawyers as soon as possible.


Learn More about Company Profiles








			Setting The Standard
			For Maritime Law





$171

					Million
					
				
Arnold & Itkin spent years preparing and fighting for a case that resulted in a record-setting settlement.

$117

					Million
					
				
The victim of an ambulance accident was able to receive $117 million in a verdict after the firm proved negligence on behalf of the driver.

$110

					Million
					
				
Arnold & Itkin attorneys recovered $110 million on behalf of those seriously harmed by defective products.

$105

					Million
					
				
Arnold & Itkin fought for justice on behalf of those who had suffered from the use of defective products.

$76.6

					Million
					
				
The team at Arnold & Itkin was successful in obtaining a massive $76.6 million verdict for a boy who suffered gynecomastia due to Risperdal, a Johnson & Johnson drug.

$72

					Million
					
				
Arnold & Itkin achieved a massive settlement for a worker who lost their arm due to a company’s negligence.

$44

					Million
					
				
Arnold & Itkin LLP helped represent a man who had been severely injured in a crane accident, which caused his leg to be amputated. Lead Attorney Kurt Arnold helped to win $44 million on his behalf (which is the largest amputee verdict in the country).

$41

					Million
					
				
In a case involving a wronged client and one of the largest corporations in Hawaii, Arnold & Itkin, LLP secured a verdict of more than $41 million for their client.

$29

					Million
					
				
Our offshore injury law firm recovered a record settlement in an offshore death case.

$18.5

					Million
					
				
Arnold & Itkin had secured a large verdict for 4 of the injured workers in the Geismar explosion of 2013.

$15.45

					Million
					
				
Our firm fought for workers who were injured in the plant explosion, securing them a massive verdict and overcoming the normal limits set by workers’ compensation.

$14

					Million
					
				
Arnold & Itkin LLP obtains a $14 million settlement on behalf of their client who suffered head injuries in an accident on a barge.











				Offshore Injuries
				In The news










June
23
2017


Case Filed for Victim of Sexual Assault Aboard Vessel

Read More









June
23
2017


Case Filed for Arkansas Seaman Hurt by Defective Equipment

Read More









April
13
2017


Danger of Falling Objects at Sea

Read More






Read More Posts







				Contact
				
					Arnold 
					& Itkin 
				

Let Us Help! 100% Free & Confidential Evaluation of Your Case.













Send My Information



Arnold & Itkin LLP
				
					- 
					Maritime Lawyers
 Located at
				

						6009 Memorial Drive
					
Houston, 
					TX
77007
View Map

No Recovery? No Fee.
888.346.5024
100% FREE CASE EVALUATION























How Can We Help You?













				Free Case
				Evaluation









						Please enter your name.
					






						Please enter your email address.
					






						Please enter your phone number.
					




Are you a new client?
Yes, I am a potential new client.
No, I am a current existing client.
I'm neither.


							Please make a selection.
						







Send My Information








Meet Our Lawyers | Maritime Attorney


































				No Recovery? No Fee.
			
888.346.5024
100% Free Case Evaluation















The LeadersIn Maritime Law
	













			Get To Know
			Our Maritime Attorneys







					Kurt Arnold
				




					Jason Itkin
				




					Cory Itkin
				




					Noah Wexler
				




					Kyle Findley
				




					Santana McMurrey
				




					Victoria Alford
				




					Caj Boatright
				




					Tara Arnold
				




					Kala Sellers
				




					Ryan MacLeod
				




					Adam Lewis
				




					Ben Bireley
				




					Roland Christensen
				




					Alison Baimbridge
				




					Bradford Hendrickson
				




					Rebecca Adams
				









				Skilled, Experienced & Dedicated
				Reasons to Hire Our Attorneys





1
Passion & Skill
The trial lawyers of Arnold & Itkin LLP are known for the unique blend of skill, energy, and passion they bring to each and every case.


2
Top AttorneysGraduated at the top of their class at some of the top law schools and have worked in the offices of the attorney general, judges, and politicians.


3
The Experience to WinThey have experience on both the plaintiff and defendant side of cases, and they have the ability to see all sides of a legal issue.


4
VictoriousThey have gone head-to-head with powerful corporations and insurance companies and emerged with substantial verdicts & settlements.


5
Committed to WinningThey are committed to their clients. They are committed to winning, and pursuing justice for those injured while working offshore.










				Contact
				
					Arnold 
					& Itkin 
				

Let Us Help! 100% Free & Confidential Evaluation of Your Case.













Send My Information



Arnold & Itkin LLP
				
					- 
					Maritime Lawyers
 Located at
				

						6009 Memorial Drive
					
Houston, 
					TX
77007
View Map

No Recovery? No Fee.
888.346.5024
100% FREE CASE EVALUATION























How Can We Help You?













				Free Case
				Evaluation









						Please enter your name.
					






						Please enter your email address.
					






						Please enter your phone number.
					




Are you a new client?
Yes, I am a potential new client.
No, I am a current existing client.
I'm neither.


							Please make a selection.
						







Send My Information








Maritime Lawyers | Maritime Injury Attorneys




































				No Recovery? No Fee.
			
888.346.5024
100% Free Case Evaluation















The LeadersIn Maritime Law
	






Why Choose Us?





Client Testimonials





Offshore Injury Law





Free Case Evaluation





Nationwide Maritime Lawyers
Dedicated to Fighting for Victims of Offshore Accidents
Perhaps one of the most important aspects of maritime injury law is the
	 rights it affords to offshore workers who have suffered injury or illness
	 during the course of their work—including the right to recover fair
	 financial compensation for their injuries and other damages.
Maritime attorneys at Arnold & Itkin have recovered billions of dollars
		 in verdicts and settlements on behalf of our clients. Put the leaders
		 in maritime law in your corner by contacting us today!




Call (888) 346-5024. You Don’t Pay Unless We Win!
If you or someone you love was injured offshore and you need an attorney
		 experienced in maritime law claims, contact Arnold & Itkin. We have
		 handled some of the most complex cases in maritime law, including representing
		 some of the crewmembers of the Deepwater Horizon, and with us, you don’t
		 pay unless we win your case!

Meet Our Lawyers
Why Choose Us?
Our Victories







Maritime Law
Information Center




Admiralty Jurisdiction Extension Act

Admiralty Law

Comparison of Maritime Laws

Death on the High Seas Act

Defense Base Act

General Maritime Law

Limitation of Liability Act

Longshoreman Rights

The LHWCA & Disability Compensation


Marine Insurance Adjuster Disputes

Maritime Law & the Gulf Coast

Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act

Public Vessels Act

U.S. Maritime Workers in Foreign Waters

Maritime Law Glossary

Admiralty Jurisdiction Extension Act

Defense Base Act

Military Sealift Command

Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act

Public Vessels Act

Vessel Arrest

What Is a Barge?

What Is a Certificate of Inspection?

What Is a Containership?

What Is a Crew Boat?

What Is a Crewmember?

What Is a Hitch?

What Is a Longshoreman?

What Is a Seaman?

What Is a Tug / Tugboat?

What Is Admiralty Law?

What Is an Allision?


Do I Need a Maritime Lawyer?









The Basics Of Maritime Injury Law





The Jones Act
The Jones Act, also known as the Merchant Marine Act of 1920, provides certain legal rights to seaman that protect their health and livelihood. Under the Jones Act, a seaman who has been injured would have the ability to pursue a case against the ship owner, captain, or other members of their crew. The law, however, is strict on who qualifies as a Jones Act seaman and who is eligible to recover compensation. It is therefore crucial that you talk to lawyers about your case.





Longshore & Harbor Workers' Compensation Act
Commonly referred to as the Longshore Act or LHWCA, the Longshore and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act is a statutory workers' compensation scheme enacted in 1927 to provide protection to maritime workers who are not protected by the Jones Act. Currently, the LHWCA provides benefits to more than 500,000 workers for work-related injuries and occupational diseases. This act also provides benefits to the widow, widower, or eligible survivors if an injury or illness leads to a death.





Death on the High Seas Act
In 1920, the Death on the High Seas Act (DOHSA) was enacted by Congress to protect the families of seaman injured while working offshore. Under this law, spouses, children, and other dependents are given the ability to pursue legal action if the loss of their loved one could be linked to the negligence of another. For example, family could pursue a claim if the accident was caused by the unseaworthiness of a vessel or careless actions of an employer or crewmember.





General Maritime Law
Maritime law is often categorized into two types. The first is the compilation of federal statutes passed over the years (such as the Jones Act); the second is vaguer and consists of "common law," which has developed naturally by major court decisions. One major component of general maritime law is the doctrine of "maintenance and cure," which is what provides living expenses, lost wages, and medical care to seamen if they become injured or ill while working offshore.











Involving A Maritime Accident Attorney From Arnold & Itkin
Maritime law is a highly-complex area of the law—and not every statute
	 will apply to every case. For this reason, it is crucial that no time
	 is wasted in contacting a maritime injury lawyer who will be able to provide
	 you access to a wealth of knowledge. If you or someone you love has been
	 hurt, we encourage you to contact our team today.
Arnold & Itkin is proud to offer a confidential and free consultation.





				What is it Like To Work
				With Arnold & Itkin







Arnold & Itkin represented nearly a third of the crewmembers injured
				 in the Deepwater Horizon explosion.




					I encountered professionalism, understanding, compassion… lot of compassion.
					 They really felt for what me and my wife were going through.
				
~ Deepwater Horizon Crew Member










Work with a lawyer who truly understands Maritime Law.
Because maritime law is so complex and so complicated, it is crucial that
					 you work with an attorney who has an in-depth understanding of how it
					 works and who has proven themselves in similar cases before.




Related Maritime Videos


















Discuss Your Legal Rights & Options








				Contact
				
					Arnold 
					& Itkin 
				

Let Us Help! 100% Free & Confidential Evaluation of Your Case.













Send My Information



Arnold & Itkin LLP
				
					- 
					Maritime Lawyers
 Located at
				

						6009 Memorial Drive
					
Houston, 
					TX
77007
View Map

No Recovery? No Fee.
888.346.5024
100% FREE CASE EVALUATION























How Can We Help You?













				Free Case
				Evaluation









						Please enter your name.
					






						Please enter your email address.
					






						Please enter your phone number.
					




Are you a new client?
Yes, I am a potential new client.
No, I am a current existing client.
I'm neither.


							Please make a selection.
						







Send My Information








Free Case Evaluation with Our Maritime Lawyers


































				No Recovery? No Fee.
			
888.346.5024
100% Free Case Evaluation















The LeadersIn Maritime Law
	









Case Evaluation
Contact us immediately for a free case evaluation. Our offshore injury
	 lawyers can advise you on all aspects of maritime law and the benefits
	 you are entitled to under the Jones Act, the Death on the High Seas Act,
	 General Maritime Law, the Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation
	 Act, and more.

Have You Been Injured Offshore? Take the first step to recovery today by filling out the form below:


















Send My Information




















How Can We Help You?













				Free Case
				Evaluation









						Please enter your name.
					






						Please enter your email address.
					






						Please enter your phone number.
					




Are you a new client?
Yes, I am a potential new client.
No, I am a current existing client.
I'm neither.


							Please make a selection.
						







Send My Information






