

Andes 7 Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 2:52 PM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Andes 7 Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Andes 7 Inc. is a blank check company. The company was founded in 2015 and is based in Lewes, Delaware.


16192 Coastal HighwayLewes, DE 19958United StatesFounded in 2015



Phone: 415-713-6957








Key Executives for Andes 7 Inc.




Mr. Poh Kiang Khor 


      	President, CEO & Chairman
      


Age: 50
        







Mr. Kok Keing Lee


      	Chief Financial Officer
      


Age: 55
        







Dr. Tek Mun Chin


      	Chief Operations Officer
      


Age: 47
        







Dr. Mooi Eng Ng


      	Treasurer
      


Age: 50
        







Ms. Jannie Gui Honey


      	Secretary
      


Age: 47
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Andes 7 Inc. Key Developments

Andes 7 Inc. Elects Jannie Gui Honey as its Secretary
Apr 14 17
On April 14, 2017, Andes 7 Inc. elected Jannie Gui Honey as its Secretary. Most recently, Ms. Honey has held the position of Secretary for Abina Company Limited from 2015 to present.


Andes 7 Inc. announced delayed annual 10-K filing
Mar 31 17
On 03/31/2017, Andes 7 Inc. announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-K by the deadline required by the SEC.


De Leon & Company, P.A. Replaces Gillespie & Associates, PLLC as Independent Principal Accountant of Andes 7 Inc
Nov 4 16
On November 3, 2016, the board of directors and majority shareholders of Andes 7 Inc. dismissed Gillespie & Associates, PLLC as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company effective immediately. On November 3, 2016, the company engaged De Leon & Company, P.A. as new independent principal accountant to audit the Company's financial statements and to perform reviews of interim financial statements.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Andes 7 Inc., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














ANDES 7 INC. (1650205) 10-K and 10-Q SEC Filings :: Last10K.com






















		 
	




ANDES 7 INC. (1650205) SEC Filing 10-K Annual report for the fiscal year ending Saturday, December 31, 2016














last10k.com/sec-filings/1650205/0001659173-17-000202.htm



10-K Annual Summary
10-K Annual Report
10-K Exhibits
10-K Statistics




Document and Entity Information - USD ($)12 Months EndedDec. 31, 2016May 02, 2017Document And Entity Information  Entity Registrant NameANDES 7 INC. Entity Central Index Key0001650205 Document Type10-K Document Period End DateDec. 31,  2016 Amendment Flagfalse Current Fiscal Year End Date--12-31 Is Entity a Well-known Seasoned Issuer?No Is Entity a Voluntary Filer?No Is Entity's Reporting Status Current?Yes Entity Filer CategorySmaller Reporting Accelerated Filer Entity Public Float $ 0Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 10,100,000Document Fiscal Period FocusFY Document Fiscal Year Focus2016 






Click to view a specific section in this 10-K Report
View entire 10-K Report
Condensed Balance Sheets
Condensed Balance Sheets (parenthetical)
Condensed Statements Of Operations
Shareholders Equity
Statements Of Cash Flows
Note 1 - Description Of Business And History
Note 2 - Summary Of Significant Policies
Note 3 - Going Concern
Note 4 - Stockholders' Equity
Note 5 - Related Party Transactions
Note 6 - Income Tax
Note 7 - Subsequent Events
Note 2 - Summary Of Significant Policies (policies)
Note 6 - Income Tax (tables)
Note 6 - Income Tax - Schedule Of Deferred Tax Assets (details)
Note 6 - Income Tax - Schedule Of Valuation (details)
Note 1 - Description Of Business And History (details Narrative)
Note 3 - Going Concern (details Narrative)
Note 4 - Stockholders' Equity (details Narrative)
Note 5 - Related Party Transactions (details Narrative)
Note 6 - Income Tax (details Narrative)


 Please wait while we load the requested 10-K Annual report. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                         https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1650205/000165917317000202/andes710k20170417.htm




Companies may provide additional information to their SEC Filings as exhibits. Click a link below to view an exhibit that was filed with this report:


                    Exhibit 31.1 - CERTIFICATION
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1650205/000165917317000202/e311.htm



                    Exhibit 31.2 - CERTIFICATION
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1650205/000165917317000202/e312.htm



                    Exhibit 32.1 - CERTIFICATION
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1650205/000165917317000202/e321.htm



                    Exhibit 32.2 - CERTIFICATION
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1650205/000165917317000202/e322.htm






Form Type: Annual
Number of times amended: 0
Accession Number: 0001659173-17-000202
Submitted to the SEC: Thursday, May 4, 2017
Accepted by the SEC: Wednesday, May 3, 2017
Period Ending: December 2016












Financial Ratios
Intrinsic Value
Financial Stability

















Companies

 Add



1650205





10-K
10-Q




10-K Annual ReportMay 2017






10-K Annual ReportFebruary 2016
 




10-Q Quarterly ReportMay 2017

10-Q Quarterly ReportNovember 2016

10-Q Quarterly ReportAugust 2016

10-Q Quarterly ReportMay 2016

10-Q Quarterly ReportOctober 2015
 


ANDES 7 INC.
































ANDES 7 INC. SEC Filing Form 10-K Annual report 2/2017, submited: 2017-05-04





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






ANDES 7 INC.


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in ANDES 7 INC..










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | People (11) | Filings (40) | Annual reports (2)
ANDES 7 INC. SEC Filing Form 10-K Annual report 2/2017, submited: 2017-05-04<< back to list of filingsForm 10-KA 10-K is a comprehensive summary report of a company's performance that must be submitted annually to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Typically, the 10-K contains much more detail than the annual report. It includes information such as company history, organizational structure, equity, holdings, earnings per share, subsidiaries, etc. 

The 10-K must be filed within 60 days (it used to be 90 days) after the end of the fiscal year.


10-K
1
andes710k20170417.htm
10-K



U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
 
Form 10-K
 
(Mark One)
 
[X]  ANNUAL REPORT
UNDER THE SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 
For the fiscal year ended December
31, 2016
 
[ ]TRANSITION REPORT UNDER
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 
For the transition period
from ______________ to ______________
 
 
ANDES 7 Inc.
(Exact name of registrant as
specified in its charter)
 
 


 
Delaware
 
47-4683655
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
(State or Other Jurisdiction of
 
(I.R.S. Employer
 

 
Incorporation or Organization)
 
Identification No.)
 

 
 
 
 
 

 

424 Clay Street, Lower Level
San Francisco, CA 
 
 
 

 
 
 
94111
 

 
 
 
 
 

 
(Address of Principal Executive Offices)
 
(Zip Code)
 

 
Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:
None.
Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act:
Common
Stock, $0.0001 par value per share
(Title of Class)

-1- 
[Table of Contents]

 
Check whether the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. [ ] Yes [X] No
Check whether the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. [ ] Yes [X] No
 
Check whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. [X]
Yes [ ] No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
[ ] Yes [X] No
 
Check if there is no disclosure of delinquent filers
in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) contained herein, and no disclosure will be contained,
to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III
of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]
Check whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated
filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
one):


Large accelerated filer
[  ]
 
Accelerated filer
[  ]

 
 
 
 
 

Non-accelerated filer
[  ]
 
Smaller reporting company
[X]

 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): 

[X] Yes [ ] No
The issuer’s common stock is not currently quoted
on any market. The issuer therefore cannot estimate the aggregate market value of the issuer’s voting and non-voting common
equity held as of June 30, 2016, the last day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, by non-affiliates
of the issuer. As of May 4, 2017, there were 10,100,000 shares of $0.0001 par value common stock issued and outstanding.
 

-2- 
[Table of Contents]


 



TABLE OF CONTENTS
 

 
 
Page


 
PART I
 

Item 1.
Business
5

Item 1A.
Risk Factors
7

Item
    1B.
Unresolved
    Staff Comments
11

Item 2.
Properties
11

Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
11

Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
11


 
PART II
 

Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
11

Item 6.
Selected Financial Data
13

Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
13

Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
16

Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
16

Item 9.
Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
16

Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
16

Item 9B.
Other Information
17


 
PART III
 

Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
18

Item 11.
Executive Compensation
19

Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
20

Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
20

Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
22


 
PART IV

Item 15.
Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules
23

 
 

-3- 
[Table of Contents]

 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
 
Certain statements made in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K are “forward-looking statements” (within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995) regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations. Such statements involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements of ANDES 7 Inc.(the “Company”)
to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations that involve numerous risks and uncertainties.
The Company’s plans and objectives are based, in part, on assumptions involving the continued expansion of business. Assumptions
relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things, future economic, competitive and market conditions
and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to predict accurately and many of which are beyond the
control of the Company. Although the Company believes its assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements are reasonable,
any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance the forward-looking statements included
in this Report will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements
included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by the Company or any other person
that the objectives and plans of the Company will be achieved.
 

-4- 
[Table of Contents]

 
PART I
Item 1.   Description of Business.
  
(a)   Business Development
 
ANDES 7 Inc. ("Company" or
the "Registrant") was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on July 27, 2015 and has been inactive since
inception. On February 12, 2016, following the entry of (a) the Consent in Lieu of Shareholder
Meeting, and the (b) Resolutions of the Board of Directors, and (c) Resolutions of the Board of Directors all dated on February
12, 2016, the following events occurred which resulted in a change of control of the Company. The Company redeemed an aggregate
of 9,900,000 from its former sole shareholder of the then 10,000,000 shares of outstanding stock held at a redemption price of
$0.0001 per share for an aggregate redemption price of $990. The former sole shareholder proceeded to resign from his director
and officer positions. As the sole shareholder at the time, and prior to his resignation as the sole director, former sole shareholder
appointed Andrew Khor Poh Kiang to serve as director on the Board of Directors.
 
The Company intends to serve as a vehicle
to effect an asset acquisition, merger, exchange of capital stock or other business combination with a domestic or foreign business.
ANDES 7 Inc. has been in the developmental stage since inception and its operations to date have been limited to issuing shares
to its original shareholders and filing a registration statement. ANDES 7 Inc. has been formed to provide a method for a foreign
or domestic private company to become a reporting company with a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934. 
 
The Company registered its common stock
on a Form 10 registration statement filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") and Rule
12(g) thereof. The Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission periodic and current reports under Rule 13(a) of the
Exchange Act, including quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and annual reports Form 10-K.
 
To become a publicly-traded company,
ANDES 7 Inc. may file a registration statement; most likely on Form S-1, or alternatively that a company first effect a business
combination with ANDES 7 Inc. and then subsequently file a registration statement. A company may choose to effect a business combination
with ANDES 7 Inc. before filing a registration statement.
 
If a target company chooses to enter
into business combination with ANDES 7 Inc., the registration statement will be prepared after such business combination. The terms
of a business combination may provide for redemption of all or part of their stock in ANDES 7 Inc., usually at par.
 
(b)   Business of Issuer
 
Based on proposed business activities,
we are a “blank check” company. The SEC defines those companies as “any development stage company that is issuing
a penny stock, within the meaning of Section 3 (a)(51) of the Exchange Act, and that has no specific business plan or purpose,
or has indicated that its business plan is to merge with an unidentified company or companies.” Many states have enacted
statutes, rules and regulations limiting the sale of securities of “blank check” companies in their respective jurisdictions.
Management does not intend to undertake any efforts to cause a market to develop in our securities, either debt or equity, until
we have successfully concluded a business combination. We intend to comply with the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange
Act for so long as we are subject to those requirements.
We were organized as a vehicle to investigate
and, if such investigation warrants, acquire a target company or business seeking the perceived advantages of being a publicly
held corporation. Our principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth
potential through a combination with a business rather than immediate, short-term earnings. We will not restrict our potential
candidate target companies to any specific business, industry or geographical location and, thus, may acquire any type of business.
 

-5- 
[Table of Contents]

 
The analysis of new business opportunities
has and will be undertaken by or under the supervision of the officers and directors of the Registrant. The Registrant has considered
potential acquisition transactions with several companies, but as of this date has not entered into any Letter of Intent or other
agreement with any party. The Registrant has unrestricted flexibility in seeking, analyzing and participating in potential business
opportunities. In its efforts to analyze potential acquisition targets, the Registrant will consider the following kinds of factors:
 



 (a)
                                         Potential for growth, indicated by new technology, anticipated market expansion or new
                                         products;
 

 (b)
                                         Competitive position as compared to other firms of similar size and experience within
                                         the industry segment as well as within the industry as a whole;
 

 (c)
                                         Strength and diversity of management, either in place or scheduled for recruitment;
 

 (d)
                                         Capital requirements and anticipated availability of required funds, to be provided by
                                         the Registrant or from operations, through the sale of additional securities, through
                                         joint ventures or similar arrangements or from other sources;
 

 (e)
                                         The cost of participation by the Registrant as compared to the perceived tangible and
                                         intangible values and potentials;
 

 (f)
                                         The extent to which the business opportunity can be advanced;
 

 (g)
                                         The accessibility of required management expertise, personnel, raw materials, services,
                                         professional assistance and other required items; and
 

 (h)
    Other relevant factors.


  
In applying the foregoing criteria, no
one of which will be controlling, management will attempt to analyze all factors and circumstances and make a determination based
upon reasonable investigative measures and available data. Potentially available business opportunities may occur in many different
industries, and at various stages of development, all of which will make the task of comparative investigation and analysis of
such business opportunities extremely difficult and complex. Due to the Registrant’s limited capital available for investigation,
the Registrant may not discover or adequately evaluate adverse facts about the opportunity to be acquired.
  
A combination will normally take the form of a merger, stock-for-stock
exchange or stock-for-assets exchange. In most instances the target company will wish to structure the business combination to
be within the definition of a tax-free reorganization under Section 351 or Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended and described within the section Form of Acquisition.
 
Once a change of control of ANDES 7 Inc. has been effected,
if at all, new management may issue shares of its stock prior to filing a registration statement for the registration of its shares
pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 and such shares will be governed by the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission regarding the sale of unregistered securities.
 
Form of Acquisition
 
The manner in which the Registrant participates
in an opportunity will depend upon the nature of the opportunity, the respective needs and desires of the Registrant and the promoters
of the opportunity, and the relative negotiating strength of the Registrant and such promoters.
It is likely that the Registrant will
acquire its participation in a business opportunity through the issuance of common stock or other securities of the Registrant.
Although the terms of any such transaction cannot be predicted, it should be noted that in certain circumstances the criteria for
determining whether or not an acquisition is a so-called “tax free” reorganization under Section 368(a)(1) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), depends upon whether the owners of the acquired business own 80% or
more of the voting stock of the surviving entity. If a transaction were structured to take advantage of these provisions rather
than other “tax free” provisions provided under the Code, all prior stockholders would in such circumstances retain
20% or less of the total issued and outstanding shares of the surviving entity. Under other circumstances, depending upon the relative
negotiating strength of the parties, prior stockholders may retain substantially less than 20% of the total issued and outstanding
shares of the surviving entity. This could result in substantial additional dilution to the equity of those who were stockholders
of the Registrant prior to such reorganization.
 

-6- 
[Table of Contents]

 
The present stockholders of the Registrant
will likely not have control of a majority of the voting shares of the Registrant following a reorganization transaction. As part
of such a transaction, all or a majority of the Registrant’s directors may resign and new directors may be appointed without
any vote by stockholders.
 
In the case of an acquisition, the transaction
may be accomplished upon the sole determination of management without any vote or approval by stockholders. In the case of a statutory
merger or consolidation directly involving us, it will likely be necessary to call a stockholders’ meeting and obtain the
approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares. The necessity to obtain such stockholder approval may result in
delay and additional expense in the consummation of any proposed transaction and will also give rise to certain appraisal rights
to dissenting stockholders. Most likely, management will seek to structure any such transaction so as not to require stockholder
approval.
 
It is anticipated that the investigation
of specific business opportunities and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and
other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial cost for accountants, attorneys and others.
If a decision is made not to participate in a specific business opportunity, the costs theretofore incurred in the related investigation
would not be recoverable. Furthermore, even if an agreement is reached for the participation in a specific business opportunity,
the failure to consummate that transaction may result in the loss to the Registrant of the related costs incurred.
 
We presently have no employees. Our officer
and director is engaged in outside business activities and anticipate that he will devote to our business only several hours per
week until the acquisition of a successful business opportunity has been consummated. We expect no significant changes in the number
of our employees other than such changes, if any, incident to a business combination.
 
Item 1A. Risk Factors.
 
Risk Factors
 
An investment in the company is highly speculative in nature
and involves an extremely high degree of risk.
 
Our Business Is Difficult To Evaluate Because We Have No
Operating History.
 
As we have no operating history or revenue
and only minimal assets, there is a risk that we will be unable to continue as a going concern and consummate a business combination.
We have had no recent operating history nor any revenues or earnings from operations since inception. We have no significant assets
or financial resources. We will, in all likelihood, sustain operating expenses without corresponding revenues, at least until the
consummation of a business combination. This may result in our incurring a net operating loss that will increase continuously until
we can consummate a business combination with a profitable business opportunity. We cannot assure you that we can identify a suitable
business opportunity and consummate a business combination.
 
There Is Competition For Those Private Companies Suitable
For A Merger Transaction Of The Type Contemplated By Management.
 
We are in a highly competitive market
for a small number of business opportunities which could reduce the likelihood of consummating a successful business combination.
We are and will continue to be an insignificant participant in the business of seeking mergers with, joint ventures with and acquisitions
of small private and public entities. A large number of established and well-financed entities, including small public companies
and venture capital firms, are active in mergers and acquisitions of companies that may be desirable target candidates for us.
Nearly all these entities have significantly greater financial resources, technical expertise and managerial capabilities than
we do; consequently, we will be at a competitive disadvantage in identifying possible business opportunities and successfully completing
a business combination. These competitive factors may reduce the likelihood of our identifying and consummating a successful business
combination.
 

-7- 
[Table of Contents]

 
Future Success Is Highly Dependent On The Ability Of Management
To Locate And Attract A Suitable Acquisition.
 
The nature of our operations is highly
speculative and there is a consequent risk of loss of your investment. The success of our plan of operation will depend to a great
extent on the operations, financial condition and management of the identified business opportunity. While management intends to
seek business combination(s) with entities having established operating histories, we cannot assure you that we will be successful
in locating candidates meeting that criterion. In the event we complete a business combination, the success of our operations may
be dependent upon management of the successor firm or venture partner firm and numerous other factors beyond our control.
 
The Company Has No Existing Agreement For A Business Combination
Or Other Transaction.
 
We have no arrangement, agreement or
understanding with respect to engaging in a merger with, joint venture with or acquisition of, a private or public entity. No assurances
can be given that we will successfully identify and evaluate suitable business opportunities or that we will conclude a business
combination. Management has not identified any particular industry or specific business within an industry for evaluation. We cannot
guarantee that we will be able to negotiate a business combination on favorable terms, and there is consequently a risk that funds
allocated to the purchase of our shares will not be invested in a company with active business operations.
 
Management Intends To Devote Only A Limited Amount Of Time
To Seeking A Target Company Which May Adversely Impact Our Ability To Identify A Suitable Acquisition Candidate.
 
While seeking a business combination,
management anticipates devoting no more than a few hours per week to our affairs. Our officers have not entered into written employment
agreements with us and are not expected to do so in the foreseeable future. This limited commitment may adversely impact our ability
to identify and consummate a successful business combination.
 
The Time And Cost Of Preparing A Private Company To Become
A Public Reporting Company May Preclude Us From Entering Into A Merger Or Acquisition With The Most Attractive Private Companies.
 
Target companies that fail to comply
with SEC reporting requirements may delay or preclude acquisition. Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act require reporting
companies to provide certain information about significant acquisitions, including certified financial statements for the company
acquired, covering one, two, or three years, depending on the relative size of the acquisition. The time and additional costs that
may be incurred by some target entities to prepare these statements may significantly delay or essentially preclude consummation
of an acquisition. Otherwise suitable acquisition prospects that do not have or are unable to obtain the required audited statements
may be inappropriate for acquisition so long as the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act are applicable.
 
The Company May Be Subject To Further Government Regulation
Which Would Adversely Affect Our Operations.
 
Although we will be subject to the reporting
requirements under the Exchange Act, management believes we will not be subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act
of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”), since we will not be engaged in the business of investing or trading
in securities. If we engage in business combinations which result in our holding passive investment interests in a number of entities,
we could be subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act. If so, we would be required to register as an investment company
and could be expected to incur significant registration and compliance costs. We have obtained no formal determination from the
Securities and Exchange Commission as to our status under the Investment Company Act and, consequently, violation of the Act could
subject us to material adverse consequences.
 

-8- 
[Table of Contents]

 
Any Potential Acquisition Or Merger With A Foreign Company
May Subject Us To Additional Risks.
 
If we enter into a business combination
with a foreign concern, we will be subject to risks inherent in business operations outside of the United States. These risks include,
for example, currency fluctuations, regulatory problems, punitive tariffs, unstable local tax policies, trade embargoes, risks
related to shipment of raw materials and finished goods across national borders and cultural and language differences. Foreign
economies may differ favorably or unfavorably from the United States economy in growth of gross national product, rate of inflation,
market development, rate of savings, and capital investment, resource self-sufficiency and balance of payments positions, and in
other respects.
 
There Is Currently No Trading Market For Our Common Stock.
 
Outstanding shares of our Common Stock
cannot be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred unless subsequently registered pursuant to, or exempt from registration
under, the Securities Act and any other applicable federal or state securities laws or regulations. These restrictions will limit
the ability of our stockholders to liquidate their investment.
 
 
Our Business Will Have No Revenues Unless And Until We
Merge With Or Acquire An Operating Business.
 
We are a development stage company and
have had no revenues from operations. We may not realize any revenues unless and until we successfully merge with or acquire an
operating business.
 
The Company Intends To Issue More Shares In A Merger Or
Acquisition, Which Will Result In Substantial Dilution.
 
Our certificate of incorporation authorizes
the issuance of a maximum of 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock, as amended, and a maximum of 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock.
Any merger or acquisition effected by us may result in the issuance of additional securities without stockholder approval and may
result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing stockholders. Moreover, the common
stock issued in any such merger or acquisition transaction may be valued on an arbitrary or non-arm’s-length basis by our
management, resulting in an additional reduction in the percentage of common stock held by our then existing stockholders. Our
Board of Directors has the power to issue any or all of such authorized but unissued shares without stockholder approval. To the
extent that additional shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock are issued in connection with a business combination or otherwise,
dilution to the interests of our stockholders will occur and the rights of the holders of Common Stock might be materially adversely
affected.
 
The Company Has Conducted No Market Research Or Identification
Of Business Opportunities, Which May Affect Our Ability To Identify A Business To Merge With Or Acquire.
 
We have neither conducted nor have others
made available to us results of market research concerning prospective business opportunities. Therefore, we have no assurances
that market demand exists for a merger or acquisition as contemplated by us. Our management has not identified any specific business
combination or other transactions for formal evaluation by us, such that it may be expected that any such target business or transaction
will present such a level of risk that conventional private or public offerings of securities or conventional bank financing will
not be available. There is no assurance that we will be able to acquire a business opportunity on terms favorable to us. Decisions
as to which business opportunity to participate in will be unilaterally made by our management, which may act without the consent,
vote or approval of our stockholders.
 

-9- 
[Table of Contents]

 
Because We May Seek To Complete A
Business Combination Through A “Reverse Merger”, Following Such A Transaction We May Not Be Able To Attract The Attention
Of Major Brokerage Firms.
 
Additional risks may exist since we will
assist a privately held business to become public through a “reverse merger.” Securities analysts of major brokerage
firms may not provide coverage of our Company since there is no incentive to brokerage firms to recommend the purchase of our common
stock. No assurance can be given that brokerage firms will want to conduct any secondary offerings on behalf of our post-merger
company in the future.
 
We Cannot Assure You That Following A Business Combination
With An Operating Business; Our Common Stock Will Be Listed On NASDAQ Or Any Other Securities Exchange.
 
Following a business combination, we
may seek the listing of our common stock on NASDAQ or the American Stock Exchange. However, we cannot assure you that following
such a transaction, we will be able to meet the initial listing standards of either of those or any other stock exchange, or that
we will be able to maintain a listing of our common stock on either of those or any other stock exchange. After completing a business
combination, until our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ or another stock exchange, we expect that our common stock would be
eligible to trade on the OTC Bulletin Board, another over-the-counter quotation system, or on the “pink sheets,” where
our stockholders may find it more difficult to dispose of shares or obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our common
stock. In addition, we would be subject to an SEC rule that, if it failed to meet the criteria set forth in such rule, imposes
various practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell securities governed by the rule to persons other than established customers
and accredited investors. Consequently, such rule may deter broker-dealers from recommending or selling our common stock, which
may further affect its liquidity. This would also make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital following a business
combination.
 
 
There Is No Public Market For Our Common Stock, Nor Have
We Ever Paid Dividends On Our Common Stock.
 
There is no public trading market for
our common stock and none is expected to develop in the foreseeable future unless and until we complete a business combination
with an operating business and such business files a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
 
Additionally, we have never paid dividends
on our Common Stock and do not presently intend to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that any funds available
for payment of dividends will be re-invested into the Company to further its business strategy.
 
Authorization of Preferred Stock.
 
Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes
the issuance of up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock with designations, rights and preferences determined from time to time
by its Board of Directors. Accordingly, our Board of Directors is empowered, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock
with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting, or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of
the holders of the common stock. In the event of issuance, the preferred stock could be utilized, under certain circumstances,
as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company. Although we have no present intention to
issue any shares of its authorized preferred stock, there can be no assurance that we will not do so in the future.
 
Control by Management.

Management
does not directly control of all the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company. Abina Asean, Co. Ltd an entity
owned and controlled by our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Andrew Khor Poh Kiang holds 79% of our outstanding
common stock. Additionally, ABINA Company Ltd recently acquired 1,000,000 shares of common stock from a former shareholder. Both
Abina Asean Co. Ltd and ABINA Company Ltd. are controlled by Andrew Khor Poh Kiang and his wife, Manichan Khor. Therefore, our
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Andrew Khor Poh Kiang is an indirect owner of 89% of our common stock through
these controlled entities. Consequently, he has the ability to control the operations of the Company and will have the ability
to control substantially all matters submitted to stockholders for approval, including:

 

-10- 
[Table of Contents]

 


•
Election of the board of directors;

 
 

•
Removal of any directors;

 
 

•
Amendment of the Company’s certificate of incorporation or bylaws; and

 
 

•
Adoption of measures that could delay or prevent a change in control or impede a merger, takeover or other business combination.

 

Abina
Asean Co Ltd and ABINA Company Ltd both an entities owned and controlled by our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman,
Andrew Khor Poh Kiang and his wife Manichan Khor are indirect beneficial owner of 9,000,000 shares, or 89% of our common stock.
Accordingly, this concentration of ownership by itself may have the effect of impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other
business consolidation, or discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer for the common stock.
 
This Report Contains Forward-Looking
Statements And Information Relating To Us, Our Industry And To Other Businesses.
 
These forward-looking statements are
based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to our management. When
used in this Form 10-K, the words “estimate,” “project,” “believe,” “anticipate,”
“intend,” “expect” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements
reflect our current views with respect to future events and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results
to differ materially from those contemplated in our forward-looking statements. We caution you not to place undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Form 10-K. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly release
any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Form 10-K or to reflect
the occurrence of unanticipated events.
 
Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments.
 
None.
 
Item 2.   Description of Property.
 
We maintain a virtual office space at
our location 424 Clay Street, Lower Level, San Francisco, CA 94111. We do not own any properties. We currently have no policy with
respect to investments or interests in real estate, real estate mortgages or securities of, or interests in, persons primarily
engaged in real estate activities.
 
Item 3.   Legal Proceedings.
 
There are not presently any material
pending legal proceedings to which the Registrant is a party or as to which any of its property is subject, and no such proceedings
are known to the Registrant to be threatened or contemplated against it.
 
Item 4.   Mine Safety Disclosures.
 
Not applicable.
 

-11- 
[Table of Contents]

 
PART II
 
Item 5.   Market for Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Small Business Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
 
Common Stock
 
Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes
the issuance of up to 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $.0001 per share (the “Common Stock”) as amended.
The Common Stock is not listed on a publicly-traded market or exchange. As of December 31, 2016, there were4 holders of record
of the Common Stock.
 
Preferred Stock
 
Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes
the issuance of up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.0001 per share (the “Preferred Stock”). The
Company has not yet issued any of its preferred stock.
 
Dividends
 
We have not paid any dividends on our
common stock to date and do not intend to pay dividends prior to the completion of a business combination. The payment of dividends
in the future will be contingent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent
to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be within the discretion
of our then board of directors. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in
our business operations and, accordingly, our board does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future.
 
Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation
Plans
 
The Company does not have any equity
compensation plans or any individual compensation arrangements with respect to its common stock or preferred stock. The issuance
of any of our common or preferred stock is within the discretion of our Board of Directors, which has the power to issue any or
all of our authorized but unissued shares without stockholder approval.
 
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities
 

On January 19, 2017, Toh Kean Ban sold
1,000,000 shares of our common stock at $0.00225 to ABINA Company Ltd., a corporation controlled by our President, CEO and Chairman,
Andrew Khor Poh Kiang and his wife, Manichan Khor.

 

-12- 
[Table of Contents]

 
Both parties relied upon Section 4(2) of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended for the above issuances. We believed that Section 4(2) was available because:
 


 
•
None of these issuances involved underwriters, underwriting discounts or commissions;

 
 
 

 
•
We placed restrictive legends on all certificates issued;

 
 
 

 
•
No sales were made by general solicitation or advertising;

 
 
 

 
•
Sales were made only to accredited investors

 
In connection with the above transactions, we provided the
following to all investors:
 


 
•
Access to all our books and records.

 
 
 

 
•
Access to all material contracts and documents relating to our operations.

 
 
 

 
•
The opportunity to obtain any additional information, to the extent we possessed such information, necessary to verify the accuracy of the information to which the investors were given access.

 
The Company may develop its business
plan by future acquisitions or mergers but no agreements have been reached regarding any acquisition or other business combination.
If the Company makes any acquisitions, mergers or other business combination, the Company will file a Form 8-K but until such
time the Company remains a shell company.
 
The Company’s Board of Directors
has the power to issue any or all of the authorized but unissued Common Stock without stockholder approval. The Company currently
has no commitments to issue any shares of common stock. However, the Company will, in all likelihood, issue a substantial number
of additional shares in connection with a business combination. Since the Company expects to issue additional shares of common
stock in connection with a business combination, existing stockholders of the Company may experience substantial dilution in their
shares. However, it is impossible to predict whether a business combination will ultimately result in dilution to existing shareholders.
If the target has a relatively weak balance sheet, a business combination may result in significant dilution. If a target has a
relatively strong balance sheet, there may be little or no dilution.
 
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
 
None.
 
Item 6.  Selected Financial Data
 
As a “smaller reporting company” as defined by
Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide this information.
 
Item 7.   Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operation.
 
 
ANDES 7 Inc. has no operations nor does
it currently engage in any business activities generating revenues. ANDES 7 Inc's principal business objective is to achieve a
business combination with a target company.
 
Operating Expenses
 
General and administrative expenses were
$20,181 for the year ended December 31, 2016 compared to $3,869 for the period from July 27, 2015 (inception) through
December 31, 2015. General and administrative expense consists of professional fees related to the requirements of SEC filings.
 

-13- 
[Table of Contents]

 
Net Loss
 
Net loss for the year ended December
31, 2016 was $20,181 compared to $3,869 for the period from July 27, 2015 (inception) through December 31, 2015. Net loss is due
to general and administrative expenses as discussed above.
 
ANDES 7 Inc. ("Company" or
the "Registrant") was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on July 27, 2015 and has been inactive since
inception. On February 12, 2016, following the entry of (a) the Consent in Lieu of Shareholder
Meeting, and the (b) Resolutions of the Board of Directors, and (c) Resolutions of the Board of Directors all dated on February
12, 2016, the following events occurred which resulted in a change of control of the Company. The Company redeemed an aggregate
of 9,900,000 from its former sole shareholder of the then 10,000,000 shares of outstanding stock held at a redemption price of
$0.0001 per share for an aggregate redemption price of $990. The former sole shareholder proceeded to resign from his director
and officer positions. As the sole shareholder at the time, and prior to his resignation as the sole director, former sole shareholder
appointed Andrew Khor Poh Kiang to serve as director on the Board of Directors.
 
The Company intends to serve as a vehicle
to effect an asset acquisition, merger, exchange of capital stock or other business combination with a domestic or foreign business.
ANDES 7 Inc. has been in the developmental stage since inception and its operations to date have been limited to issuing shares
to its original shareholders and filing a registration statement. ANDES 7 Inc. has been formed to provide a method for a foreign
or domestic private company to become a reporting company with a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934. 
 
The Company registered its common stock
on a Form 10 registration statement filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") and Rule
12(g) thereof. The Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission periodic and current reports under Rule 13(a) of the
Exchange Act, including quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and annual reports Form 10-K.
 

To become a publicly-traded company,
ANDES 7 Inc. may file a registration statement; most likely on Form S-1, or alternatively that a company first effect a business
combination with ANDES 7 Inc. and then subsequently file a registration statement. A company may choose to effect a business combination
with ANDES 7 Inc. before filing a registration statement.
 
If a target company chooses to enter
into business combination with ANDES 7 Inc., the registration statement will be prepared after such business combination. The terms
of a business combination may provide for redemption of all or part of their stock in ANDES 7 Inc., usually at par.
 
A combination will normally take the
form of a merger, stock-for-stock exchange or stock-for-assets exchange. In most instances the target company will wish to structure
the business combination to be within the definition of a tax-free reorganization under Section 351 or Section 368 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
  
No assurances can be given that ANDES
7 Inc. will be successful in locating or negotiating with any target company.
 
The most likely target companies are
those seeking the perceived benefits of a reporting corporation. Such perceived benefits may include facilitating or improving
the terms on which additional equity financing may be sought, providing liquidity for incentive stock options or similar benefits
to key employees, increasing the opportunity to use securities for acquisitions, providing liquidity for shareholders and other
factors. Business opportunities may be available in many different industries and at various stages of development, all of which
will make the task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities difficult and complex.
  

-14- 
[Table of Contents]

 
In analyzing prospective business opportunities,
management may consider such matters as the available technical, financial and managerial resources; working capital and other
financial requirements; history of operations, if any; prospects for the future; nature of present and expected competition; the
quality and experience of management services which may be available and the depth of that management; the potential for further
research, development, or exploration; specific risk factors not now foreseeable but which may be anticipated; the potential for
growth or expansion; the potential for profit; the perceived public recognition or acceptance of products, services, or trades;
name identification; and other relevant factors. This discussion of the proposed criteria is not meant to be restrictive of the
virtually unlimited discretion of the Company to search for and enter into potential business opportunities.
 
The search for a target company will
not be restricted to any specific kind of business entities, but may acquire a venture which is in its preliminary or development
stage, which is already in operation, or in essentially any stage of its business life. It is impossible to predict at this time
the status of any business in which the Company may become engaged, whether such business may need to seek additional capital,
may desire to have its shares publicly traded, or may seek other perceived advantages which the Company may offer.
 
In implementing a structure for a particular
business acquisition, the Company may become a party to a merger, consolidation, reorganization, joint venture, licensing agreement
or other arrangement with another corporation or entity. On the consummation of a transaction, it is likely that the present management
and shareholders of the Company will no longer be in control of the Company. In addition, it is likely that the officer and director
of the Company will, as part of the terms of the business combination, resign and be replaced by one or more new officers and directors.
 
It is anticipated that any securities
issued in any such business combination would be issued in reliance upon exemption from registration under applicable federal and
state securities laws. In some circumstances, however, as a negotiated element of its transaction, the Company may agree to register
all or a part of such securities immediately after the transaction is consummated or at specified times thereafter. If such registration
occurs, it will be undertaken by the surviving entity after the Company has entered into an agreement for a business combination
or has consummated a business combination. The issuance of additional securities and their potential sale into any trading market
which may develop in the Company's securities may depress the market value of the Company's securities in the future if such a
market develops, of which there is no assurance.
 
While the terms of a business transaction
to which the Company may be a party cannot be predicted, it is expected that the parties to the business transaction will desire
to avoid the creation of a taxable event and thereby structure the acquisition in a tax-free reorganization under Sections 351
or 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
  
The Company will participate in a business
combination after the negotiation and execution of appropriate agreements. Although the terms of such agreements cannot be predicted,
generally such agreements will require certain representations and warranties of the parties thereto, will specify certain events
of default, will detail the terms of closing and the conditions which must be satisfied by the parties prior to and after such
closing and will include miscellaneous other terms.
  
The Board of Directors has passed a resolution
which contains a policy that the Company will not seek a business combination with any entity in which the Company's officer, director,
shareholder serves as an officer or director or holds any ownership interest.
 
2016 Year-End Analysis 
 
The Company has received no income, has
had no operations nor expenses, other than Delaware state fees and incorporation and accounting fees as required for incorporation
and for the preparation of the Company's financial statements. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had not generated revenues
and had no income or cash flows from operations since inception. At December 31, 2016, the Company had sustained a net loss of
$20,181.
 

-15- 
[Table of Contents]

 
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
 
The Company does not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the Company’s financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources
that is material to investors.
 
Contractual Obligations
 
As a “smaller reporting company” as defined by
Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide this information.
 
Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk.
 
As a “smaller reporting company” as defined by
Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide this information.
 
Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data.
 
Please see the financial statements beginning on page F-1
located elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K and incorporated herein by reference.
 
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on
Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
 
There are not and have not been any disagreements between
the Company and its accountants on any matter of accounting principles, practices or financial statement disclosure.
 
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.
 
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
The Company’s management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company
files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the
Commission’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act
is accumulated and communicated to the issuer’s management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal
financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.
 
In accordance with Exchange Act Rules
13a-15 and 15d-15, an evaluation was completed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company’s management,
including the Company’s President, Principal Financial Officer and Secretary, of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on that
evaluation, the Company’s sole officer concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective
in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the Company’s reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act was recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission’s
rules and forms.
 
Evaluation of Internal Controls over Financial Reporting
 
This annual report does not include a
report of management’s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of the company’s
registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission for
newly public companies.
 

-16- 
[Table of Contents]

 
Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting
 
There have been no significant changes
to the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter of the year ended
December 31, 2016, that materially affected, or were reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial
reporting.
 
Item 9B. Other Information.
 
Not applicable.
 

-17- 
[Table of Contents]

 
PART III
 
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
 
A. Identification of Directors and Officers. The current officers
and directors will serve for one year or until their respective successors are elected and qualified. They are:
 
 


Name
 
Age
 
Position

Executive Officers
 
 
 
 
 

Andrew Khor Poh Kiang
 
 
49
 
   President, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman

Lee Kok Keing
 
 
54
 
   Chief Financial Officer

Dr. Eric Chin Tek Mun
 
 
46
 
   Chief Operations Officer

Jannie Gui Honey  
 
 
47
 
   Secretary

Dr. Ng Mooi Eng
 
 
49
 
   Treasurer

 
  
Biographical
Information for Andrew Khor Poh Kiang
 
Andrew Khor Poh Kiang, Age 49, President,
Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board of Directors From 2000 to 2002, Mr. Khor was the assistant to Consul General Mr.
Wan Jaafar Wan Noor from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Malaysia in Thailand. From 2002 to 2006, Mr. Khor was managing SAG Group
Company Limited in Thailand, a mining company he controlled that supplied iron ore to China. From 2006 to present, Mr. Khor has
been involved in the High Technology area through " The Super Conductivity Maglev System " of Japan Flagship Group "
or known as FSG, as its South East Asia Representative, dealing with local governments in South East Asia for the " HIGH SPEED
SURFACE TRAIN  " and also appointed by STAR CRUISES, Berjaya Group and Tanjung Rhu Resorts as human resources trainer
in hospitality and residential property development. Mr. Khor is the President of Abina Asean Co., Ltd. Mr. Khor holds a Masters
of Business Administration from ICS Singapore. 
 
Biographical Information for Lee Kok
Keing
 
Lee
Kok Keing, Age 54, Chief Financial Officer




Mr.
Lee began his career in banking and finance with RHB Bank Berhad from 1979 to 2006, he held various positions and served as branch
manager for a few years. From 2006 to 2015, he joined RHB Investment Bank Berhad (formerly OSK Investment Bank) and served in several
executive positions as head of branch. 

Biographical Information for Dr.
Eric Chin Tek Mun
 
Dr. Eric Chin
Tek Mun, Age 46, Chief Operations Officer
 
From 2005 to 2011 Dr. Chin was the founder
of PDS Group Univision International, an investment and risk management consultancy to government owned entities and to private
high net worth individuals. From 2011 to 2014, he became the Chief Operating Officer of Heyu Leisure Holidays Corporation and from
2014 to 2015, he maintains a position as the Chief Operating Officer of Abina Holding Co. Ltd.
 

-18- 
[Table of Contents]

 
Biographical
Information for Jannie Gui Honey 
 
Jannie Gui Honey, Age 47, Secretary
 
Ms. Honey was employed by NBE Construction
Sdn Bhd for 27 years as an Accounts Clerk; she worked as Sales Manager for Vanhoden Sdn Bhd from 2005 to 2010 and as its Operating
Manager from 2010 to 2014. Most recently, she has held the position of Secretary for Abina Company Limited from 2015 to present.
 
Biographical Information for Dr.
Ng Mooi Eng
 
Dr. Ng Mooi Eng, Age 49, Treasurer

Dr. Ng has 25 years experience in business managing branding and franchising of women's wear apparel for V-Up Advance Sdn Bhd.
Dr. Eng holds a master’s and doctorate in business administration from Ansted University.
 
 
B. Significant
Employees.
 
As of the date hereof, the Company has no significant employees.
 
C. Family Relationships.
 
There are no family relationships among directors, executive
officers, or persons nominated or chosen by the issuer to become directors or executive officers.
 
D. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings.
 
There have been no events under any bankruptcy act, no criminal
proceedings and no judgments, injunctions, orders or decrees material to the evaluation of the ability and integrity of any director,
executive officer, promoter or control person of Registrant during the past five years.
 
 
Code of Ethics
 
We have not adopted a Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or
controller, or persons performing similar functions in that our sole officer and director serve in these capacities.
  
Nominating Committee
 
We have not adopted any procedures by which security holders
may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors. 
 
Audit Committee
 
The Board of Directors acts as the audit
committee. The Company does not have a qualified financial expert at this time because it has not been able to hire a qualified
candidate. Further, the Company believes that it has inadequate financial resources at this time to hire such an expert. The Company
intends to continue to search for a qualified individual for hire.
 
Item 11.   Executive Compensation.
 
Our officer and director does not receive
any compensation for services rendered to the Company since inception, has not received such compensation in the past, and is not
accruing any compensation pursuant to any agreement with the Company. No remuneration of any nature has been paid for or on account
of services rendered by a director in such capacity. Our officers and directors intend to devote no more than (25) twenty-five
hours per week to our affairs.

-19- 
[Table of Contents]

 
 
Our officers and directors will not receive
any finder’s fee, either directly or indirectly, as a result of any efforts to implement our business plan outlined herein.
 
It is possible that, after we successfully
consummates a business combination with an unaffiliated entity, that entity may desire to employ or retain one or a number of members
of our management for the purposes of providing services to the surviving entity. However, we have adopted a policy whereby the
offer of any post-transaction employment to members of management will not be a consideration in our decision whether to undertake
any proposed transaction.
 
No retirement, pension, profit sharing,
stock option or insurance programs or other similar programs have been adopted for the benefit of its employees.
 
There are no understandings or agreements
regarding compensation our management will receive after a business combination that is required to be included in this table,
or otherwise.
 
Director Compensation
 
We do not currently pay any cash fees
to our directors, nor do we pay directors’ expenses in attending board meetings.
 
Employment Agreements
 
The Company is not a party to any employment agreements.
 
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.
 

The following table sets forth, as of
as of the date of this filing, May 4, 2017, the number of shares of Common Stock owned of record and beneficially by executive
officers, directors and persons who hold 5% or more of the outstanding Common Stock of the Company. Also included are the shares
held by all executive officers and directors as a group.
 


Name
    and Address of Beneficial Owner
Title
    of Class
Amount
                                         and Nature of
Beneficial
        Ownership
Percent
    of Class

Abina
    Asean, Co. Ltd. (Republic of Seychelles)
Common
    Stock
8,000,000
 
79%

ABINA
    Company Ltd. 
Common
    Stock
1,000,000
 
10%

Dr.
    Ir. H.M. Itoc Tochija
Common
    Stock
1,000,000
 
10%

 
 
 
 
 

Officers
    and directors as a group
 
 0
 
0% 
 


	       
(1) Abina Asean Co. Ltd and ABINA Company Ltd. are entities
controlled by our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Andrew Khor Poh Kiang. (2) 10,100,000 shares of common stock
outstanding as of December 31, 2016, and May 4, 2017.
 

 


-20- 
[Table of Contents]

 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.
 

Except as otherwise indicated herein,
there have been no related party transactions, or any other transactions or relationships required to be disclosed pursuant to
Item 404 of Regulation S-K.

 
Director Independence
 
None.
 
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees
and Services.
 
The following table sets forth the aggregate
fees billed to us for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 by our independent auditing firm, De Leon & Co, P.A..
 


 
1)
Audit Fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the interim financial statements included in quarterly reports and services that are normally provided by our accountants in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements.

 


 
2)
Audit-Related Fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under “Audit Fees.” This category includes fees related to due diligence services pertaining to potential business acquisitions/disposition; and consultation regarding accounting or disclosure treatment of transactions or events and/or the actual or potential impact of final or proposed rules, standard or interpretation by the SEC, FASB or other regulatory or standard-setting bodies as well as general assistance with implementation of the requirements of SEC rules or listing standards promulgated pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

 


 
3)
Tax Fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. These services include assistance regarding federal, state and local tax compliance, planning and advice.

 


 
4)
All Other Fees consist of fees for products and services other than the services reported above.

 
Our Board of Directors is responsible
for approving all Audit, Audit-Related, Tax and Other Services. The Board of Directors pre-approves all auditing services and permitted
non-audit services, including all fees and terms to be performed for us by our independent registered public accounting firm at
the beginning of the fiscal year. Non-audit services are reviewed and pre-approved by project at the beginning of the fiscal year.
Any additional non-audit services contemplated by the Company after the beginning of the fiscal year are submitted to the Board
of Directors for pre-approval prior to engaging the independent auditor for such services.
 
Audit Fees
 
The aggregate fees incurred for the period,
July 27, 2015 through December 31, 2016 for professional services rendered by the independent registered public accounting firm
for the audit of the Company's annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in the Company's Form 10-K
and Form 10-Q reports and services normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements were $10,250.
 
Audit Related Fees
None
Tax Fees
 
There were no fees billed by De Leon & Co, P.A. for professional
services for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016.
 
All Other Fees
 
There were no fees billed by De Leon & Co, P.A. for other
products and services for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016.
 
Audit Committee’s Pre-Approval Process
 
The Board of Directors acts as the audit committee of the
Company, and accordingly, all services are approved by all the members of the Board of Directors.
 

-21- 
[Table of Contents]

 
PART IV
 
Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules.
 


(a)  
Exhibits:

 


Exhibit
Exhibit Description
Filed herewith
Form
Period ending
Exhibit


 
3.1

 
Certificate of Incorporation
 

 
10
 

 
3.1

3.2
By-Laws
 
10
 
3.2

3.3
Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation, dated February 25, 2016
 
8-K
 
3.3

4.1
Specimen Stock Certificate
 
10
 
4.1

99.1
Consent in Lieu of Shareholder Meeting, dated, February 12, 2016 
 
8-K
 
99.1

99.2
Resolutions of the Board of Directors, dated, February 12, 2016
 
8-K
 
99.2

99.3 
Resolutions of the Board of Directors, dated, February 12, 2016 
 
8-K
 
99.3

99.4
Stock Subscription Agreement, Abina Asean Co. Ltd.
 
8-K 
 
99.4

99.5
Stock Subscription Agreement, Toh Kean Ban 
 
8-K
 
99.5

99.6
Stock Subscription Agreement, Dr. Ir. H.M Itoc Tochija
 
8-K
 
99.6

31
Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

 
X
 
 
 

32
Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

 
X
 
 
 

101.INS
XBRL
    Instance Document
X
 
 
 

101.SCH
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
X
 
 
 

101.CAL
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
X
 
 
 

101.LAB
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document
X
 
 
 

101.PRE
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document
X
 
 
 

101.DEF
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Definition
X
 
 
 




 
(b) The following documents are filed as part of the report:
 
1. Financial Statements: Balance Sheet, Statement of Operations,
Statement of Stockholder’s Equity, Statement of Cash Flows, and Notes to Financial Statements.
 
We are an inactive entity as defined by Section 3-11 of Regulation
S-X. Accordingly, the financial statements required for purposes of reports pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are
unaudited. 

-22- 
[Table of Contents]

 
SIGNATURES
In accordance
with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the Registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized.
 
ANDES 7
INC.
 
Dated:
May 4, 2017


 
 

 
 
 

 
By:
/s/ Andrew Khor Poh Kiang

 
 

Andrew Khor Poh Kiang
President, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board
        of Directors

 
 
 

 
By:
/s/ Lee Kok Keing

 
 

Lee Kok Keing
Chief Financial Officer

 
 
In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated.
 


 Name
 
Title
 
Date
 

 
 
 
 
 
 

By: /s/ Andrew Khor Poh Kiang 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chairman of the Board of Directors
 
May
    4, 2017
 

 
 
 

-23- 
[Table of Contents]

 
 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Contents
 


Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
F-1 
 

 
 
 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 
F-2 
 

 
 
 

Statements of Operations for years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015
F-3 
 

 
 
 

Statements of Cash Flows for years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015
F-4 
 

 
 
 

Notes to Financial Statements
F-5 
 

 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

-24- 
[Table of Contents]

 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM
 
 
To the Board of Directors of Andes 7, Inc.
We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Andes 7, Inc. as of December 31, 2016 & 2015 and the related statements of operations, shareholders’equity and cash
flows for the two years then ended. Andes 7 Inc.’s management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.We were not engaged to examine management’s assertion
about the effectiveness ofAndes 7, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016.
 
We conducted our audit in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company’s internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable
basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the financial statements referred
to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Andes 7, Inc.as of December 31, 2016 and 2015,and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then endedin conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America.
The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the
Company’s ability to raise additional capital through debt and/or equity financing to fund its operating costs is unknown,
which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plan in regard to these matters
are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty.
 


De
        Leon & Company, P.A.
Pembroke Pines, Florida

April 14, 2017
 

 

 
 

 
 

 
 

 
 
  
 

F-1 
[Financial Index]

 
 
 
ANDES
7 Inc. 
Balance Sheets  


 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 December 31,
2016
 
 

December 31,
 2015

ASSETS
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Current Assets:
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Cash
 
 
$
—  
 
 
$
—  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Total Current Assets
 
 
—  
 
 
—  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

TOTAL ASSETS
 
 
$
—  
 
 
$
—  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

LIABILITIES & STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Current Liabilities:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Due to a related party
 
 
$
990
 
 
$
—  

Accounts payable
 
 
 
—  
 
 
 
1,619

Total Current Liabilities
 
 
 
990
 
 
 
1,619

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

   TOTAL LIABILITIES
 
 
 
990
 
 
 
1,619

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Shareholders' Deficit:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value, 5,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
—  

Common stock $0.0001 par value, 1,000,000,000 shares authorized; 10,100,000 and 10,000,000 shares issued and outstanding, respectively
 
 
 
1,010
 
 
 
1,000

Stock subscription receivable
 
 
 
(1,000)
 
 
 
—  

Additional paid-in capital
 
 
 
23,050
 
 
 
1,250

Accumulated deficit
 
 
 
(24,050)
 
 
 
(3,869)

Total Stockholders’ Deficit
 
 
 
(990)
 
 
 
(1,619)

TOTAL LIABILITIES & STOCKHOLDERS’ DEFICIT
 
 
$
—  
 
 
$
—  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these financial statements.
 
 

F-2 
[Financial Index]

 

ANDES
7 Inc. 
Statement
of Operations
 




 
 
 

For the Year Ended
December 31,2016
 
From July 27, 2015 (inception) through December 31, 2015

Revenue
$
- 
$
-

 
 
 
 
 

Operating Expenses:
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

General and administrative 
 
20,181
 
3,869

 
 
 
 
 

Total operating expenses
 
20,181
 
3,869

 
 
 
 
 

Net loss from operations
$
(20,181)
$
(3,869)

Loss before income taxes
 
(20,181)
 
(3,869)

Provision for income taxes
 
-
 
-

Net Loss
$
(20,181)
$
(3,869)

Basic loss per share
$
(0.00)
$
(0.00)

 
 
 
 
 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding
 
10,088,493
 
10,100,000

 
 
 
 
 




The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these financial statements.
 
 
 
 
 

F-3 
[Financial Index]

 
 
 



ANDES
        7 Inc. 
        Statement of Stockholders’ Deficit
December 31, 2016
 

 
Common Stock

Additional
Paid-In
 
 
Stock Subscription
 
Accumulated Deficit
 
 
Total

 
Shares
 
Amount
 
Capital
 
 
Receivable
 
 

Balance at July 27, 2015 (inception)
 
-
 
$
-
 
$
-
 
$
-
$
-
 
$
-

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Issuance of common stock for compensation, related party
 
10,000,000
 
 
1,000
 
 
-
 
 
-
 
-
 
 
1,000

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Contributed capital
 
-
 
 
-
 
 
1,250
 
 
-
 
-
 
 
1,250

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2015
 
-
 
 
-
 
 
-
 
 
-
 
(3,869)
 
 
(3,869)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Balance at December 31, 2015
 
10,000,000
 
 
1,000
 
 
1,250
 
 
-
 
(3,869)
 
$
(1,619)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Contributed capital
 
-
 
 
-
 
 
21,800
 
 
-
 
-
 
 
21,800

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Common stock returned
 
(9,900,000)
 
 
(990)
 
 
-
 
 
-
 
-
 
 
(990)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Issuance of common stock for cash
 
10,000,000
 
 
1,000
 
 
-
 
 
(1,000)
 
-
 
 
-

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2016
 
-
 
 
-
 
 
-
 
 
-
 
(20,181)
 
 
(20,181)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Balance at December 31, 2016
 
10,100,000
 
$
1,010
 
$
23,050
 
$
(1,000)
$
(24,050)
 
$
(990)

 
 

F-4 
[Financial Index]

 
 
 


ANDES 7 Inc. 
Statement of Cash Flows

 
 

For the Year Ended
December 31,2016
 
From July 27, 2015 (inception) through December 31, 2015

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 

Net loss
 
$
(20,181)
 
$
(3,869)


Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net
cash used in operating activities:
 
 
 
 
 
 

Stock-based compensation - related party
 
 
—  
 
 
1,000

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
 
 
 
 
 
 

     Accounts payable
 
 
(1,619)
 
 
1,619

     Net cash used in operating activities
 
 
(21,800)
 
 
(1,250)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
 
 
—  
 
 
—  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
 
 
 
 
 
 

Contributed capital, related party
 
 
21,800
 
 
1,250

     Net cash provided by financing activities
 
 
21,800
 
 
1,250

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

    Net increase (decrease) in cash
 
 
—  
 
 
—  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

    Cash at beginning of year
 
 
—  
 
 
—  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

    Cash at end of year
 
$
—  
 
$
—  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION:
 
 
 
 
 
 

Cash paid for interest
 
$
—  
 
$
—  

Cash paid for taxes
 
$
—  
 
$
—  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 

NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITY:
 
 
 
 
 
 

Common stock issued to founder for services rendered 
 
$
 
 
$
1,000

Accounts payable credited to paid in capital
 
$
1,619
 
$
—  

Related party payable for stock redemption
 
$
990
 
$
—  

 
 
The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these financial statements.
 
 

F-5 
[Financial Index]

 
ANDES 7 Inc.
Notes to Financial Statements
December 31, 2016
 
 
NOTE
1 - DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND HISTORY
 
Description of business
ANDES 7 Inc., (the “Company”)
was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on July 27, 2015, and has been inactive since inception. The Company intends
to serve as a vehicle to effect an asset acquisition, merger, exchange of capital stock or other business combination with a domestic
or foreign business.
 
On February 12, 2016, the Company entered
into a Subscription Agreements with three subscribers for the issuance of its restricted common stock – Abina Asean, Co.
Ltd., an entity organized under the laws of the Republic of Seychelles (8,000,000 shares), Toh Kean Ban (1,000,000 shares) and
Dr. Ir. H.M. Itoc Tochija (1,000,000 shares). Each of the Subscription Agreements were the result of privately negotiated transactions
without the use of public dissemination of promotional or sales materials. Each of the buyers represented they were “accredited
investors,” and as such could bear the risk of such investment for an indefinite period of time and to afford a complete
loss thereof.
 
In addition, on February 12, 2016, Tech
Associates, Inc. (“Tech”) was engaged to provide advisory and consulting services. Tech’s compensation is not
based on the facilitation of or sale of securities; rather, Tech has been engaged to provide consulting services in the context
of a “going public” strategy. Tech’s sole shareholder is Richard Chiang, who is a former control person of the
Company by virtue of his prior controlling interest in the Company. In consideration of mutual releases between Richard Chiang
and the Company, Mr. Chiang consented to the Company’s redemption of 9,900,000 shares at par value, i.e. $990, which had
previously been issued to him in serving in director and officer capacities. The Company has no disputes or disagreements with
Mr. Chiang. In order to effectuate the redemption, Mr. Chiang agreed to return the stock certificate representing the 10,000,000
shares previously issued in consideration of the issuance of a new stock certificate representing 100,000 shares of restricted
common stock. Following the Consent, the Board of Directors accepted Mr. Chiang’s resignation from the Board of Directors
as being in the best interests of the Company, and proceeded to appoint Mr. Andrew Khor Poh Kiang as Chairman of the Board pursuant
to the Consent. In addition, Mr. Chiang resigned as the Company’s Chief Executive Officer, President, Secretary and Treasurer.
 
On the same date as above, Andrew Khor
Poh Kiang was named Chief Executive Officer and President, Lee Kok Keing was named Chief Financial Officer, Dr. Eric Chin
Tek Mun was named Chief Operations Officer, Simon Chua Chooi Huat, was named Secretary, and Dr. Ng Mooi Eng was named Treasurer.
 
On January 31, 2017, the Company
received a letter of resignation from Simon Chua Chooi Huat, its Secretary. There were no disagreements between the Company and
Mr. Huat that led to his resignation, and on April 14, 2017, the Company elected Jannie Gui Honey as its Secretary.
 
NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT POLICIES
 
Basis of presentation
The Company’s financial statements
have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”).The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
 

F-6 
[Financial Index]

 
Use of estimates
The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) requires
the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses,
and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. These estimates and judgments are based on historical information,
information that is currently available to the Company and on various other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable
under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
 

Earnings (loss) per share
Basic earnings (loss) per common share
is computed by dividing net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock
outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per common share is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders
by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period increased to include the number of additional
shares of common stock that would have been outstanding if potentially dilutive securities had been issued. There were no potentially
dilutive securities outstanding during the periods presented.
 
Stock-based compensation
The Company accounts for equity instruments
issued in exchange for the receipt of goods or services from other than employees in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards
Board(“FASB”) ASC 718-10, Compensation – Stock Compensation, and the conclusions reached by FASB ASC 505-50,
Equity – Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees. Costs are measured at the estimated fair market value of the consideration
received or the estimated fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more reliably measurable. The value of equity
instruments issued for consideration other than employee services is determined on the earliest of a performance commitment or
completion of performance by the provider of goods or services as defined by FASB ASC 505-50.
 
Income taxes
The Company follows Section 740-10-30
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification, which requires recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected
future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred
tax assets and liabilities are based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities
using enacted tax rates in effect for the fiscal year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are
reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent management concludes it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the fiscal years
in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities
of a change in tax rates is recognized in the Statements of Income and Income in the period that includes the enactment date.
 
The Company adopted section 740-10-25
of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification (“Section 740-10-25”) with regards to uncertainty income taxes.  Section
740-10-25 addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded
in the financial statements.  Under Section 740-10-25, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position
only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the
technical merits of the position.  The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be
measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent (50%) likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
Section 740-10-25 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting
in interim periods and requires increased disclosures.  The Company had no material adjustments to its liabilities for unrecognized
income tax benefits according to the provisions of Section 740-10-25.
 

F-7 
[Financial Index]

 
Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
The Company has evaluated recent pronouncements
through Accounting Standards Updates (“ASU”) 2015-08 and believes that none of them will have a material impact on
the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
 
      NOTE
3 - GOING CONCERN
 

The accompanying audited financial statements
have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in
the normal course of business. The Company has incurred losses since inception and had a deficit accumulated of $24,050 as of December
31, 2016. The Company requires capital for its contemplated operational and marketing activities. The Company’s ability
to raise additional capital through the future issuances of common stock is unknown. The obtainment of additional financing, the
successful development of the Company’s contemplated plan of operations, and its transition, ultimately, to the attainment
of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations. The ability to successfully resolve these factors
raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements of the Company
do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these aforementioned uncertainties.

 
NOTE
4 - STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
 
Preferred Stock – The
Company is authorized to issue 5,000,000 shares of $0.0001 par value preferred stock. As December 31, 2016 no shares of preferred
stock had been issued.
 
Common Stock - The Company
is authorized to issue 1,000,000,000 shares of $0.0001 par value common stock. As of December 31, 2016, 10,100,000 shares
were issued and outstanding respectively.
 
Upon formation of the Company on July
27, 2015, the Board of Directors issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock for $1,000 in services to the founding shareholder of
the Company.
 
On February 12, 2016, the Company entered
into Subscription Agreements with three subscribers for the issuance of 10,000,000 shares of restricted common stock at par value
of $0.0001 for total proceeds of $1,000. As of December 31, 2016 the proceeds have not yet been collected and have been debited
to stock subscription receivable.
 
NOTE 5 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
 
As December 31, 2016, the Company owed
Richard Chiang $990 for the redemption of 9,900,000 shares at par value, which had previously been issued to him in serving in
director and officer capacities (refer to Note 1).
 
For the years ended December 31, 2016
and 2015, the founder shareholder has contributed capital to the Company for services rendered of $9,248 and $1,250, respectively.
 
For the years ended December 31, 2016
and 2015, the CEO has contributed capital to the Company in the form of cash used for operating expenses of $12,552 and $0, respectively.
 
NOTE 6 – INCOME TAX
 
Deferred taxes are provided on a liability
method whereby deferred tax assets are recognized for deductible temporary differences and operating loss and tax credit carry
forwards and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary differences are the differences
between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases.  Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation
allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will
not be realized.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on
the date of enactment.
 

F-8 
[Financial Index]

 
Net deferred tax assets consist of the following components
as of December 31:
 


 
 
2016
 
 
2015

Deferred tax assets:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

NOL carryover
 
 $
(8,177)
 
 
 $
(1,315)

Deferred tax liabilities:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

None
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Valuation allowance
 
 
8,177
 
 
 
1,315

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Net deferred tax asset
 
$
-
 
 
$
-

 
 
The income tax provision differs from
the amount of income tax determined by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate to pretax income from continuing operations for
the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 due to the following:
 


 
 
2016
 
 
2015

Book income (loss)
 
$
6,862
 
 
$
(1,315)

 Valuation allowance
 
 
(6,862)
 
 
 
1,315

 
 
$
-
 
 
$
-



At December 31, 2016, the Company had net
operating loss carry forwards of approximately $24,000 that may be offset against future taxable income from the year 2017 to 2036.
No tax benefit has been reported in the December 31, 2016 financial statements since the potential tax benefit is offset by a valuation
allowance of the same amount.
 
Due to the change in ownership provisions
of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carry forwards for Federal Income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual
limitations. Should a change in ownership occur net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to use in future years.
 
NOTE
7 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
 
Management has evaluated subsequent events
pursuant to the requirements of ASC Topic 855-10, Subsequent Events, through the date the financial statements were issued
and determined that no subsequent events occurred that would require adjustment to or disclosure in the financial statements.
 
 


F-9 







ANDES 7 INC. Latest filings

Filing dateCompanyFormQuarterYear
 2017-05-12ANDES 7 INC.322017view 2017-05-11ANDES 7 INC.10-Q22017view 2017-05-11ANDES 7 INC.SC 13D22017view 2017-05-10ANDES 7 INC.422017view 2017-05-05ANDES 7 INC.SC 13D/A22017view 2017-05-04ANDES 7 INC.10-K22017view 2017-04-28ANDES 7 INC.8-K22017view 2017-04-14ANDES 7 INC.8-K22017view 2017-04-14ANDES 7 INC.322017view 2017-03-31ANDES 7 INC.NT 10-K12017view














View ANDES 7 INC. Annual report 2/2017 SEC Filing for free. A 10-K is a comprehensive summary report of a company's performance that must be submitted annually to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Typically, the 10-K contains much more detail than the annual report. It includes information such as company history, organizational structure, equity, holdings, earnings per share, subsidiaries, etc. 

The 10-K must be filed within 60 days (it used to be 90 days) after the end of the fiscal year. 








Andes 7 Inc. Revenue per Employee (ANDE), Sales per Employee, current and historic results, rankings and more, Quarterly Fundamentals - CSIMarket






 














Company Name or Ticker Symbol








Search for other Categories













HOME
STOCKS


Stock Profile
Company Fundamentals
Company Financials
Company Expectations
Company Descriptions
Charts & Quotes
News
Company Suppliers
Company Competitors
Company Markets  Customers
Economic Indicators


INDUSTRIES


Performance by Industry
Growth Rates by Industry
Profitability by Industry
Valuation by Industry
Financial Strength by Industry


ECONOMY


Advance Monthly Sales
Consumer Price Index CPI
Producer Price Index PPI
Retail Inventories
Personal Income
Gross Domestic Product GDP
Money Supply
Industrial Production
Productivity
Employment Situation
U.S. International Trade
Factory orders
Durable Goods
Construction Spending
Housing Starts
Vehicle Unit Sales


MARKETS


Stocks
Indices
Sectors & Industries
Financials
Commodities
Foreign Exchange


SCREENING


Stock Performance Screening
Profitability Screening
Valuation Screening
Dividend Screening
Financial Strength Screening
Efficiency Screening
Expectations Screening
Mgmnt. Effectivness Screening


NEWS


Stock News
Economy News
Industry News
Other News


GLOSSARY


Financial Terms
Technical Analysis
Fundamental Analysis
Energy Terms
Manufacturing Terms
Transportation Terms
Health Care
Insurance Terms
Economy Terms
Hotel & Leisure Terms


HELP


Company Profile
Fundamentals


Growth Rates
Profitability
Valuation
Management Effectiveness
Financial Strength
Efficiency
Dividend


Financials


Business Segments
Income Statement
Balance Sheets
Cash Flow Statement
Geographic Information
Operating Statistics


Expectations

Earnings Outlook
Revenue Outlook
Earnings Guidance
Revenue Guidance


Descriptions

Business Description
Officers & Directors


Charts & Quotes


Comparison Charts
Candle Charts
OHLC Charts
Logarithmic Charts
Line Charts
Tehnical Upper Indicators
Tehnical Lower Indicators
Weekly Charts
Monthly Charts




News
Suppliers


Company's Suppliers Performance
Suppliers Stock Performance
Suppliers Growth Rates
Suppliers Data
Suppliers Efficiency
Suppliers Management Effectiveness
Suppliers Valuation
Suppliers by Company's Segments
Suppliers by Segment Contribution
Suppliers Segments Revenue Growth Rates
Suppliers Segments Income Growth Rates


Competition


Competition by Company's Segments
Segment Market Share
Competition Segments Revenue Growth Rates
Competition Segments Income Growth Rates
Company's Competition Performance
Company's Competitors Results
Competitors Stock Performance
Competitors Growth Rates
Company's Competition Data
Competitors Efficiency
Competitors Management Effectiveness
Competitors Valuation


Customers & Markets


Company's Customers Demand
Customers Expenditure Growth Rates
Customers Performance
Customers Stock Performance
Customers Growth Rates
Customers Data
Customers Efficiency
Customers Management Effectiveness
Customers Valuation
Customers by Company's Segments
Customers by Segment Contribution
Customers Segments Revenue Growth Rates
Customers Segments Income Growth Rates


Economic Indicators




 








At a Glance

Growth Rates

Profitability

Valuation Comparisons

Management Effectiveness

Financial Strength

Efficiency

• Sales per Employee

• Income per Employee

• Inventory to Sales

• Inventory Turnover

• Asset Turnover

• Receivables Turnover

Dividend Comparisons



 


Andes 7 Inc.  (ANDE)                



Other Ticker:  



 

  


 





  
 Sector • 
      Consumer Non Cyclical    Industry

• Agriculture Production


Tweet
 




               				  



 Andes 7 Sales per Employee


 
Quarterly Results, Trends, Rankings, Statistics, Cumulative Sales  



  






 				
Select the Comparisons :
   


None ▼

Growth Rates
Profitability
Valuation Comparisons
Management Effectiveness
Financial Strength
Efficiency
Dividend Comparisons




 
Select the Ratio:
    
    


Revenue per Employee▼

Revenue Y/Y
Op. Income Y/Y
Income from Cont. Operations Y/Y
Net Income Y/Y
Effective Tax Rate
Eps Cop. Y/Y
Eps Net Y/Y
Free Cash Flow Y/Y
Cash Flow Y/Y
Capex Y/Y
Gross Margin
EBITDA Margin
Operating Margin
Net Margin
Pre-Tax Margin
Free Cash Flow Margin
Cash Flow Margin
P/E Ratio TTM
P/S Ratio TTM
P/CF Ratio TTM
P/FCF Ratio TTM
Price to Book MRQ
Price to Tangible Book
ROA Quarterly
ROA Annually
ROI Quarterly
ROI Annually
ROE Quarterly
ROE Annually
Quick Ratio
Quick Ratio TTM
Working Capital
Working Capital TTM
Long Term Debt to Equity
Long Term Debt to Equity TTM
Debt to Equity
Debt to Equity TTM
Leverage Ratio
Leverage Ratio TTM
Tangible Leverage Ratio
Interest Coverage
Debt Coverage
Working Capital Per Revenue
Sales per Employee
Income per Employee
Inventory to Sales
Inventory Turnover
Asset Turnover
Receivables Turnover
Dividend Growth
Dividend Payout
Cumulative Payout
Annual Dividend Payout 
Revenue Q/Q
Operating Income Q/Q
Income from Continued Ops. Q/Q
Net Income Q/Q
Eps Continued Operations Q/Q
Eps Net Q/Q
Free Cash Flow Q/Q
Cash Flow Q/Q
Capex Q/Q
Revenue cumulative 12 Months Y/Y
Operating Income cumulative 12 Months Y/Y
Income from Continued Ops. cumulative 12 Months Y/Y
Net Income  cumulative 12 Months Y/Y
Eps Continued Operations cumulative 12 Months Y/Y
Eps Net cumulative 12 Months Y/Y
Free Cash Flow cumulative 12 Months Y/Y
Cash Flow cumulative 12 Months Y/Y
Capex cumulative 12 Months Y/Y
Revenue cumulative 12 Months Q/Q
Operating Income cumulative 12 Months Q/Q
Income from Continued Operations cumulative 12 Months Q/Q
Net Income  cumulative 12 Months Q/Q
Eps Continued Operations cumulative 12 Months Q/Q
Eps Net cumulative 12 Months Q/Q
Free Cash Flow cumulative 12 Months Q/Q
Cash Flow cumulative 12 Months Q/Q
Capex cumulative 12 Months Q/Q
Revenue Annual Growth
Operating Income Annual Growth
Income from Continued Operations Annual Growth
Net Income Annual Growth
Eps Continued Operations Annual Growth
Eps Net Annual Growth
Free Cash Flow Annual Growth
Cash Flow Annual Growth
Capex Annual Growth




 
           
    
    
 
           
    
    





ANDE Sales per Employee
(Mar 31 2017) I. Quarter
(Dec 31 2016) IV. Quarter
(Sep 30 2016) III. Quarter
(Jun 30 2016) II. Quarter
(Mar 31 2016) I. Quarter


Y / Y Revenue Change
-4.04 %
0.81 %
-8.14 %
-11.94 %
-6.55 %


Sales per Employee 
                  (TTM) $
3,888,927,000
3,924,790,000
3,915,874,000
3,992,036,000
4,136,284,000


Total 
                  Ranking
# 1
# 0
# 0
# 
# 


Seq. Revenue Change 
-23.45 %
29.48 %
-19.23 %
19.86 %
-19.59 %

 



ANDE Company Profile  >> Back to ANDE Efficiency Comparisons   >> Compare ANDE Sales per Employee to its Competitors  




 




Sales per Employee 
                    Comment  

Andes 7's Revenue per employee fell on trailing twelve months basis to $ 3,888,927,000 but remained above company average. 

Within Consumer Non Cyclical sector Andes 7 Inc.  achieved highest revenue per employee. While  revenue per employee remained unchanged compare to previous quarter at no. .

Andes 7 has 1 Employees.
What is Sales per Employee Ratio?  
How many Employees Andes 7 Inc. has?  
What is Andes 7 Inc. selling?  
  






Revenue per Employee Company Ranking  
Within:
No.  
Agriculture Production Industry
# 1  
Consumer Non Cyclical Sector
# 1  
Overall Market
# 1   





Revenue per Employee Statistics  
High
Average
Low  
$ 9,292,318,000
$ 4,799,941,333
$ 3,888,927,000  
(Sep. 30, 2013)
  
(Mar 31 2017)  







You need to upgrade your Flash Player



  




Financial Statements 


Andes 7's Revenue MRQ
$ 852 Millions
 Visit ANDE's Income Statement


Andes 7's  Revenues TTM
$ 3,889 Millions
 Visit ANDE's aggregate revenue growth


What are ANDE's Sales? 

 Visit ANDE's Sales by Segment





Other Ratios 


Andes 7's  Income per Employee


Employees in Agriculture Production


Agriculture Production Industry Revenue per Employee Trends and Statistics 


Consumer Non Cyclical Sector Revenue per Employee Statistics


Revenue per Employee Trends for overall market


ANDE's  Revenue per Employee versus Agriculture Production Industry, Consumer Non Cyclical Sector and total Market


Highest Ranking Revenue per Employee


Lowest Ranking Revenue per Employee


 Revenue per Employee for ANDE's  Competitors


 Revenue per Employee for ANDE's  Suppliers


 Revenue per Employee for ANDE's  Customers





You may also want to know 


ANDE's Sales Growth Rates 
ANDE's Pe Price to earnings ratio 
ANDE's Receivables Turnover Ratio
ANDE's Stock Quote


ANDE's Net Income Growth Rates 
ANDE's Ps Price to Sales ratio 
ANDE's Sales per Employee
ANDE's Asset Turnover Ratio


ANDE's Net Margin
ANDE's Pb Price to Book ratio 
ANDE's Financial Strength Ratios
ANDE's Dividend Payout Ratio









Companies with similar Revenue per Employee for 12 months ending Mar 31 2017, within Consumer Non Cyclical Sector Revenue per Employee Revenue 12 months ending Mar 31 2017Number of Employees Mar 31 2017Andes 7 Inc.   3,888,927,000.00 $ 3,888.927  Millions 1 








CSIMarket Company, Sector, Industry, Market Analysis, Stock Quotes, Earnings, Economy, News and Research.  Free Stock Market News Feeds     Copyright � 2017 CSIMarket, Inc. All rights reserved. 
By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy - UPDATED (Read about our Privacy Policy)
Intraday Data provided by Barchart and subject to terms of use. To view Intraday Stock Data Java must be installed. Java content may be prohibited by the security software, to see the stock quotes, choose "allow content from this page" option.
Stock Price, historical and current end-of-day data provided by eoddata. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Barchart and Eoddata. All quotes are in local exchange time. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and other exchanges. Fundamental and financial data for Stocks, Sector, Industry, and Economic Indicators provided by CSIMarket.com










Andes 7 Inc.  Exh 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification - Sec Exhibit 31 Certifications - Free Search.
















 


















                 You are here: Agreements   >      > ANDES 7 INC.  Exh 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification

 
Search Documents | Browse Documents











SITE SEARCH


AGREEMENTS / CONTRACTS






Document Title:



Entire Document:(optional)



Governing Law(optional)

AllAlabamaAlaskaArizonaArkansasCaliforniaColoradoConnecticutDelawareFlorida
                            GeorgiaHawaiiIdahoIllinoisIndianaIowaKansasKentuckyLouisianaMaineMaryland
                            MassachusettsMichiganMinnesotaMississippiMissouriMontanaNebraskaNevada
                            New HampshireNew JerseyNew MexicoNew YorkNorth CarolinaNorth DakotaOhioOklahoma
                            OregonPennsylvaniaRhode IslandSouth CarolinaSouth DakotaTennesseeTexasUtah
                            VermontVirginiaWashingtonWest VirginiaWisconsinWyoming 






Try our advanced search >>

CLAUSES
Search Contract Clauses >>
Browse Contract Clause Library>>

















Andes 7 Inc.  Exh 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification
SEC Exhibit 31 Certifications



You are currently viewing:
 This  involves ANDES 7 INC.. RealDealDocs™ contains millions of easily searchable legal documents and clauses from top law firms. Search for free - click here.  
                  



Title: ANDES 7 INC.  Exh 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification Date: 11/9/2016 









Preview

Edit & Save 

Related Documents 



50 of the Top 250 law firms use our Products every day










CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL
OFFICER AS ADOPTED 
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002

 

I, 
Lee Kok Keing , certify that:

 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q of ANDES 7 Inc.;

 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by
this report;

 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in
this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant
as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

 

4. The registrant’s other
certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

 





 



a)



Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by
others within those entities, particularly during the period in
which this report is being prepared;




 





 



b)



Designed such
internal control over f





 








 



















Andes Store – Peruvian Arts & Crafts


















































































 
















0


No products in the cart.




  





Home
Women’s

Sweaters
Ponchos
Capes or Ruanas
Women’s Accessories


Men’s
Contact












 





Sale off  

30 % 

for all 

Beauty World On My Life! With a metal construction and glass highend  

pebble brushed leather or metal band. 

SHOP NOW 







News & Top 

Beauty World On My Life!  

SHOP NOW 

 







Sweaters
 

Collection 

Beauty World On My Life! With a metal construction and glass highend  

pebble brushed leather or metal band. 

SHOP NOW 



 



New ProductsSome of the Best Alpaca Wool Garments in USA can be found at the Andes Store.


Sale!





Pullover alpaca wool sweater











Cheerful tones of white and grey combine to bring to winter days. Lightweight and warm, this pullover sweater is knitted of an alpaca wool blend. Letizia Rodriguez gives a modern twist to a classic design with ribbed hems at the neck, cuffs and bottom.

Product ID: 139521

Product Details:

Small Size
100% alpaca wool
Hand or machine wash

 











Rated 4.00 out of 5
$75.00 $39.99
Add to cart



        Add to Wishlist
 

Product added!

				Browse Wishlist			


The product is already in the wishlist!

				Browse Wishlist			




CompareQuick View



Sale!





Alpaca Wool Dark Green Sweater











Andes designs an attractive sweater with long sleeves . Knitted lace centers the scoop neck while the sleeves and sweater feature a rolled hem. Letizia Condori makes this sweater in lightweight blend fiber.

Product ID: 023831

Product details:

Medium Size









50% alpaca wool, 50 % acrylic
Ships fast from USA.









$75.00 $37.79
Add to cart



        Add to Wishlist
 

Product added!

				Browse Wishlist			


The product is already in the wishlist!

				Browse Wishlist			




CompareQuick View



Sale!





Alpaca wool Men’s sweater











Letizia Rodriguez designs a stylized version of the Andean geometric,  for this handsome gray cardigan. Detailed in grey,  Featuring zipper to open, two pockets, cardigan is knit of alpaca, a warm, lightweight and soft fleece worn in the Andes since the days of the Inca Empire.

Product ID: 139522
Product Details

Size: Extra-Large
100% alpaca wool
Hand or machine washable

 












$95.99 $65.95
Add to cart



        Add to Wishlist
 

Product added!

				Browse Wishlist			


The product is already in the wishlist!

				Browse Wishlist			




CompareQuick View



Sale!





Men’s Alpaca wool sweater











By Letizia Rodriguez, this handsome men's sweater is attractive and lightweight in brown. knitted of alpaca wool, with two buttons on the neck, Long sleeves.

Product ID: 0568232

Product Details:

Medium Size
Weight: 1.00 lbs.
50% alpaca wool 50% acrylic
Hand or machine wash

 












$78.00 $39.75
Add to cart



        Add to Wishlist
 

Product added!

				Browse Wishlist			


The product is already in the wishlist!

				Browse Wishlist			




CompareQuick View



Sale!





Purple alpaca wool sweater











Letizia Rodriguez designs a sweater of casual elegance and soft warmth. The purple sweater is knitted of a soft and alpaca blend featuring a jewel neck, long sleeves.

Product ID: 139525

Product Details:

Size: Medium
100% alpaca wool
Hand or machine washable
Made in Peru












$95.00 $39.99
Add to cart



        Add to Wishlist
 

Product added!

				Browse Wishlist			


The product is already in the wishlist!

				Browse Wishlist			




CompareQuick View



Sale!





Blue alpaca wool Men’s sweater











Crafted from soft fleece alpaca wool, this men's zipper open, hoodie bears a distinctly Andes style. The front pocket, and hood of the blue  for a festive and traditional look. Members of the Rodriguez family of Juliaca-Peru weave this sweater.

Prduct ID: 139523

Product Details:

Size: Large

100% alpaca wool

Hand or machine washable












$89.00 $43.75
Add to cart



        Add to Wishlist
 

Product added!

				Browse Wishlist			


The product is already in the wishlist!

				Browse Wishlist			




CompareQuick View



Sale!





Brown alpaca wool Men’s sweater











Andes style in precise order for the design of this men's argyle sweater by Letizia Rodriguez. Working with a soft alpaca blend, Chirotex, knits the warm pullover, hood and two pockets. in light and medium brown.

Product ID: 139524

Product Details:

Size: Large
100% alpaca wool
Hand or machine washable
Made in Peru












$89.00 $45.00
Add to cart



        Add to Wishlist
 

Product added!

				Browse Wishlist			


The product is already in the wishlist!

				Browse Wishlist			




CompareQuick View

LOOKBOOK 2017Click on the first image below to start the Lookbook. Enjoy!.LookBook 2017Click to explore Our LookbookFEATURED PRODUCTSAlpaca wool sweaters, non-allergic, famous and elegant, warmth and softness.
 

Sale!






 

Pullover alpaca wool sweater
$75.00 $39.99
Rated 4.00 out of 5  Add to cart



        Add to Wishlist
 

Product added!

				Browse Wishlist			


The product is already in the wishlist!

				Browse Wishlist			




CompareQuick View 




Sale!






 

Alpaca Wool Dark Green Sweater
$75.00 $37.79
 Add to cart



        Add to Wishlist
 

Product added!

				Browse Wishlist			


The product is already in the wishlist!

				Browse Wishlist			




CompareQuick View 



 

Sale!






 

Alpaca wool Men’s sweater
$95.99 $65.95
 Add to cart



        Add to Wishlist
 

Product added!

				Browse Wishlist			


The product is already in the wishlist!

				Browse Wishlist			




CompareQuick View 



 

Sale!






 

Men’s Alpaca wool sweater
$78.00 $39.75
 Add to cart



        Add to Wishlist
 

Product added!

				Browse Wishlist			


The product is already in the wishlist!

				Browse Wishlist			




CompareQuick View 




Sale!






 

Purple alpaca wool sweater
$95.00 $39.99
 Add to cart



        Add to Wishlist
 

Product added!

				Browse Wishlist			


The product is already in the wishlist!

				Browse Wishlist			




CompareQuick View 





Free Shipping All order over $    


Support customer Fast & pro 24/7    


Secure payments The highend Pebble    


Buy a gift card Pebble brushed leather    My wife and I have been customers of The Andes Store for a couple years now. I don’t generally write reviews or testimonials but I feel that the quality, prices, and great customer service that Mario provides the Front Range should be recognized. Mario always greats everyone with a smile and the variety and quality of his Alpaca products is amazing!! I have purchased hat’s and sweaters from Mario for my wife and I and also as gifts. Nowhere else in the region comes close to the softness or prices of Mario’s Alpaca products! Everything is always soft and holds up very well. The warmth and comfort of alpaca is second to none and if you want the best I recommend The Andes Store! I know we will enjoy the warmth and comfort of Mario’s products for years to come.

cabo.Matt CookI purchased a lovely poncho last winter – I found it incredibly soft,
warm, and get many compliments each time I wear it. The colors are just
amazing!Linda WardlowThe alpaca shawl I purchased from you is lovely. The color is vibrant and the texture is wonderful. I almost can’t wait for the cooler weather to get here so I can wrap myself up in it regularly. Thank you!Linda SmithI live and work in Santa Fe and last year at a summer fair I purchased a beautiful Alpaca sweater from Mario and some knee high Alpaca socks. I absolutely love them both. The Alpaca wool is super soft and being pure wool it is incredibly warm. I would recommend Alpaca to any one that lives in a place that has a cold winter. The price was also a great value!Carol BerryBest Seller


Sale!





Pullover alpaca wool sweater











Cheerful tones of white and grey combine to bring to winter days. Lightweight and warm, this pullover sweater is knitted of an alpaca wool blend. Letizia Rodriguez gives a modern twist to a classic design with ribbed hems at the neck, cuffs and bottom.

Product ID: 139521

Product Details:

Small Size
100% alpaca wool
Hand or machine wash

 











Rated 4.00 out of 5
$75.00 $39.99
Add to cart



        Add to Wishlist
 

Product added!

				Browse Wishlist			


The product is already in the wishlist!

				Browse Wishlist			




CompareQuick View



Sale!





Alpaca Wool Dark Green Sweater











Andes designs an attractive sweater with long sleeves . Knitted lace centers the scoop neck while the sleeves and sweater feature a rolled hem. Letizia Condori makes this sweater in lightweight blend fiber.

Product ID: 023831

Product details:

Medium Size









50% alpaca wool, 50 % acrylic
Ships fast from USA.









$75.00 $37.79
Add to cart



        Add to Wishlist
 

Product added!

				Browse Wishlist			


The product is already in the wishlist!

				Browse Wishlist			




CompareQuick View



Sale!





Alpaca wool Men’s sweater











Letizia Rodriguez designs a stylized version of the Andean geometric,  for this handsome gray cardigan. Detailed in grey,  Featuring zipper to open, two pockets, cardigan is knit of alpaca, a warm, lightweight and soft fleece worn in the Andes since the days of the Inca Empire.

Product ID: 139522
Product Details

Size: Extra-Large
100% alpaca wool
Hand or machine washable

 












$95.99 $65.95
Add to cart



        Add to Wishlist
 

Product added!

				Browse Wishlist			


The product is already in the wishlist!

				Browse Wishlist			




CompareQuick View



Sale!





Men’s Alpaca wool sweater











By Letizia Rodriguez, this handsome men's sweater is attractive and lightweight in brown. knitted of alpaca wool, with two buttons on the neck, Long sleeves.

Product ID: 0568232

Product Details:

Medium Size
Weight: 1.00 lbs.
50% alpaca wool 50% acrylic
Hand or machine wash

 












$78.00 $39.75
Add to cart



        Add to Wishlist
 

Product added!

				Browse Wishlist			


The product is already in the wishlist!

				Browse Wishlist			




CompareQuick View



Sale!





Purple alpaca wool sweater











Letizia Rodriguez designs a sweater of casual elegance and soft warmth. The purple sweater is knitted of a soft and alpaca blend featuring a jewel neck, long sleeves.

Product ID: 139525

Product Details:

Size: Medium
100% alpaca wool
Hand or machine washable
Made in Peru












$95.00 $39.99
Add to cart



        Add to Wishlist
 

Product added!

				Browse Wishlist			


The product is already in the wishlist!

				Browse Wishlist			




CompareQuick View



Sale!





Blue alpaca wool Men’s sweater











Crafted from soft fleece alpaca wool, this men's zipper open, hoodie bears a distinctly Andes style. The front pocket, and hood of the blue  for a festive and traditional look. Members of the Rodriguez family of Juliaca-Peru weave this sweater.

Prduct ID: 139523

Product Details:

Size: Large

100% alpaca wool

Hand or machine washable












$89.00 $43.75
Add to cart



        Add to Wishlist
 

Product added!

				Browse Wishlist			


The product is already in the wishlist!

				Browse Wishlist			




CompareQuick View

Top Rate


Sale!





Pullover alpaca wool sweater











Cheerful tones of white and grey combine to bring to winter days. Lightweight and warm, this pullover sweater is knitted of an alpaca wool blend. Letizia Rodriguez gives a modern twist to a classic design with ribbed hems at the neck, cuffs and bottom.

Product ID: 139521

Product Details:

Small Size
100% alpaca wool
Hand or machine wash

 











Rated 4.00 out of 5
$75.00 $39.99
Add to cart



        Add to Wishlist
 

Product added!

				Browse Wishlist			


The product is already in the wishlist!

				Browse Wishlist			




CompareQuick View



Sale!





Alpaca Wool Dark Green Sweater











Andes designs an attractive sweater with long sleeves . Knitted lace centers the scoop neck while the sleeves and sweater feature a rolled hem. Letizia Condori makes this sweater in lightweight blend fiber.

Product ID: 023831

Product details:

Medium Size









50% alpaca wool, 50 % acrylic
Ships fast from USA.









$75.00 $37.79
Add to cart



        Add to Wishlist
 

Product added!

				Browse Wishlist			


The product is already in the wishlist!

				Browse Wishlist			




CompareQuick View



Sale!





Alpaca wool Men’s sweater











Letizia Rodriguez designs a stylized version of the Andean geometric,  for this handsome gray cardigan. Detailed in grey,  Featuring zipper to open, two pockets, cardigan is knit of alpaca, a warm, lightweight and soft fleece worn in the Andes since the days of the Inca Empire.

Product ID: 139522
Product Details

Size: Extra-Large
100% alpaca wool
Hand or machine washable

 












$95.99 $65.95
Add to cart



        Add to Wishlist
 

Product added!

				Browse Wishlist			


The product is already in the wishlist!

				Browse Wishlist			




CompareQuick View



Sale!





Men’s Alpaca wool sweater











By Letizia Rodriguez, this handsome men's sweater is attractive and lightweight in brown. knitted of alpaca wool, with two buttons on the neck, Long sleeves.

Product ID: 0568232

Product Details:

Medium Size
Weight: 1.00 lbs.
50% alpaca wool 50% acrylic
Hand or machine wash

 












$78.00 $39.75
Add to cart



        Add to Wishlist
 

Product added!

				Browse Wishlist			


The product is already in the wishlist!

				Browse Wishlist			




CompareQuick View



Sale!





Purple alpaca wool sweater











Letizia Rodriguez designs a sweater of casual elegance and soft warmth. The purple sweater is knitted of a soft and alpaca blend featuring a jewel neck, long sleeves.

Product ID: 139525

Product Details:

Size: Medium
100% alpaca wool
Hand or machine washable
Made in Peru












$95.00 $39.99
Add to cart



        Add to Wishlist
 

Product added!

				Browse Wishlist			


The product is already in the wishlist!

				Browse Wishlist			




CompareQuick View



Sale!





Blue alpaca wool Men’s sweater











Crafted from soft fleece alpaca wool, this men's zipper open, hoodie bears a distinctly Andes style. The front pocket, and hood of the blue  for a festive and traditional look. Members of the Rodriguez family of Juliaca-Peru weave this sweater.

Prduct ID: 139523

Product Details:

Size: Large

100% alpaca wool

Hand or machine washable












$89.00 $43.75
Add to cart



        Add to Wishlist
 

Product added!

				Browse Wishlist			


The product is already in the wishlist!

				Browse Wishlist			




CompareQuick View







FROM OUR BLOGKnown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book.Rainbow Fudge Checkers Members18JunwillAnklets3 CommentsContrary to popular belief, Lorem Ipsum is not simply random …Read More...Printable Rainbow Color Matching18JunwillAnklets3 CommentsContrary to popular belief, Lorem Ipsum is not simply random …Read More...DIY Tie Dye Tapestries: Three Ways18JunwillAnklets4 CommentsContrary to popular belief, Lorem Ipsum is not simply random …Read More...




 





X




 









































Andes Productions > Home        Tuesday, July 25, 2017                                                             Home   Login   Register                    We at Andes Productions use a rare combination of both “traditional methods” and “state-of-the-art technology.“   For over 4 years we’ve been designing, producing and distributing recorded information for a very diverse group of companies. While you may find companies that offer some of our service types, it’s rare to find a company such as ours that provides the complete service package from start to finish!I invite you to drop by and see for yourself just why “our customers are happy”....  Studio Productions - Artist and Lecture Recording, Podcasts, Phone Ads & more  Conference Recording - On location Audio and Video Recording & Duplication  CD, MP3 & DVD Duplication - High Speed & Quality In House or On Location  Packaging & Graphic Design - Logos, Packaging, Graphic Art and Web Design  Hand Assembly & Packaging - Reliable Skilled Crew with Attention for Detail  Warehousing and Fulfillment - Secure Storage and Fast Order Fulfillment    Featured Clienta                            Copyright 2007 by Andes ProductionsTerms Of UsePrivacy Statement 
Error