

















About Us | Anellotech, Inc | Cost Competitive Bio-Sourced Chemicals
























Skip to main content

















Renewable. Clean.  
 












Menu



































Home 
About Us





	Cost Competitive Bio-Sourced Chemicals from Clean, Non-Food Biomass










Consumers are demanding products, packaging and fuels produced from sustainable resources. Until now the chemical industry has never had a viable option of technology for producing 100% bio-based basic "drop-in" aromatic chemicals (i.e., benzene, toluene and xylenes (BTX)) due to the lack of efficient, cost-competitive and scalable processes that utilize renewable non-food biomass feedstocks. Anellotech’s new Bio-TCatTM Process will make that option a reality.


	ABOUT THE COMPANY
Anellotech is a sustainable technology company focused on producing cost-competitive renewable chemicals from non-food biomass – an unmet need for a very large addressable chemicals and fuels markets

Anellotech is developing an efficient and eco-friendly thermal catalytic process for converting non-food biomass into aromatics. These bio-based products, chemically identical to petroleum-based aromatics, are used to make important plastics such as polyester (polyethylene terephthalate or “PET”), polystyrenes, polycarbonates, nylons and polyurethanes that ultimately are transformed into consumer goods such as beverage bottles, food packaging, clothing, footwear, carpeting, automotive and electronic components, and more.

Anellotech's ultimate competitive advantage is its use of a one-reactor catalytic process. Also, by using renewable and readily available non-food inputs, such as wood, corn stover and bagasse, the Bio-TCat™ process is less expensive than to processes relying on sugar as a feedstock, and avoids competition with the food chain. As a result, these renewable-sourced chemicals are expected to be produced and sold profitably against identical, petroleum-derived BTX counterparts.

To accelerate development and drive cost-competitiveness, Anellotech’s world-class R&D team is jointly developing the Bio-TCat process through in-depth, highly interactive long-term partnerships with leaders in process development, catalysis, engineering design, and licensing. Anellotech’s strategic development, licensing and funding partners include:



Johnson Matthey, a global specialty chemicals company that offers products for a diverse range of industries and who is a major catalyst supplier to the Process Industries, will co-develop and provide catalysts for the development program and will manufacture catalysts for commercial use;


IFP Energies nouvelles (IFPEN), the French public research entity, will collaborate with Anellotech throughout the process development program. In addition to extensive activities at its R&D center in Lyon, France, IFPEN has dedicated three full-time senior engineers and technical experts to work at Anellotech’s U.S. location for two years, during the start-up of the TCat-8® development unit in 2016. Anellotech’s highly collaborative program leverages IFPEN’s specific expertise in catalytic reactor modeling, catalyst regenerator design and aromatics processing to provide additional depth and breadth of experience to the Bio-TCat development program.


Axens, an international provider of licensed advanced technologies (45% of all refineries in the world have at least one Axens technology license), catalysts, adsorbents and services, has a global reputation for basic engineering design excellence, and technology licensing leadership in the production of aromatics, and is our partner for commercialization, global licensing, basic engineering design, start-up and technical support for licensees.


Suntory, one of the world’s leading consumer beverage companies, has partnered with Anellotech to advance the development and commercialization of cost-competitive bio-aromatics, including bio-paraxylene, the key component needed to make a 100 percent bio-based PET beverage bottles. The partnership, an example of Suntory’s commitment to sustainable business practices, began in 2012 under a collaboration agreement that has provided more than $15 million in funding to date.


Toyota Tsusho Corporation,  is the Toyota Group's general trading company that develops diversified businesses through more than 990 consolidated companies in Japan and overseas, with customers around the world, via a global network covering Japan and more than 90 countries worldwide. With various activities, the group provides products and services in a broad range of business domains that are essential to achieving the creation of a prosperous and fulfilling society. Toyota Tsusho Corporation is listed in the Tokyo Stock Exchange as well as in the Nagoya Stock Exchange. Toyota Tsusho announced publicly its investment in Anellotech in July 2016.

Anellotech’s new, fully-integrated development and testing facility (“TCat-8”) began commissioning on September 1st, 2016. This 25 meter-tall unit, jointly designed with IFPEN and using a catalyst jointly developed with Johnson Matthey, will confirm the viability and suitability of the Bio-TCat process for scale-up. It will generate the data needed to design commercial plants, planned for first commercial operations by the end of this decade. After verification of the continuous operation of TCat-8, Suntory plans to move ahead with studies to consider the development of the first commercial-scale Bio-TCat plant.

To request a copy of an overview presentation about Anellotech and the Bio-TCat process, please click on this link: Contact Us



 

Share This:







 









 

 

















Technology | Anellotech, Inc | Cost Competitive Bio-Sourced Chemicals
























Skip to main content

















Renewable. Clean.  
 












Menu



































Home 
Technology






 

	New Technology to Produce Clean, Renewable Chemicals Currently Made From Petroleum.
Anellotech's core technology, Thermo Catalytic Biomass Conversion (Bio-TCat™) for production of chemicals from renewable, non-food biomass, is based on scientific research initially performed in Professor George Huber's laboratory at the University of Massachusetts-Amherst and subsequent developments by Anellotech.

Biomass (wood, sawdust, corn stover, sugar cane bagasse (byproduct), and other non-food materials) is dried and ground. The biomass is rapidly heated, and the resulting gases are immediately converted into hydrocarbons by a proprietary, reusable, sand-like zeolite catalyst. The resulting mixture of benzene, toluene and xylenes (bio-BTX), which is identical to petroleum-derived counterparts, can be further purified and separated by using well-known commercial technologies at either grass-roots or existing petrochemical infrastructures.

	Competitive Advantages
Process Efficiency: Bio-TCat™ performs all process reactions in one fluid bed reactor, where biomass is thermally broken down and then catalytically converted into BTX. This single step process uses a cost-effective catalyst being jointly developed with Johnson Matthey, to produce bio-BTX in commercially-attractive yields. By going directly from biomass to BTX in one step, Anellotech does not make a highly oxygenated bio-oil intermediate products, often seen in multi-step pyrolysis processes, and so avoids the need to add significant amounts of costly hydrogen. In fact, a process byproduct stream that we plan to burn to generate electricity, could alternatively be converted to a renewable source of hydrogen via a water-gas shift reactor.

Long-term Sustainability: Since the Bio-TCat starts with biomass and generates the required process energy from the feedstock itself, the bio-aromatics products are manufactured with a very low carbon-footprint.

Low Cost, Economic Competitiveness: Anellotech's ultimate competitive advantage is its use of a one-reactor catalytic process. Also, by using renewable and readily available non-food materials, such as wood, corn stover and bagasse, the Bio-TCat process is less expensive compared to processes relying on sugar as a feedstock, and avoids competition with the food chain. As a result, these renewable-sourced chemicals are expected to be produced and sold profitably against identical, petroleum-derived BTX counterparts.


	Patents
The Bio-TCat™ technology is covered under issued patents and filed patent applications owned by Anellotech as well as those licensed on an exclusive and global basis from the University of Massachusetts.

To request a copy of an overview presentation about Anellotech and the Bio-TCat process, please click on this link: Contact Us


 

Share This:







 









 

 
















Anellotech, Inc | Cost Competitive Bio-Sourced Chemicals






















Skip to main content

















Renewable. Clean.  
 












Menu



















Cost Competitive Bio-Sourced Chemicals

 

















  
 A practical & commercially viable pathway to bio-derived plastics
  

  
 Strong & committed strategic partners  

  
 Cost-competitive & sustainable bio-sourced chemicals  


‹
›



 
















In the News





 









News & More



 Anellotech Announces First Successful Performance Test of its TCat-8® Pilot Plant  

 Anellotech Announces Breakthrough in Extending Catalyst Lifetime  

 Anellotech Begins Commissioning of TCat-8® R&D Unit  Raises Funds, Announces Form D Filing for $1.5 Million Equity Investment  from a New Strategic Investor  



    More Press & Media >  


 

A green technology for a renewable future!








Learn more...
 





 

 









Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Anellotech, Inc.                                                                                                         - Pearl River                                       , NY         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NY



Pearl River



Cyclic Crudes and Intermediates



Cyclic Crudes And Intermediates



                            Anellotech, Inc.
                                    



 





















A 


Anellotech, Inc.                                                                                                        
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



401 N MIDDLETOWN RD PEARL RIVER, NY 10965
Get Directions



(845) 735-7700
www.anellotech.com                                                                                      





Business Info



 Founded 2008
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $396,554.00
 Employee Count 1
 Industries Cyclic Crudes And Intermediates
 Contacts David Sudolsky                                                                                                          







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Anellotech, Inc.                                                                                                         is located at 401 N Middletown Rd in Pearl River and has been in the business of Cyclic Crudes And Intermediates since 2008. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







A

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Anellotech, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 3:04 AM ET
Machinery

Company Overview of Anellotech, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Anellotech, Inc. develops a technology platform for producing petrochemicals and transportation fuels from renewable non-food biomass. Its Biomass to Aromatics technology produces benzene, toluene, and xylenes. The company serves petrochemical companies and chemical industries. Anellotech, Inc. has strategic alliances with IFP Energies nouvelles, Suntory Holdings Limited, and Axens. The company was founded in 2008 and is based in New York, New York.


401 North Middletown RoadBuilding 170APearl River, NY 10965United StatesFounded in 2008



Phone: 845-735-7700

Fax: 845-735-7799

www.anellotech.com







Key Executives for Anellotech, Inc.




Mr. David Sudolsky


      	Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of the Board of Directors
      








Mr. Anatoly Garelik


      	Director of Planning & Alliance Management
      








Dr. Charles Sorensen


      	Vice President of Research, Development & Engineering
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Anellotech, Inc. Key Developments

Anellotech, Inc. Presents at 2016 BIO World Congress on Industrial Biotechnology, Apr-18-2016 08:30 AM
Feb 26 16
Anellotech, Inc. Presents at 2016 BIO World Congress on Industrial Biotechnology, Apr-18-2016 08:30 AM. Venue: San Diego Convention Center, San Diego, California, United States. Speakers: David Sudolsky, Founder, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of the Board of Directors.


Anellotech Announces Installation of Fully-Integrated Development and Testing Facility
Jan 27 16
Anellotech announced that the company has broken ground on the installation of its fully-integrated development and testing facility (TCat-8™). Construction of a building and related facilities to house the pre-built unit began on January 27, 2016 in Silsbee, Hardin Country, Texas, on the site of Anellotech’s operating partner, South Hampton Resources (SHR), a wholly owned subsidiary of Trecora Resources. SHR received the building permit from the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality on January 20, 2016. As an integral component in the bio-based value chain, Anellotech’s proprietary thermal catalytic biomass conversion technology (Bio-TCat™) cost-competitively produces ‘drop-in’ green aromatic chemicals (benzene, toluene and xylenes, BTX) from non-food biomass. Scheduled to be fully installed and operational during 2016, TCat-8 will confirm the viability and suitability of the Bio-TCat process for scale-up, and generate the data needed to design commercial plants using Bio-TCat technology. The TCat-8 unit was jointly designed by Anellotech and its R&D partner IFPEN, and will use a novel catalyst under joint development by Anellotech and Johnson Matthey. As part of a multi-year R&D collaboration with Anellotech, IFPEN will be integral in the commissioning and operation of TCat-8, leading to commercialization and exclusive licensing of Bio-TCat technology by Axens, Anellotech’s partner for industrialization, commercialization, global licensing and technical support. In addition to extensive activities at its R&D center in Lyon, France, IFPEN will dedicate three, full-time senior engineers and technical experts at SHR’s site in Silsbee for two years to support the efforts, beginning in 2016. Anellotech’s highly collaborative program leverages IFPEN’s specific expertise in catalytic reactor modeling, catalyst regenerator design and aromatics processing to provide additional depth and breadth of experience to the Bio-TCat development program.


Anellotech and Suntory Enter Next Phase of Strategic Partnership to Develop 100% Bio-Based Plastics for Sustainable Beverage Bottles
Jan 13 16
Anellotech announced that the company has entered into the next phase of its strategic partnership with Suntory Holdings Limited. The partnership, which began in 2012 under a collaboration agreement that has provided more than $15 million in funding to date, is focused on advancing the development and commercialization of cost-competitive 100% bio-based plastics for use in beverage bottles as part of Suntory’s commitment to sustainable business practices. Suntory currently uses 30% plant-derived materials for their Mineral Water Suntory Tennensui brands and is pursuing the development of a 100% bio-bottle through this partnership. The Anellotech alliance with Suntory supports the development of bio-aromatics including bio-paraxylene, the key component needed to make 100% bio-based polyester for use in beverage bottles. As an integral component in the bio-based value chain, Anellotech’s proprietary thermal catalytic biomass conversion technology cost-competitively produces “drop in” green aromatics, including paraxylene and benzene, from non-food biomass. With construction now complete on its new, fully-integrated development and testing facility, Anellotech is ready to commence installation with groundbreaking scheduled for late January 2016. Operational in 2016, this 25 meter-tall unit will confirm the viability and suitability of the Bio-TCat process for scale-up, and generate the data needed to design commercial plants using Bio-TCat technology. The TCat-8 unit was jointly designed by Anellotech and its R&D partner IFPEN, and will use a novel catalyst under joint development by Anellotech and Johnson Matthey. After verification of the continuous operation of TCat-8, Suntory plans to move ahead with studies to consider the development of the first commercial-scale Bio-TCat plant. Suntory joins Anellotech’s existing partners IFP Energies nouvelles, Axens, Johnson Matthey, and a multinational corporate investor, which has provided a $7 million equity investment, the first tranche of a total $10 million investment.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 +Vantage Corporation United States 101 Imports, Inc. United States 21st Century Energy, Inc. United States 360 Yield Center, LLC United States 3DEO, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      May 11, 2017
			    
--



Private Placement

			      January 24, 2017
			    
--



Private Placement

			      September 26, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Anellotech, Inc., please visit www.anellotech.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























