


Philip Anschutz - Wikipedia





















 






Philip Anschutz

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Philip Anschutz


Born
Philip Frederick Anschutz
(1939-12-28) December 28, 1939 (age 77)
Russell, Kansas, U.S.


Residence
Denver, Colorado, U.S.


Nationality
American


Alma mater
University of Kansas


Occupation
Businessman


Net worth
US$12.5 billion (March 2017)[1]


Spouse(s)
Nancy Anschutz


Children
3


Philip Frederick Anschutz (/ˈænʃuːts/ AN-shoots; born December 28, 1939) is an American entrepreneur. Anschutz bought out his father's drilling company, Circle A Drilling, in 1961 and earned large returns in Wyoming. He has invested in stocks, real estate and railroads. He then began investing in entertainment companies, co-founding Major League Soccer as well as multiple teams, including the Los Angeles Galaxy, Chicago Fire, Houston Dynamo, San Jose Earthquakes, and the New York/New Jersey MetroStars. Anschutz owns stakes in the Los Angeles Lakers, Los Angeles Kings, and venues including the Staples Center, The O2, London, and the StubHub Center. Anschutz also invests in family films such as The Chronicles of Narnia, Ray, Joshua and the financial flop, Sahara. Forbes ranks him the 38th richest person in the U.S. with an estimated net worth of $12.5 billion as of March 2017.



Contents


1 Life and career

1.1 Land ownership
1.2 Rail and petroleum businesses
1.3 Entertainment - Anschutz Entertainment Group
1.4 Soccer
1.5 Other sports
1.6 Philanthropy
1.7 Other business ventures
1.8 Political and religious activism


2 References
3 External links



Life and career[edit]
Anschutz was born in Russell, Kansas, the son of Marian (née Pfister) and Frederick Benjamin Anschutz.[2][3] He has one older sister, Sue Anschutz-Rodgers, who became a Colorado rancher and philanthropist.[4][5] His father was an oil tycoon and land investor who invested in ranches in Colorado, Utah and Wyoming, and eventually went into the oil-drilling business. Carl Anschutz,[6] Anschutz's grandfather, an ethnic German who emigrated from Russia, started the Farmers State Bank in Russell, Kansas. Anschutz grew up in Russell, Wichita, and Hays, Kansas, where he lived near Bob Dole. In later years, Anschutz contributed to Dole's political campaigns. He graduated from Wichita High School East in 1957, and graduated with a bachelor's degree in business from the University of Kansas in 1961 where he was a member of the Sigma Chi Fraternity.[7] His first cousin was the fellow Russell native and long-time news anchor Wendall Anschutz.[8] A member of the Evangelical Presbyterian Church, he is a conservative Christian.[7][9] He and his wife Nancy, whom he met when he was 16, have three children. Anschutz was inducted into the Kansas Business Hall of Fame in 2000[10] and the U.S. Business Hall of Fame in 2002.[11]
Anschutz is a somewhat reclusive man who prefers to stay out of the limelight. He has granted only three formal interviews since 1979, and none at all from the 1980s until 2015.[12][13] On December 6, 2015, Anschutz broke his media silence when he appeared with several of the founders of Major League Soccer to reflect on the league's 20th anniversary.[14]
Land ownership[edit]
In 1970, Anschutz bought the 250,000-acre (1,000 km²) Baughman Farms, one of the country's largest farming corporations, in Liberal, Kansas, for $10 million. The following year, he acquired 9 million acres (36,000 km²) along the Utah-Wyoming border. This produced his first fortune in the oil business.[15] In the early 1980s, the Anschutz Ranch, with its 1 billion barrel (160,000,000 m³) oil pocket, became the largest oil field discovery in the United States since Prudhoe Bay in Alaska in 1968. He sold an interest in it to Mobil Oil for $500 million in 1982.
For several years, Anschutz was Colorado's sole billionaire. With his acquisition of land in other Western states, he is one of the 100 largest landholders in the United States.[16][17]
Anschutz then moved into railroads and telecommunications before venturing into the entertainment industry. In 1999, Fortune magazine compared him to the nineteenth-century tycoon J.P. Morgan, as both men "struck it rich in a fundamentally different way: they operated across an astounding array of industries, mastering and reshaping entire economic landscapes."
Rail and petroleum businesses[edit]
In 1984, he entered the railroad business by purchasing the Rio Grande Railroad's holding company, Rio Grande Industries. Four years later in 1988, the Rio Grande railroad purchased the Southern Pacific Railroad under his direction. With the merger of the Southern Pacific and Union Pacific Corporation in September 1996, Anschutz became Vice-Chairman of Union Pacific. Prior to the merger, he was a director of Southern Pacific from June 1988 to September 1996, and non-executive chairman of Southern Pacific from 1993 to September 1996. He was also a director of Forest Oil Corporation beginning in 1995. In November 1993 he became Director and Chairman of the Board of Qwest, stepping down as a nonexecutive co-chairman in 2002 but remaining on the board. He has also been a director for Pacific Energy Partners and served on the boards of the American Petroleum Institute, in Washington, D.C. and the National Petroleum Council in Washington, D.C.
In May 2001, the Bush administration upheld Anschutz's right to drill an exploratory oil well at Weatherman Draw in south-central Montana where Native American tribes wanted to preserve sacred rock drawings. Environmental groups, preservationists, and ten Native American tribes had appealed the decision without success. In April 2002, the Anschutz Exploration Corporation gave up its plans to drill for oil in the area. They donated its leases for oil and gas rights to the National Trust for Historic Preservation, which has pledged to let the leases expire, and the Bureau of Land Management said it had no plans to permit further leases there and would consider formal withdrawal of the 4,268 acre (17 km²) site from mineral leasing in its 2004 management plan. In recognition of its preservation efforts, The National Trust for Historic Preservation presented its President's Award to the Anschutz Exploration Corporation[18]
In May 2003, New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer reached a settlement with Anschutz after the AG filed a civil complaint accusing Anschutz of accepting IPO shares from Salomon Smith Barney in exchange for Qwest's investment banking business. Anschutz denied any wrongdoing but volunteered to donate a total of $4.4 million to settle the case as long as he selected the recipient organizations in advance.[19] Anschutz paid $100,000 to each of 32 New York nonprofit philanthropic groups, as well as $200,000 to each of six law schools. In return, Spitzer dropped his civil suit.[20] The payment was roughly equal to his profit from the practice of IPO "spinning"; thus, he actually suffered no penalty. The suit by Spitzer was panned in a Wall Street Journal editorial headlined, "The Anschutz Ransom".[21] The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the U.S. Department of Justice extensively investigated Qwest officials and determined there was no justification for taking action against any board member. The Denver Post summarized the implications for Anschutz: "Not only is Qwest founder and board member Philip Anschutz not a defendant in the long-awaited civil case against the regime of former Qwest chief executive Joe Nacchio, he doesn't even merit a mention in the 50-page complaint."[22]
In February 2006, the Denver Rocky Mountain News reported that Anschutz would not stand for re-election to the boards of Qwest and Union Pacific and would resign from the board of Regal Entertainment Group so he could focus on his other investments.[23]
On June 24, 2008, it was announced that Anschutz would buy Xanterra Parks and Resorts, which had purchased the Grand Canyon Railway in 2007.[24] In 2011, it was announced that Anschutz purchased the Oklahoma Publishing Company, and as part of their assets the Broadmoor and the Manitou and Pike's Peak Railway in Colorado Springs.[25]
Effective August 1, 2010, Xanterra Parks and Resorts purchased and assumed management of Kingsmill Resort. Xanterra purchased the resort from Busch Properties, Inc. (BPI).
Entertainment - Anschutz Entertainment Group[edit]
Main article: Anschutz Entertainment Group
The Anschutz Entertainment Group (AEG) is a sporting and music entertainment presenter and a subsidiary of The Anschutz Corporation. It is the owner of entertainment venues and under AEG Live the world's second largest presenter of live music and entertainment events after Live Nation.
On September 18, 2012, Anschutz announced he was putting AEG up for sale but decided not to accept[13] any of the bids, and on March 14 he took AEG off the market.[26]
Soccer[edit]
Anschutz is one of only four recipients of the National Soccer Hall of Fame's Medal of Honor for his contributions to growing the sport of soccer in the United States.[27] Sports Business Journal ranked Anschutz in 2006 as the #1 most influential person in soccer in the U.S.[28] Anschutz was one of the founders of Major League Soccer as well as multiple teams, including the Los Angeles Galaxy, Chicago Fire, Colorado Rapids, Houston Dynamo, San Jose Earthquakes, D.C. United, and the New York/New Jersey MetroStars.[29] He owns a stake in the StubHub Center, the stadium for the MLS team LA Galaxy and former MLS team Chivas USA. For some time, while MLS was struggling, Anschutz owned six MLS franchises and experienced significant financial losses. For this reason, Anschutz has been called the man who saved MLS.[30][31] MLS Commissioner Don Garber stated in 2006 that "without Phil Anschutz, there's no MLS today."[27]
Anschutz was instrumental in several MLS initiatives that have grown the league's revenues and profits. For example, Anschutz pushed for the building of soccer-specific stadiums, allowing MLS teams to increase revenue and better control costs.[27] Anschutz also advocated for MLS' creation of Soccer United Marketing, the league's sales and marketing arm.[27] Anschutz has since sold his stake in the Chicago, Denver, Houston, New York, San Jose and D.C. MLS teams and currently only owns the Galaxy.
Other sports[edit]
The SportsBusiness Journal named Anschutz the fifth most influential person in sports business in 2012 in its annual survey of the "50 Most Influential People in Sports Business."[32] Anschutz owns stakes in the Los Angeles Lakers and Los Angeles Kings and venues including the Staples Center and O2 Arena. AEG is the world's largest owner of sports teams, sports events, and sports venues.
Philanthropy[edit]
One of the world's wealthiest individuals, Anschutz has been an active philanthropist.[33] He was listed as #113 on the Forbes list of billionaires in January 2015, with a net worth of $10.3 billion.[34] He heads the Anschutz Foundation.
Anschutz and his wife have contributed over $100,000,000 to the new medical, dental, nursing, and pharmacy campus of the University of Colorado School of Medicine in Aurora, Colorado, which is now named the Anschutz Medical Campus in their honor. The land came from the recently closed Fitzsimons Army Medical Center, but millions were needed for the construction of new medical laboratory buildings and a new University Hospital on the land.
They have also donated to the University of Kansas, their alma mater. There is an Anschutz Library and Anschutz Sports Pavilion named in honor of their contributions.
In recognition of their philanthropic efforts, the Anschutzes were named the winners of the 2009 William E. Simon Prize for Philanthropic Leadership.[35]
Other business ventures[edit]
Anschutz had multiple other business ventures, including Forest Oil, Pacific Energy Group, Union Pacific Railroad (Anschutz is the company's largest shareholder, with a 6% stake), the Regal Entertainment Group, which is the largest movie theater chain in the world, with approximately 7,000 screens - Anschutz owns more than half of the company, and multiple newspapers and media groups. Anschutz has invested in, for example, the Clarity Media Group, a Denver-based publishing group that includes[36] newspapers like The Oklahoman, the largest newspaper in Oklahoma, the San Francisco Daily (purchased in 2004, sold in November 2011), the Washington Daily, which was spun off from a number of D.C. area suburban dailies, the Baltimore Daily, which launched in April 2006 and was shut down in early 2009, .com, a hyper-local web portal where citizen journalists write on local topics from news to blog-like stories, the Weekly Standard (purchased in 2009),[37] and The Gazette, the second-largest newspaper in Colorado with a daily circulation of 74,172 (purchased on November 30, 2012)[38] (Anschutz has trademarked the name "Examiner" in more than sixty cities.) Anschutz invested in both the Oil & Gas Asset Clearinghouse, which is an auction company designed for the Oil & Gas Business, and NRC Broadcasting, which owns a string of radio stations in Colorado. The Anschutz Investment Company also purchased LightEdge Solutions in February 2008. LightEdge is a business-to-business hosted services provider focused on Wide-Area-Networking, Voice-over-IP, Hosted Microsoft applications (Exchange, OCS, SharePoint), hosted servers/storage collocation cage and rackspace and Business Continuity Services.[39]
It was announced on September 15, 2011, that Anschutz would be acquiring all assets of the Oklahoma Publishing Company (OPUBCO) from the Gaylord and Dickinson families. Upon closing, Anschutz would operate OPUBCO separately from all his other publishing and media assets as its own independent company. Closing was expected in October 2011. In March 2012, it was reported that Anschutz was interested in buying the Rangers. He also invested in the Power Company of Wyoming LLC,[40] formed in 2007[41] (re-incorporated in 2010)[42]) for the purpose of building the Chokecherry and Sierra Madre wind power complex in Carbon County, Wyoming, comprising up to 1,000 wind turbines with up to 3,000 megawatts of capacity.[40] It will be sited on 229,077 acres, about half federal, about half privately owned by an affiliate, and a smattering of state lands.[43][44] According to the Bureau of Land Management, which on July 2, 2012, announced completion of the project's final Environmental Impact Statement, "Chokecherry and Sierra Madre are two distinct sites approximately five miles apart which are both being analyzed together. When combined, they comprise the largest commercial wind generation facility proposed in the U.S. and one of the largest in the world." Construction is expected to start in 2013, and cost an estimated $4 billion-$6 billion."[45]
Political and religious activism[edit]
Anschutz supported the Parents Television Council, a group that protests against television indecency.[46] He also financed and distributed films with Christian themes for mass audiences (through his two film production companies and ownership of much of the Regal, Edwards and United Artists theater chains) such as Amazing Grace and The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.[citation needed] He financed The Foundation for a Better Life. In 2009 Anschutz purchased the conservative American opinion magazine The Weekly Standard from Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation.[47] Anschutz and fellow board members of the American Petroleum Institute in Washington are credited by Bush's energy secretary for the Oval Office decision in 2001 to stand with the 95-0 vote in the U.S. Senate four years earlier against bringing ratification of the Kyoto Protocol to the floor for consideration. In 2010, he financed the pro-charter school film, Waiting for Superman.[48] In 2012, he financed the pro-parent trigger film, Won't Back Down.[49]
References[edit]


^ Forbes: The World's billionaires - Philip Anschutz September 2014
^ "chemistrydaily Resources and Information". Chemistrydaily.com. Retrieved April 8, 2017. 
^ "Denver Post: Archive Results". 
^ Lutz, Catherine (April 2, 2012). "The Aspen 50 – Forbes billionaires in Pitkin County". Aspen Business Journal. Retrieved January 12, 2017. 
^ "Sue Anschutz-Rodgers". Colorado Women's Hall of Fame. 2016. Retrieved January 12, 2017. 
^ A Standard History of Kansas and Kansans, by William E. Connelley Accessed March 2013.
^ a b Contemporary Honors Award Recipient Philip Anschutz, Kansas Business Hall of Fame, February 2000
^ Gilpin, Kenneth N. (October 4, 1984). "BUSINESS PEOPLE – BUSINESS PEOPLE – Anschutz Founder Shuns Limelight". The New York Times. Retrieved April 1, 2011. 
^ "Philip Anschutz: The Westerner" The Independent, July 8, 2006. Retrieved from Internet Archive June 30, 2016
^ "Contemporary Honors Award Recipient 2000 - School of Business | Emporia State University". www.emporia.edu. Retrieved December 7, 2015. 
^ "Junior Achievement U.S. Business Hall of Fame". 
^ Gordon, Philip. "Phil Anschutz's conservative agenda". Politico. Retrieved April 8, 2017. 
^ a b Markazi, Arash. Potential AEG sale raises questions. ESPN, September 18, 2012.
^ MLS founders reflect on 20 years of Major League Soccer. Major League Soccer, December 6, 2015.
^ "The real king of the Los Angeles Kings: mystery billionaire Philip Anschutz". June 12, 2012. 
^ O'Reilly, Brian (September 6, 1999). "Billionaire Next Door Philip Anschutz may be the richest American you've never heard of. But this in many ways ordinary guy is an extraordinary businessman, as we learned when we went hunting for the elusive". CNN. Retrieved May 22, 2010. 
^ "Land Report 100 – Largest Landowners In The U.S.". The Land Report. Retrieved April 8, 2017. 
^ "Anschutz Group Wins Recognition for Support Award Celebrates Valley of Chiefs Work". Rocky Mountain News. February 11, 2003. 
^ "Anschutz, Spitzer Settle, Then Fight". Forbes. May 14, 2003. 
^ Dead link at nydailynews.com, May 15, 2003.
^ WSJ Review and Outlook, May 15, 2003.
^ "Anschutz not named in lawsuit ... No indication action is pending". nl.newsbank.com. 
^ Dead link at rockymountainnews.com.
^ Whitehurst, Patrick (June 24, 2008). "New ownership for Xanterra, GC Railway". Williams News. Retrieved June 25, 2008. 
^ "Anschutz Buys Manitou & Pikes Peak". DRGW.Net. September 19, 2011. 
^ "Anschutz Says Luring NFL Team Is Priority After Ending AEG Sale". March 15, 2013 – via www.bloomberg.com. 
^ a b c d Sports Business Journal, Soccer’s visionary: Phil Anschutz, June 5, 2006, http://www.sportsbusinessdaily.com/Journal/Issues/2006/06/20060605/SBJ-In-Depth/Soccers-Visionary-Phil-Anschutz.aspx
^ Sports Business Journal, The 20 Most Influential People in Soccer, June 5, 2006, http://m.sportsbusinessdaily.com/Journal/Issues/2006/06/20060605/SBJ-In-Depth/The-20-Most-Influential-People-In-Soccer.aspx
^ "How Philip Anschutz Made Billions Seeing What Others Missed". The Motley Fool. July 20, 2015. 
^ SB Nation, The Two Sides of Phillip Anschutz: An American Soccer Savior With a Disturbing Social Agenda, November 10, 2011, http://www.dynamotheory.com/2011/11/10/2551015/the-two-sides-of-phillip-anschutz-houston-dynamo-la-galaxy-mls-cup-2011
^ TropiGol Sports, Anschutz saved MLS from extinction, September 19, 2012, http://www.tropigol.com/2012/09/19/anschutz-saved-mls-from-extinction/
^ December 10, 2012, Pages 20-22. "50 Most Influential: 2-10 - SportsBusiness Daily | SportsBusiness Journal | SportsBusiness Daily Global". SportsBusiness Daily. Retrieved April 8, 2017. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Philip Anschutz's Philanthropy page. Faces of Philanthropy, accessed December 23, 2010.
^ Forbes realtime list of billionaires, Forbes, accessed January 18, 2015.
^ Jonathan Last, "Pass It On", Philanthropy Roundtable, Fall 2009.
^ Clarity
^ Corcoran, Michael. "The Weekly Standard’s War: Murdoch sells the magazine that sold the Iraq invasion", Fairness and Accuracy in Reporting, September 2009.
^ Avery, Greg (November 30, 2012). "Anschutz buys Colorado Springs Gazette". Denver Business Journal. Retrieved November 30, 2012. 
^ "The Anschutz Co. buys Des Moines firm", Denver Business Journal, March 25, 2008, accessed March 10, 2011
^ a b "Power Company of Wyoming: Chokecherry and Sierra Madre Wind Energy Project". 
^ "Business Entity Detail - Wyoming Secretary of State". 
^ "Business Entity Detail - Wyoming Secretary of State". 
^ "BLM project map, accessed 2012/07/05". 
^ "BLM. Chokecherry & Sierra Madre Wind Energy Project Final EIS, Volume II, Chapter 1, page 4" (PDF). 
^ "Chokecherry and Sierra Madre project description pdf, accessed 2012/07/05". 
^ Clark, Justin, "Citizen Anschutz: How the conservative Christian head of Regal Cinemas is trying to change how you see movies", Nerve.com, March 23, 2006.
^ "Weekly Standard sold to Washington Examiner parent company", Washington Examiner, June 17, 2009.
^ Substance News, October 28, 2010 http://www.substancenews.net/articles.php?page=1746
^ Josh Eidelson, "Walmart, Right-Wing Media Company Hold Star-Studded Benefit Promoting Education Reform Film" In These Times, August 13, 2012, http://www.inthesetimes.com/working/entry/13643/walmart_anschutz_teachers_rock_wont_back_down_union_parent_trigger_viola_da/


External links[edit]

"The Man Behind the Curtain", Forbes, 2010-11-08.
"Philip Anschutz, Chairman and CEO, The Anschutz Corporation, Denver, CO", The Horatio Alger Association of Distinguished Americans.
Bruck, Connie, "The Man Who Owns LA", The New Yorker, January 16, 2012.
Philip Anschutz on IMDb








v
t
e


Current National Hockey League owners















Eastern Conference







Atlantic Division
Metropolitan Division






Jeremy Jacobs (Boston Bruins)
Terrence Pegula (Buffalo Sabres)
Ilitch Holdings (Detroit Red Wings)
Vincent Viola (Florida Panthers)
Molson family (Montreal Canadiens)
Eugene Melnyk (Ottawa Senators)
Jeffrey Vinik (Tampa Bay Lightning)
Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment (Toronto Maple Leafs)








Peter Karmanos Jr. (Carolina Hurricanes)
John P. McConnell (Columbus Blue Jackets)
Joshua Harris (New Jersey Devils)
Jon Ledecky and Scott D. Malkin (New York Islanders)
The Madison Square Garden Company (New York Rangers)
Comcast Spectacor (Philadelphia Flyers)
Mario Lemieux and Ronald Burkle (Pittsburgh Penguins)
Ted Leonsis (Washington Capitals)


















Western Conference







Central Division
Pacific Division






Rocky Wirtz (Chicago Blackhawks)
Ann Walton Kroenke (Colorado Avalanche)
Tom Gaglardi (Dallas Stars)
Craig Leipold (Minnesota Wild)
Predators Holdings LLC (Nashville Predators)
SLB Acquisition Holdings LLC (St. Louis Blues)
True North Sports & Entertainment (Winnipeg Jets)








Henry Samueli (Anaheim Ducks)
Andrew Barroway (Arizona Coyotes)
Calgary Sports and Entertainment (Calgary Flames)
Oilers Entertainment Group (Edmonton Oilers)
Anschutz Entertainment Group (Los Angeles Kings)
San Jose Sports & Entertainment (San Jose Sharks)
Canucks Sports & Entertainment (Vancouver Canucks)
Black Knight Sports & Entertainment (Vegas Golden Knights)




















v
t
e


Los Angeles Kings






Founded in 1967
Based in Los Angeles, California





Franchise



Team
General managers
Coaches
Players
Captains
Draft picks (Expansion draft)
Seasons
Current season





History



History
1967 expansion
Records
Award winners
Retired numbers





Personnel



Owners
Philip Anschutz
Edward P. Roski
General manager
Rob Blake
Head coach
John Stevens
Team captain
Anze Kopitar
Current roster





Arenas



Long Beach Arena
Los Angeles Memorial Sports Arena
The Forum
Staples Center





Rivalries



Anaheim Ducks





Affiliates



AHL
Ontario Reign
ECHL
Manchester Monarchs





Media



Broadcasters
TV: FSN West/Prime Ticket
Radio: KABC (790 AM)





Culture and lore



I Love L.A.
Bailey
Frozen Fury
Miracle on Manchester
1991 Las Vegas outdoor game
Garnet Bailey and Mark Bavis
The Love Guru
2011 NHL Premiere
2014 NHL Stadium Series
2015 NHL Stadium Series









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 21999168
LCCN: nr91027329
ISNI: 0000 0000 5088 5979
GND: 122719832










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Philip_Anschutz&oldid=790712417"					
Categories: American business executivesAmerican investors1939 birthsLiving peopleAnschutz CorporationAmerican billionairesAmerican energy industry businesspeopleAmerican entertainment industry businesspeopleAmerican newspaper publishers (people)American philanthropistsAmerican PresbyteriansAmerican people of German descentAmerican railway entrepreneursAmerican real estate businesspeopleAmerican soccer chairmen and investorsAmerican stock tradersChicago Fire Soccer ClubColorado Rapids ownersColorado RepublicansHouston DynamoLos Angeles Kings ownersLos Angeles Lakers ownersMajor League Soccer executivesNew York Red BullsNational Soccer Hall of Fame membersPeople from Russell, KansasThe San Francisco Examiner peopleSan Jose EarthquakesSouthern Pacific Railroad peopleUniversity of Kansas alumniWomen's National Basketball Association executivesAmerican railroadersStanley Cup championsPeople from Wichita, KansasPeople from Hays, KansasHidden categories: CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listUse mdy dates from April 2017Pages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2011Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어ItalianoSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 15 July 2017, at 16:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Philip F. Anschutz - SourceWatch




















Philip F. Anschutz

From SourceWatch


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Philip F. Anschutz is the billionaire co-founder of Qwest Communications, among the largest land-owners in Colorado, a major player in the oil, railroad, and media markets, and according to Forbes, he is the 42nd wealthiest man in America.[1] He also has large and plentiful investments in sports teams (such as several soccer teams[2], the LA Lakers and the LA Kings), stadiums and newspapers (San Francisco Examiner and the SF Independent).[3]
As of March 2016, Anschutz's estimated net worth is $10.6 billion.[1]



Contents


1 Bio
2 Tax Avoidance
3 Republican donations, conservative causes
4 Right-Wing Content Embedded in Film
5 Movie theaters
6 The Foundation for a Better Life
7 Random Acts of Kindness Foundation
8 Print Journalism
9 Lawsuits
10 Anschutz Empire
11 Resources and articles

11.1 References
11.2 Related SourceWatch articles
11.3 External resources
11.4 External articles





Bio
"Philip F. Anschutz was born in Russell, Kansas, in 1939 (some sources say it was Grand Bend). His father, Fred Anschutz, was a renowned oilfield wildcatter who made and lost several fortunes." [4]
Tax Avoidance
In her book Dark Money, Jane Mayer writes that Anschutz, a major funder of the right-wing movement,

"had attempted to avoid paying capital gains taxes in a 2000-2001 transaction by using what are called prepaid variable forward contracts. These contracts allow wealthy shareholders such as Anschutz, whose fortune Forbes estimated at $11.8 billion as of 2015, to promise to give shares to investment firms at a later date, in exchange for cash up front. Because the stock does not immediately change hands, capital gains taxes are not paid. According to The New York Times, Anschutz raised $375 million in 2000-2001 by promising shares in his oil and natural gas companies through the firm Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette."[5]

Republican donations, conservative causes
"Anschutz is an active Republican donor," Annys Shin wrote November 21, 2004, in the Washington Post. "Since 1996, he, his companies and members of his family have given more than $500,000 in campaign contributions to GOP candidates and committees."[6]
"In 1987, Anschutz's family foundation gave Focus on the Family founder James Dobson an award for his 'contributions to the American Family."[6]
Right-Wing Content Embedded in Film
Anschutz "has entered Hollywood, financing almost a dozen projects with his Anschutz Film Group, the recently dismantled Crusader Entertainment, and the more recent Walden Media [1].
Anshutz has been criticized for embedding right-wing ideological content in his movies.
Anshutz's 2010 film "Waiting for Superman" attacked the public school system, cheering on private charters as an alternative. Author and academic Rick Ayers lambasted the accuracy of the film, describing it as "a slick marketing piece full of half-truths and distortions."[7] In Ayers' view, the "corporate powerhouses and the ideological opponents of all things public" have employed the film to "break the teacher's unions and to privatize education," while driving teachers' wages even lower and running "schools like little corporations."[7] Ayers also critiqued the film's promotion of a greater focus on "top-down instruction driven by test scores," positing that extensive research has demonstrated that standardized testing "dumbs down the curriculum" and "reproduces inequities," while marginalizing "English language learners and those who do not grow up speaking a middle class vernacular."[7] Lastly, Ayers says that "schools are more segregated today than before Brown v. Board of Education in 1954," and thus criticized the film for not mentioning that "black and brown students are being suspended, expelled, searched, and criminalized."[7]
Diane Ravitch, Research Professor of Education at New York University and a nonresident senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, similarly criticizes the film's lack of accuracy.[8] The most substantial distortion in the film, according to Ravitch, is the film's claim that "70 percent of eighth-grade students cannot read at grade level," a misrepresentation of data from the National Assessment of Educational Progress.[8] Ravitch served as a board member with the NAEP and says that "the NAEP doesn't measure performance in terms of grade-level achievement," as claimed in the film, but only as "advanced," "proficient," and "basic." The film assumes that any student below proficient is "below grade level," but this claim is not supported by the NAEP data. Ravitch says that a study by Stanford University economist Margaret Raymond of 5000 charter schools found that only 17% are superior in math test performance to a matched public school, and many perform badly, casting doubt on the film's claim that privately managed charter schools are the solution to bad public schools.[8] (The film says, however, that it is focusing on the one in five superior charter schools, or close to 17%, that do outperform public schools.) One of the reasons for the high test scores, writes Ravitch, is that many charter schools expel low-performing students to bring up their average scores. Ravitch also writes that many charter schools are involved in "unsavory real estate deals" [8]
Anschutz’s 2012 film "Won't Back Down" portrays so-called "Parent Trigger" laws as an effective mechanism for transforming underperforming public schools. “But the film's distortion of the facts prompts a closer examination of its funders and backers and a closer look at those promoting Parent Trigger as a cure for what ails the American education system. While Parent Trigger was first promoted by a small charter school operator in California, it was taken up and launched into hyperdrive by two controversial right-wing organizations: the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC) and the Heartland Institute,” reports the Center for Media and Democracy publisher of Sourcewatch.org. [9]
"Other projects include movies based on classroom books and a partnership with Disney to turn C.S. Lewis' Narnia series into a string of movies. He spent millions developing Children on Their Birthdays, a Truman Capote short story that stalled on release. For his religious film, Joshua, US Sentator Orrin Hatch (R-UT) is contributing his self-written song, Everyday Heroes."[10]
In December 2005, Bill Berkowitz wrote for Media Transparency the following about the film Chronicles of Narnia: "'Walden and Disney claim that they have sent out 'Narnia' materials to every elementary and middle school in America. That includes posters, educational guides and more than 90,000 copies of the novel,' all of which will serve Anschutz's conservative Christian agenda."[11]
Movie theaters
"His controlling ownership of Regal Entertainment Group has allowed him to place advertisements boosting faith in America before films. Some suspect this costs him little out of pocket expense as he owns the screens and can put up whatever he likes."[12]
In September 2001, Anschutz took control of Edwards Theaters Circuit and a majority stake in United Artists Theater Group of Englewood.[13]
The Foundation for a Better Life
Anschutz and family members are the finance and board of directors for the non-profit The Foundation For a Better Life, a feel-good, family-values based organization bent on pushing happy, happy messages to the American populace such as, "My fondest memory of my Dad occurred one summer day out in the middle of a mountain lake..." and so on.[14]
Anschutz's foundation is spending millions every year posting morally-uplifting billboards around the country featuring American favorites like Kermit the Frog (Eats flies. Dates a pig. Hollywood star), the Ogre from Shrek (Believe in yourself), and Christopher Reeves aka SuperMan (Strength). Lesser knowns include heroes like Alex and her lemonade stand (Inspiration) and a blind mountain climber (Vision).[15]
Random Acts of Kindness Foundation
Another closely related group, The Random Acts of Kindness Foundation bills itself as the U.S. delegate to the World Kindness Movement which is "creating a global network of kindness and compassion".[16]
Some have noticed a stylistic similarity between free Mormon Bible adds on television in the 1980s and Anschutz's messages. The president of the foundation, Gary Dixon, is a Brigham Young University alumnus. [2]
Print Journalism
In spring 2009, Anschutz bought the conservative Weekly Standard and the conservative Washington Examiner (for $1 million) despite reports that these have "little hope of making any money."[17]
Lawsuits
Anschutz was sued by New York Attorney General Elliot L. Spitzer in 2002 for making $1.5 billion in "unjust revenue". The two reached upon an agreement where Anschutz admitted no wrongdoing but paid $4.4 million to law schools and charities. In return, Spitzer dropped the lawsuit.[6]
Anschutz Empire
As of March 2005, the "Anschutz Empire" included:[18]

Anschutz Company, "which has stakes in five U.S. soccer teams, including the MLS's San Jose Earthquakes, Los Angeles Galaxy, Chicago Fire and Colorado Rapids; the NHL's Los Angeles Kings; the NBA's Los Angeles Lakers; the Staples Center and the Kodak Theater in Los Angeles; and the London Arena."
Crusader Entertainment
Forest Oil
Pacific Energy Group
Qwest Communications, "regional telephone company (he owns 17 percent of the company.)"
Regal Entertainment Group "(the largest U.S. theater chain with approximately 6,000 screens. Anschutz owns more than half of the company, which is a collection of former bankrupt chains. It operates under the Regal Cinemas, Edwards Theaters, United Artists Theaters, and Hoyts Cinemas brands.)"
Union Pacific Railroad "(he is the company's largest shareholder, with 6 percent.)"
Clarity Media Group, owner of the San Francisco Examiner and Washington Examiner. In June 2009, Clarity Media Group acquired The Weekly Standard, a conservative opinion journal, from Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation.[19]
Honorary Trustee, American Museum of Natural History [20]

Resources and articles
References

↑ 1.0 1.1 Philip Anschutz Profile Forbes, March 9, 2016.
↑ Virtual Soccer Magazine, Boston fans rally around Garber for MLS Cup finals. Show of support for new commissioner, renewed beginning, and two great teams, Wayback Machine, November 21, 1999.
↑ Paul Elias, Billionaire investor Anschutz buys San Francisco Examiner, Associated Press (San Francisco Chronicle), February 19, 2004.
↑ Reference for Business, The Anschutz Company, small business encyclopedia, accessed May 6, 2016.
↑ Jane Mayer, Dark Money: The Hidden History of the Billionaires Behind the Rise of the Radical Right, 2016.
↑ 6.0 6.1 6.2 Annys Shin, A Low Profile and a Large Footprint. Anschutz Makes Mark on Area With Soccer, Newspapers, Washington Post, November 21, 2004.
↑ 7.0 7.1 7.2 7.3 Rick Ayers, An Inconvenient Superman: Davis Guggenheim's New Film Hijacks School Reform, The Huffington Post, September 17, 2010.
↑ 8.0 8.1 8.2 8.3 Diane Ravitch, The Myth of Charter Schools, The New York Review of Books, November 11, 2010.
↑ Mary Bottari, Won't Back Down Film Pushes ALEC Parent Trigger, PRWatch.org, 2012.
↑ George Anders, The reel life of Phil Anschutz. Qwest co-founder bankrolls wholesome film fare with mixed results, Wall Street Journal (posted by Rocky Mountain News and re-posted at DickStaub.com), April 23, 2004.
↑ Bill Berkowitz, The movie, the media, and the conservative politics of Philip Anschutz. 'Greediest executive in America' teams up with Walt Disney Pictures for film about Christ's 'resurrection', Media Transparency (posted onYubanet.com), December 2, 2005.
↑ Unsourced.
↑ Denver entrepreneur Phil Anschutz to take over Regal Cinemas Inc., Atlanta Business Chronicle, September 6, 2001.
↑ The Foundation for a Better Life, Inspirational Quotes, organizational website, accessed May 6, 2015.
↑ The Foundation for a Better Life, Billboards, organizational website, accessed May 6, 2016.
↑ Random Acts of Kindness Foundation, About the Foundation, organizational website, screenshot from July 26, 2003.
↑ Michael Calderone, Phil Anschutz's conservative agenda, Politico, October 16, 2009.
↑ orcutt, Anschutz Empire, The Daily Kos, March 2, 2005.
↑ Patrick Gavin, Its offical: Anschutz buys the Weekly Standard, Politico, June 17, 2009.
↑ American Museum of Natural History, Trustees, , accessed April 19, 2010.

Related SourceWatch articles

Controlling the message
Qwest Communications

External resources
External articles

Laura Rich, And Now, Our Digital Presentation - Industry Trend or Event, The Industry Standard (FindArticles.com), February 12, 2001.
Keith Dovkants, Doubts over 'Dome saviour', Evening Standard (This Is London) (UK), February 10, 2002.
Christy, The Next Rupert Murdoch?, Think Progress, February 12, 2005.
Dirk Smillie, The Stealth Media Mogul: Billionaire Philip Anschutz is quietly building a small empire of social-networking sites, newspapers and now a leading conservative weekly, Forbes.com, June 29, 2009.




 
						Retrieved from "http://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php?title=Philip_F._Anschutz&oldid=694529"					
Categories: MediaPolitics (U.S.)United StatesPeople 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Log in 



Namespaces

Page
Discussion




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


What Is CMD?Donate HereALEC ExposedOutsourcing America ExposedKoch ExposedFrackSwarmCoalSwarmNFIB ExposedFix the DebtState Policy NetworkToxic SludgeRecent ChangesRandom page 



How To


Sign Up to EditContact UsHelp Write HistoryResearch CorporationsEdit an ArticleCorrect ErrorsSearch EffectivelyFind FAQsExplore Our IndexBlow the WhistleFind the Home Page 



Other Info


About SourceWatchAbout PRWatchSearch CategoriesRandom Article 



Other Policies


Ground RulesDisclaimersCopyright Info 



Ads



 


Tools


What links hereRelated changesSpecial pagesPrintable versionPermanent linkPage informationCite this page 






 This page was last modified on 6 May 2016, at 12:40.
Content is available under Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike unless otherwise noted.


Privacy policy
About SourceWatch
Disclaimers
Press Inquiries
Mobile view



 

 
















Anschutz, Philip F. | Volga German Institute




















Skip to main content








Toggle navigation












 


Biographies
Anschutz, Philip F.
 




Anschutz, Philip F. 
Profession: BusinessmanBiography: Born 28 December 1939 in Russell, Kansas, Philip Anschutz traces his Volga German ancestry to the colony of Nieder-Monjou. His father was Fred Anschutz. The family moved from Russell to Hays to Wichita where Phil graduated from high school. He graduated from the University of Kansas with a degree in finance.
An American entrepreneur, Anschutz made his initial fortune in farming and ranching, oil, railroads, and telecommunications. He has also ventured into music and sports entertainment. Anschutz Entertainment Group owns (or has owned) the following sports fanchises:
Los Angeles Galaxy (soccer)
Houston Dynamo (soccer)
Los Angeles Kings (hockey)
Manchester Monarchs (hockey)
Reading Royals (hockey)
Djurgårdens IF (hockey)
Hamburg Freezers (hockey)
Eisbären Berlin (hockey)
Los Angeles Lakers (basketball)
Hammarby IF (European football)
Los Angeles Riptide (Lacrosse)
He also owns/operates the following sports facilities:
Staples Center – Los Angeles
Home Depot Center – Los Angeles
XL Center – Hartford
Rentschler Field - Hartford
Evening News Arena – Manchester
London Dome – London
Millennium Dome - London
Source(s): - Philip Anschutz (wikipedia)
- Philip F. Anschutz (SourceWatch) - O'Reilly, Brian. "Billionaire Next Door." Forbes (6 September 1999). [Online]
Volga Colonies: Nieder-MonjouImmigration: Russell, Russell Co., KansasDenver, Denver Co., Colorado 


Philip Anschutz


Anschutz Kansas farm (1910).

 













Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 




Neil Gorsuch Has Web of Ties to Secretive Billionaire - The New York Times





































































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





Politics|Neil Gorsuch Has Web of Ties to Secretive Billionaire







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search



https://nyti.ms/2nlnNyo








Advertisement








Supported by



Politics

Neil Gorsuch Has Web of Ties to Secretive Billionaire

By CHARLIE SAVAGE and JULIE TURKEWITZMARCH 14, 2017



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story










Photo






Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, President Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court, represented a Colorado billionaire’s companies and lower-ranking business executives.

Credit
            Al Drago/The New York Times        



WASHINGTON — The publicity-shy billionaire Philip F. Anschutz inherited an oil and gas firm and built it into an empire that has sprawled into telecommunications, railroads, real estate, resorts, sports teams, stadiums, movies and conservative publications like The Weekly Standard and The Washington Examiner.Mr. Anschutz’s influence is especially felt in his home state of Colorado, where years ago Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, a Denver native, the son of a well-known Colorado Republican and now President Trump’s nominee for the Supreme Court, was drawn into his orbit.As a lawyer at a Washington law firm in the early 2000s, Judge Gorsuch represented Mr. Anschutz, his companies and lower-ranking business executives as an outside counsel. In 2006, Mr. Anschutz successfully lobbied Colorado’s lone Republican senator and the Bush administration to nominate Judge Gorsuch to the federal appeals court. And since joining the court, Judge Gorsuch has been a semiregular speaker at the mogul’s annual dove-hunting retreats for the wealthy and politically prominent at his 60-square-mile Eagles Nest Ranch.“They say a country’s prosperity depends on three things: sound money, private property and the rule of law,” Judge Gorsuch said at the 2010 retreat, according to his speaker notes from that year. “This crowd hardly needs to hear from me about the first two of the problems we face on those scores.”

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

With the Senate Judiciary Committee set to take up Judge Gorsuch’s nomination next week, Democrats have based much of their criticism of him on the argument that his judicial and economic philosophy unduly favors corporations and the wealthy. But his relationship with Mr. Anschutz, 77, whose fortune is estimated by Forbes to be $12.6 billion, has received scant attention. Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





The Federalist Society and the Heritage Foundation, which developed the list of potential Supreme Court nominees from which Mr. Trump selected Judge Gorsuch, receive funding from Mr. Anschutz. But it is not clear how well the two know each other, in part because the mogul and those around him keep a low profile.
Photo






A property in Granby, Colo., co-owned by Judge Gorsuch and high-ranking members in the business empire of the billionaire Philip F. Anschutz.

Credit
            Julie Turkewitz/The New York Times        


When a reporter called Mr. Anschutz’s company and asked for a press officer, a woman who answered said, “We do not respond to media requests.” She hung up when asked her name.But he has connections with others who work with the Colorado billionaire. For nearly a dozen years, Judge Gorsuch has been partners in a limited-liability company with two of Mr. Anschutz’s top lieutenants. Together, they own a 40-acre property on the Colorado River in the mountains northwest of Denver, where they built a vacation home together.Judge Gorsuch began representing Mr. Anschutz and his companies when he was working for the Washington law firm then known as Kellogg Huber. Mark Hansen, a senior partner at the firm, said he assigned the future judge, then a junior partner, to help on various cases involving the Anschutz Company “both because of his skills and experience and because he had expressed to me an interest in getting involved in things relating to his home state.”A 2004 case was typical. A teachers’ retirement fund that owned shares in the Regal Entertainment theater chain sued over its decision to issue a debt-financed dividend that would permit Mr. Anschutz, who owned 58 percent of the company, to extract $368 million. The plaintiffs said this amounted to self-dealing.Judge Gorsuch helped win a ruling in Regal’s favor by arguing that it could handle the extra debt, telling a judge, “This company is what some analysts call a cash cow.”Another set of shareholder lawsuits in which Mr. Gorsuch represented Mr. Anschutz involved Qwest Communications International, whose stock price had collapsed amid an accounting fraud scandal after Mr. Anschutz, a Qwest board member, had sold off a large stake. Mr. Hansen said a judge dismissed Mr. Anschutz from the case, although Qwest paid a settlement.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

In 2005, Judge Gorsuch left private practice to work at the Justice Department. But soon afterward, a seat on the federal appeals court in Denver became vacant, and Mr. Anschutz sought to secure it for him.
Photo






The billionaire Philip F. Anschutz helps fund the Heritage Foundation and the Federalist Society, which developed the list of potential nominees from which President Trump selected Judge Gorsuch.

Credit
            David Zalubowski/Associated Press        


In January 2006, a top lawyer for Mr. Anschutz sent a letter on the billionaire’s behalf to President George W. Bush’s White House counsel, Harriet E. Miers, suggesting that he nominate Judge Gorsuch. The letter said Mr. Anschutz had spoken to Colorado’s only Republican senator at the time, Wayne Allard, about his idea.“I have had the pleasure of knowing Mr. Gorsuch for several years, as we worked closely together on several complex federal cases,” wrote the lawyer, Bruce Black, who is now the executive vice president and general counsel of the Anschutz Company. “I have found Mr. Gorsuch to be an exceptionally talented lawyer.”When he was named to the appeals court, Judge Gorsuch sought to recuse himself from numerous Anschutz-related cases “because my former client” was involved, according to a list he submitted to the Senate.In 2007 he did participate in a case involving a firm that had merged with Qwest. The disability fund of the old firm, not Qwest, was named as the defendant, although the opinion, written by another judge, noted the old firm was “now Qwest.”Liz Johnson, a spokeswoman for Judge Gorsuch, portrayed his participation in that Anschutz-linked case as inadvertent, explaining that he did not include the old firm’s name in a recusal list he filed with the court clerk because “it did not exist as an independent company” when he became a judge.Steven Lubet, a Northwestern University law professor who has written about judicial ethics and recusals, said that so long as Judge Gorsuch disqualifies himself on a case-by-case basis from Supreme Court cases that are too involved with Mr. Anschutz’s interests, his ties to the billionaire should not be a problem.But the judge appears to be leaving the door open to participating in Anschutz-related cases on the Supreme Court.
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story
Get the Morning Briefing by Email What you need to know to start your day, delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday. 


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




Ms. Johnson said his recusal practices at the appeals court went further than what is required on the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court’s procedure is that individual justices decide for themselves whether any particular case meets a vague standard for recusal set by a 1974 statute. It does not address whether cases involving former clients raise an improper appearance of a conflict of interest.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

James Sample, a Hofstra University law professor who has studied Supreme Court recusals, said, “It’s very reasonable to ask a Supreme Court nominee for a more thorough answer” about how he will weigh such decisions, especially since “it seems as though there is a kind of continuous relationship — this is not just a past client.”One of the Anschutz executives Judge Gorsuch represented in a Qwest lawsuit was Cannon Harvey, the head of the venture capital investment arm of Mr. Anschutz’s empire. In 2005, a company called the Walden Group filed paperwork  with the Colorado secretary of state that listed Mr. Harvey as the company’s registered agent, but did not disclose any other partners’ identities.But when he was nominated for the appeals court, Judge Gorsuch disclosed in his Senate questionnaire that he was a partner, too. The Walden Group attracted little attention until his nomination to the Supreme Court, when American Bridge, a liberal research group, identified public records about it that linked Judge Gorsuch to Mr. Harvey.Days after its formation, the Walden Group purchased a 40-acre property along the Colorado River’s headwaters in the mountains northwest of Denver. The group then built a 2,923-square-foot log house there overlooking “the quiet seclusion of the private fishery,” including both sides of 2,000 feet of the river, according to a real estate listing.Ms. Johnson said the Walden Group has three partners: Judge Gorsuch, Mr. Harvey and Kevin Conwick. The judge befriended Mr. Harvey while representing Anschutz companies, and Mr. Conwick was a friend of the judge’s late father, a Denver lawyer, she said.Mr. Conwick is also another important member of Mr. Anschutz’s network. His law firm profile focuses on his work through the years as the billionaire’s counsel in deals to buy sports teams and develop stadium and entertainment district projects, like the Staples Center in Los Angeles.
Photo






The Walden Group, including Judge Gorsuch, purchased a 40-acre property along the Colorado River’s headwaters in the mountains northwest of Denver.

Credit
            Julie Turkewitz/The New York Times        


Ms. Johnson said Judge Gorsuch contributed $360,000 to the Walden Group, giving him a 20 percent stake; Mr. Harvey and Mr. Conwick each own 40 percent. She said the partners divide the time when each has a right to vacation on the river property, as well as taxes and utilities, based on their respective shares.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Although the judge’s stake is smaller than his partners’, county records direct correspondence about the property to him at the federal courthouse in Denver.A longtime friend of Judge Gorsuch’s whom Ms. Johnson made available to discuss the property said the partnership had its origin years ago, when Judge Gorsuch’s father and a dozen friends — including Mr. Conwick — bought an adjoining property to be a timeshare they called the Walden Hollow Fishing Club. When the 40-acre property became available, the judge persuaded Mr. Harvey and Mr. Conwick to partner with him to buy it for a similar timeshare, the friend said.Mr. Conwick and Mr. Harvey declined to discuss the partnership, but since 2015, the Walden Group has been trying to sell the property, and few neighbors know who owns it.“They’re very protective of their fishing,” said Dawn Murphy, 46, who said she was one of only a few year-round residents nearby.But down the gravel road from Ms. Murphy’s cabin, a man outside a ranch house identified himself as the river property’s caretaker.“I’m one of maybe half a dozen people in this valley who know of Neil Gorsuch,” he said.Then, emphasizing that he was a former law enforcement official, he asked a reporter to leave.

 Correction: March 16, 2017  
Because of an editing error, an earlier version of this article mischaracterized the origin of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch’s partnership with two other men to buy a 40-acre property. Judge Gorsuch proposed the arrangement, not his father. 


Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.







Related Coverage










Democrats’ Line of Attack on Gorsuch: No Friend of the Little Guy
MARCH 13, 2017













In Judge Neil Gorsuch, an Echo of Scalia in Philosophy and Style
JAN. 31, 2017













In Fall of Gorsuch’s Mother, a Painful Lesson in Politicking
FEB. 4, 2017









U.S. Court Rules Against Tax Deferral Strategy
JULY 23, 2010









New Owner for Weekly Standard as Political Tastes Change
AUG. 2, 2009
























Related Coverage







Democrats’ Line of Attack on Gorsuch: No Friend of the Little Guy
MARCH 13, 2017













In Judge Neil Gorsuch, an Echo of Scalia in Philosophy and Style
JAN. 31, 2017













In Fall of Gorsuch’s Mother, a Painful Lesson in Politicking
FEB. 4, 2017















U.S. Court Rules Against Tax Deferral Strategy
JULY 23, 2010









New Owner for Weekly Standard as Political Tastes Change
AUG. 2, 2009









Koch Brothers Making Play for Tribune’s Newspapers
APRIL 20, 2013












Show All







What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times


























Anschutz Properties Company                                                                                              - Denver                                            , CO         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CO



Denver



Sports Clubs, Managers, and Promoters



Soccer Club



                            Anschutz Properties Company
                                    



 





















A 


Anschutz Properties Company                                                                                             
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



555 17TH ST STE 2400 DENVER, CO 80202
Get Directions



(303) 298-1000
 





Business Info



 Founded 1994
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $63,746.00
 Employee Count 65
 Industries Soccer Club
 Contacts Philip F Anschutz                                                                                                       







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Anschutz Properties Company                                                                                              was founded in 1994, and is located at 555 17th St Ste 2400 in Denver. Additional information is available at                                                                                                          or by contacting Philip F Anschutz                                                                                                        at (303) 298-1000. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







A

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















mls cup - philip max









































Toggle navigation























PixelSquid 




empty




Login / Join












MLS Trophy - Philip F Anschutz - US League

by RedTrey























 40% Complete (success) 
























































$39.99

Add to Cart



Royalty Free License - Editorial Uses AllowedExtended Uses May Need Clearances


 The intellectual property depicted in this model, including the brand "mls", is not affiliated with or endorsed by the original rights holders. Editorial uses of this product are allowed, but other uses (such as within computer games) may require legal clearances from third party intellectual property owners. Learn more.





Included Formats




Main:


3ds Max  2009
V-Ray


Cinema 4D  11.5
Default Scanline



Exchange:

OBJ
3DS




Textures:


mls_trophy_textures.zip


Textures





Don't see the file format you need?
Free File Format Conversion





Have questions? Chat with us now.
Live Chat Now 24/7



3D Model Specifications



Product ID:532727

Published:


May 8, 2010



Geometry:Polygonal
Polygons:0
Vertices:0
Textures:Yes
Materials:Yes
Rigged:No
Animated:No
UV Mapped:Yes
Unwrapped UVs:Unknown




Artist











RedTrey



TurboSquid Member Since October 2006
Currently sells 64 products






Achievements:

1







Product Rating
4 Ratings Submitted




Rate Product








richealom
						Feb 25, 2016
					




Pretty good model. However the handles are incorrect. The handles are in the wrong position. Easy enough to correct since the handles are separate.




×
Rate & Review Product









				                        Text Review:
				                    








Close
Submit












 Report








Categories





3d modelart and media  sculpture  trophy  trophy cup3d modelart and media  sculpture  trophy  sports trophy  football trophy3d modelmlsLegal Notice: The intellectual property depicted in this model, including the brand "mls", is not affiliated with or endorsed by the original rights holders.








Tags


 trophy soccer philip f anschutz f. phillip mls cup championship american major league us usa football tournament champion gold silver spott





Description


MLS CUP - Philip F. Anschutz Trophy---Textures Included Materials Included (V-ray)---Modeled in 3d Studio MaxRendered in V-rayExported to '3DS' and 'OBJ' formats from 3ds Max





Related Products




















$39
c4d3ds dxf ige obj 3dm fbx
















$59
3ds max
















$22
3ds dxf max obj fbx
















$35
3ds c4d oth max lwo obj 3dm fbx xsi
















$840
oth max
















$149
oth max obj fbx
















$89
max obj fbx









More Products by Artist



















$49
3ds c4d oth max obj fbx

















$29
3ds c4d max obj fbx

















$19
3ds c4d max obj fbx

















$39
3ds max obj fbx

















$59
3ds c4d max obj fbx

















$19
3ds c4d max obj fbx

















$48
3ds max obj






























Contact Support 

 Open Support Ticket
 Chat with Support 24/7
 Search Knowledge Base



Legal 

Terms of Service
Royalty Free License
Privacy Policy



Artists 

Become a TurboSquid Artist
CheckMate 3D Model Standard



Enterprise 

Brand Management
Enterprise Accounts



About Us 

Company Info
Our Blog
Careers
Contacts
Site Map



Language: English 

Deutsch
English
Español
Français
Italiano
Polski
Português
Русский
中文
한국어
日本語


© TurboSquid 2017




















































Bloomberg Billionaires Index - Phil Anschutz




















































  






Bloomberg Billionaires Index
View profiles for each of the world’s 500 richest people, see the biggest movers, and compare fortunes or track returns.





❮ #128 Michael Hartono
#130 Vagit Alekperov ❯


#129
Phil Anschutz
$10.7B

Random fact: Personal hobbies said to include hunting, squash, tennis and jogging. 

Overview
Latest news
Net worth summary
Biography
Relative value






Overview

Anschutz owns Anschutz Corp., a closely held conglomerate that controls the Los Angeles Staples Center and Kings hockey team, a concessionaire for hotels and national parks, and Colorado water rights. He also controls Regal Entertainment, the largest movie theater operator in the U.S. with 7,307 screens, and has interest in oil and gas and ranchland.

As of July 25, 2017:



Last change
+$11.5M (+0.1%)


YTD change
+$103M (+1.0%)


Industry
Diversified


Biggest asset
Cash




Citizenship
United States


Age
77


Wealth
Self-made






View net worth over:  
Max
1 year
1 quarter
1 month
1 week













Relative Value

Phil Anschutz's net worth of $10.7B can buy ...
































0
troy ounces of gold
















0
barrels of crude oil



... and is equivalent to ...














0%
of the GDP of the United States






































































0%
of the total wealth of the 500 richest people in the world




















0%
of the top 100 U.S. college endowments





















0%
of the top 200 U.S. executives’ total awarded compensation














0%
of U.S. existing home sales
















0
times the median U.S. household income









Latest News









Net Worth Summary




Cash



Private asset



Public asset



Misc. liabilities






      Confidence rating:
      








The majority of Anschutz's fortune is controlled through closely held Anschutz Corp. The Denver-based conglomerate owns a disparate collection of businesses, the most valuable of which is Anschutz Entertainment Group, which owns portions of four U.S. sports teams and 10 arenas. It also operates the second-largest concert promotion business in the world. AEG's valuation is detailed in footnotes of the net worth breakdown available to Bloomberg Professional subscribers.
Anschutz owns 60.7 million shares of Regal Entertainment, including all 23.7 million class B shares that are exchangeable for common stock. The two sets of shares combined represent 74 percent of the voting power, according to an August 2016 prospectus reflecting the billionaire's sale of 13 million shares. 
Windstar Cruises consists of six ships with 1,234 berths. It is valued using cruise industry room occupancy and passenger yield data as of the third quarter 2015, according to data compiled by Bloomberg, and compared to the enterprise value-to-sales of Carnival Cruise Lines, Royal Caribbean Cruises and Norwegian Cruise Lines.
Anschutz probably has more than $4 billion in cash raised from years of asset sales. Since 1995, these sales include more than $4 billion of Qwest Communications stock, about $3 billion in energy assets, and hundreds of millions of dollars in real estate and sports teams. Over that same period, he made at least $4.2 billion in asset purchases and investments including of the Los Angeles Kings, Opubco -- a real estate and media company -- and movie theater properties.
The valuation of additional closely held assets of Anschutz Co. are also detailed in the footnotes. 
Responding to a December 2014 e-mail that valued Anschutz's fortune at $11 billion, Cole Finnegan, the billionaire's attorney said, "After conferring on this subject, we would note that while we might disagree on certain specifics, the aggregate total of $11 billion is right."







Biography

Birthdate: 12/28/1939
Family: Married, 3 children
Education: 
            
            Bachelor's Degree, Business, University of Kansas
          
          


Born in rural Kansas in 1939, Anschutz entered the family business of oil wildcatting in the early 1970s. In 1979, he found what is now known as the Anschutz Ranch East oilfield outside Evanston, Wyoming. At the time, it was the largest U.S. discovery since Alaska's Prudhoe Bay. He sold half of the field to Mobil for $500 million in 1982.
That transaction began a long pattern of taking profits and reinvesting them into other industries. In 1984, he purchased the Rio Grande Railroad for $90 million. Four years later, he won the Southern Pacific Railroad with a $1.8 billion bid. In 1995, he sold the railroads to Union Pacific, netting $1.4 billion while retaining the right-of-way for laying fiber optic cable.
By the end of the 1990s, the fiber network was the core asset of Qwest Communications, a telecommunications company that had a peak market capitalization of $43 billion in 1999. The company was purchased by CenturyLink in 2010 for $23 billion, including the assumption of more than $11 billion in debt.
Anschutz used a portion of his almost $4 billion in Qwest share sales to invest in the entertainment business. He bought the debt of several movie theater chains to form Regal Entertainment, which he sold in a public offering in 2002. He remains its majority shareholder. He also formed movie production companies that bought the rights to C.S. Lewis' Narnia series and produced "Ray," an Oscar-winning biography of singer Ray Charles. 
His most valuable asset is Anschutz Entertainment Group, a company that developed L.A. LIVE, a 27-acre entertainment complex in Los Angeles, and owns portions of four U.S. sports teams and 12 arenas. It also operates the second-largest concert promotion business in the world. In September 2012, Anschutz put AEG up for sale with an initial asking price of $10 billion. He pulled the company off the market in March 2013.
Anschutz is believed to have given only two press conferences -- on his purchase of Southern Pacific and on his decision not to sell AEG. The Denver, Colorado-based executive is a supporter of conservative causes and holds what is considered to be one of the most valuable private collections of American Western art.


Milestones
1939 Philip Anschutz is born in Russell, Kansas. He is raised in Wichita.
1961 Graduates from the University of Kansas with a degree in business.
1965 Starts Anschutz Co. and begins an oil drilling operation.
1982 Mobil buys stake in Anschutz.
2000 Shares of Qwest Communications fall amid technology stock crash.
2002 Regal Entertainment sells shares in an initial public offering.
2010 Qwest Communications is acquired by Century Link.
2013 Pulls AEG off market after failing to get $10 billion asking price.






Source: Bloomberg reporting
Methodology: The Bloomberg Billionaires Index is a daily ranking of the world's richest people. In calculating net worth, Bloomberg News strives to provide the most transparent calculations available, and each individual billionaire profile contains a detailed analysis of how that person's fortune is tallied.
The index is a dynamic measure of personal wealth based on changes in markets, the economy and Bloomberg reporting. Each net worth figure is updated every business day after the close of trading in New York. Stakes in publicly traded companies are valued using the share's most recent closing price. Valuations are converted to U.S. dollars at current exchange rates... Read our complete methodology →
Design & development: 
Christopher CannonChristopher Cannon,

      Dean HalfordDean Halford and

      Brittany HarrisBrittany Harris





Bloomberg Billionaires Index

Top 500 Richest
Profiles
Biggest movers
Compare fortunes
Track returns
Methodology











 











Philip Anschutz, Producer and Promoter of "Won't Back Down" - United Church of Christ




























































find a church
donate
bookstore





















 Menu










Home
/ Advocate For Justice
/ Justice in Public Education





  Philip Anschutz, Producer and Promoter of "Won't Back Down"













Tweet








Home /
Advocate For Justice /
Justice in Public Education



Philip Anschutz, Producer and Promoter of "Won't Back Down"





Philip F. Anschutz is a conservative patron and former oil and gas baron with an estimated net worth of $6 billion.[1] He operates one of the largest nonprofits in the United States, and has a variety of media holdings including Anschutz Entertainment Group, Walden Media and the  daily The Examiner.[2] Given Anschutz’s ties to the extreme right—including the funding of homophobic groups, anti-union organizations, and climate and evolutionary science deniers—his recent foray into education reform is very troubling.
Walden Media Owner
Walden Media is the film production and publishing company behind the anti-teachers union movies “Won’t Back Down” and “Waiting for ‘Superman.’” Walden Media is owned by Anschutz, whose business partner has made clear that he wants the film company’s output to be “entertaining, but also to be life affirming and to carry a moral message.”[3] With “Won’t Back Down,” Anschutz continues his anti-union advocacy by underwriting a fictional film that misrepresents teachers unions and highlights controversial “parent trigger” efforts.
Anti-Science Activities

Helped fund the Discovery Institute through a $70,000 donation from the Anschutz Foundation in 2003. The Discovery Institute is one of the leading think tanks challenging evolutionary science.[4]
Greenpeace notes that media companies owned by Anschutz figure prominently in the denial of climate science and the promotion of climate-change skepticism.[5]
Anti-Union Activities

Between 2003 and 2010, the Anschutz Foundation donated at least $210,000 to the National Right to Work Legal Defense Foundation, a think tank that opposes labor unions.
 Anti-Rights Activities

Anschutz supported Colorado’s 1992 anti-gay Proposition 2, which allowed private property owners and employers to discriminate against homosexuals and lesbians,[6] by donating $10,000 to the campaign.[7]
Between 2003 and 2010, the Anschutz Foundation gave $125,000 to the Media Research Center. The Media Research Center recently attacked various media outlets for covering protests against Chick-fil-A that stemmed from anti-gay statements made by Chick-fil-A president Dan Cathy.[8]
Since 2008, the Anschutz Foundation has donated $175,000 to the Mission America Foundation, a far-right organization whose president considers homosexuality to be a “deviance”[9] and has railed against the removal of HIV-based travel restrictions, warning that “‘the U.S.’s liberal homosexual culture’ will attract HIV-positive immigrants.”[10]
Backer of Corporate Interests in Public Education 

The Anschutz Foundation donated $110,000 to the Alliance for Choice in Education between 1998 and 2008.
Anschutz’s Walden Media produced and promoted both “Waiting for ‘Superman’” and “Won’t Back Down.”
Anti-Environment Activities

A natural gas exploration company owned by Anschutz, the Anschutz Exploration Corporation, sued the town of Dryden, N.Y., over the town’s regulation of hydraulic fracturing,[11] or “fracking,” a process that has been blamed for severe environmental damage.[12] A judge upheld the town’s ban, but Anschutz’s lawyers have pledged to continue their claim.
Anschutz Mining Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Anschutz Corporation, is the former operator of Madison County Mines in Fredericktown, Mo. Madison County Mines is an EPA Superfund site, contaminated with cadmium and lead.[13]
A Sample of Anschutz’s Donations
Anschutz controls the Anschutz Foundation, the 60th-largest foundation in the United States.[14] Below is a list of donations made by Anschutz compiled by Ken Libby from IRS filings.[15]
 



Foundation


Donation total (1998 - 2008)




AEI


$22,500




Alliance for Choice in Education


$110,000




American Spectator Foundation


$30,000




Americans for Prosperity


$47,500




America's Future Foundation


$10,000




Association of American Educators Foundation


$100,000




Cato Institute


$120,000




Claremont Institute


$100,000




Denver School of Science and Technology


$250,000




Evergreen Freedom Foundation


$15,000




Free Congress Research and Education Foundation


$25,000




Freedom Works


$5,000




Freedom Works Foundation


$17,500




Heritage Foundation


$353,000




Hoover Institution


$15,000




Independence Institute


$120,000




KIPP Sunshine Peak Academy


$10,000




Leadership Institute


$15,000




Manhattan Institute


$325,000




Mercatus Center


$50,000




Mountain States Legal Foundation


$70,000




National Right to Work Legal Defense


$65,000




Pacific Research Institute


$172,500




Washington Legal Foundation


$160,000




Young America's Foundation


$10,000


 



[1] http://www.forbes.com/lists/2010/10/billionaires-2010_Philip-Anschutz_DSAK.html


[2] http://www.examiner.com/article/phillip-anschutz-the-examiner-and-the-conservative-movement


[3] http://cdn.breitbart.com/Big-Hollywood/2010/12/10/Exclusive-Interview--Walden-Media-President-Michael-Flaherty-on-Dawn-Treader--the-Liam-Neeson-Controversy--and-the-Franchises-Fu


[4] http://abcnews.go.com/WNT/story?id=1297170&WNT=true


[5] http://www.greenpeace.org/usa/en/campaigns/global-warming-and-energy/polluterwatch/koch-industries/CASE-STUDY-The-Kochtopus-Media-Network/


[6] www.nytimes.com/1993/12/15/us/colorado-judge-overturns-initiative-banning-gay-rights-laws.html


[7] http://www.talk2action.org/story/2011/8/31/113147/698


[8] http://www.mrc.org/press-releases/chick-fil-controversy-exposes-medias-anti-christian-bias-and-free-speech-double-stand


[9] http://www.rightwingwatch.org/content/linda-harvey-boycott-everybody


[10] http://www.rightwingwatch.org/content/linda-harvey-laments-end-travel-ban-hiv-positive-people


[11] http://www.alternet.org/print/story/155381/meet_the_christian_right-wing_multi-billionaire_out_to_frack_our_world


[12] http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/ezra-klein/post/the-big-question-mark-on-fracking/2012/02/28/gIQAebfXgR_blog.html


[13] http://cumulis.epa.gov/supercpad/SiteProfiles/index.cfm?fuseaction=second.contams&id=0701102


[14] http://foundationcenter.org/findfunders/topfunders/top100assets.html


[15] http://www.schoolsmatter.info/2010/10/philip-anschutz-and-walden-media-what.html














Do you like this page?











Tweet

















Section Menu


Justice in Public Education


Poverty and Public Education




















 


















 









Advocate For Justice - United Church of Christ





























































find a church
donate
bookstore





















 Menu









Home




  Advocate For Justice






Take Action


Understanding the Issues


Justice Events


Justice Training Resources


Advocacy Publications & Resources


Neighbors in Need


















































Home /







Advocate For Justice


Take Action 

Justice & Peace Action Network Monthly Newsletter



Understanding the Issues


Justice Events


Justice Training Resources


Advocacy Publications & Resources


Neighbors in Need 

Donate to Neighbors in Need
Transformational Stories
Neighbors in Need Grant Recipients
Frequently Asked Questions
Is Your Church 5 for 5?
Neighbors in Need - Donate






We Do Justice - Join Us!





In the United Church of Christ, we do justice. We started in the 60's with the Civil Right movement. We've been advocating for gay rights since the 70's. We took on environmental racism in the 80's. And in 2005, we were the first church in America to endorse marriage equality. We're doing justice. Join us.



"What does God require of you but to do justice and to love kindness and to walk humbly with your God?"
Micah 6:8







subscribe


/ to the Justice and Peace Action Network!



Optional email code
 










Tweets by @justice_ucc











Do you like this page?











Tweet









 


















 









Justice in Public Education - United Church of Christ





























































find a church
donate
bookstore





















 Menu










Home
/ Advocate For Justice





  Justice in Public Education













Tweet








Home /
Advocate For Justice





Poverty and Public Education




Justice in Public Education



You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your mind." This is the greatest and first commandment. And a second is like it: "You shall love your neighbor as yourself." - Matthew 22: 35-39
The Church Speaks to Public Education Justice
As we think about whether American society embodies Jesus' teaching that we should love our neighbors as ourselves, we need to be concerned about public schools, the primary institution where we have agreed to nurture and shape God's precious children. Public schools are our largest public institution, serving nearly fifty million children.
In the national conversation about public education, our role in the church is special. We are concerned about our schools as an ethical and public policy matter. How do they embody attitudes about race and poverty, power and privilege, and cultural dominance and marginalization, and how do disparities in public investment reflect these attitudes?
The United Church of Christ has spoken prophetically to name poverty and racism as among the primary causes of injustice in our nation's schools.  General Synod 15 warned: "While children from many areas have comfortable schools with all the educational trimmings, poor and ethnic minority children often face overcrowded and deteriorated facilities, and a lack of enrichment programs or modern technology." General Synod 18 cautioned: "Because the poor and their children are disproportionately people of color, the educational inequities in our public schools reinforce the racial/ethnic injustices of our society." General Synod 23 proclaimed public school support - and advocacy for the same - as one of the "foremost civil rights issues in the twenty-first century." General Synod 25 called all settings of the UCC to do justice and promote the common good by strengthening support for public institutions and providing "opportunity for every child in well-funded, high quality public schools."  

From Our Partners
The National Council of Churches Committee on Public Education and Literacy  produced a series of excellent resources for use by members of the Council's many congregations and justice advocates.
The National Opportunity to Learn Campaign is a group of civil rights partners advocating for justice when Congress reauthorizes the federal education law.
UCC Resource Archive 
Annual Messages on Public Education
 Witness for Justice Columns 
 










Do you like this page?











Tweet

















Section Menu


We Do Justice - Join Us!


Justice in Public Education


Poverty and Public Education




















 





















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft






















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.

























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          






















Find cheap anschutz at up to 70% off - GratefulGoose Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes




























Anschutz 6702 International Sight and 6522-1 Globe Front Sight


$177.00






Compare Prices 















Talley 2-Piece Scope Base Anschutz, Weatherby Mark XXII Matte


$28.99






Compare Prices 















Anschutz Sil 2Pc Base


$36.96






Compare Prices 















Talley Lightweight 2-Piece Scope Mounts with Integral 1 Rings Anschutz 1727 Matte Medium


$38.99






Compare Prices 















Anschutz 9735 Front Iris With Crosswire/Bar 1.8-4.3mm, slightly used


$70.00






Compare Prices 















Anschutz Mat 2Pc Base


$25.90






Compare Prices 















ANSCHUTZ TRIGGER ASSEMBLY & PATCH (Price Lowered for quick sale.)


$75.00






Compare Prices 















Talley Lightweight 2-Piece Scope Mounts with Integral 1 Rings Anschutz Matte Medium


$38.99






Compare Prices 















Anschutz Gls 2Pc Base


$11.79






Compare Prices 















Warne Maxima 2-Piece Steel Weaver-Style Scope Base Browning T-Bolt, Anschutz 54, 54MS, 64, 64MS, 164 Matte


$25.59






Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 























ANSCHUTZ  Woodchucker  Rifle Case  36"     Estate Find  


$49.99






Compare Prices 
















Talley 1" Anschutz Rimfire Ring


$43.56






Compare Prices 















Anschutz 64 Sporter Stock 164 / 1415/1416 


$139.99






Compare Prices 















Talley Lightweight 2-Piece Scope Mounts with Integral 1 Rings Anschutz Matte Low


$38.99






Compare Prices 















Anschutz Sight Set Complete For Target Rifles


$404.71






Compare Prices 















Nightforce Standard Duty 1-Piece Picatinny-Style Scope Base Winchester 52 Target (Kimber 82C/82G, Anschutz 64, Remington 37) Matte


$57.00






Compare Prices 















anschutz 64 sporter trigger  22lr bolt action  free shipping 


$59.00






Compare Prices 















Anschutz Weapon Accessories Sight Set Complete For Target Rifles Model: ANS000934


$405.49






Compare Prices 















Anschutz Model 54 Repeater Pillar Bedding Sleeves, 1710/1712 Etc!


$34.99






Compare Prices 















Nightforce Standard Duty 1-Piece 20 MOA Picatinny-Style Scope Base Winchester 52 Target (Kimber 82C/82G, Anschutz 64, Remington 37) Matte


$57.00






Compare Prices 















Versa-Pod Bipod Adapter UIT (Anschutz) Rail Black


$38.00






Compare Prices 















Anschutz Adjustable Aluminium Butt Plate Assembly #4758


$119.95






Compare Prices 















Talley 2-Piece Scope Base Anschutz, Weatherby Mark XXII Matte


$28.99






Compare Prices 















Anschutz 54 Match Stock 1411


$249.99






Compare Prices 















Possum Hollow Bore Guide #107 Anschutz 64 (No O-Ring)


$13.49






Compare Prices 















Anschutz rifle screws /pins/springs misc trigger and stock bolts parts


$59.95






Compare Prices 
















Versa-Pod Weapon Accessories UIT -Anschutz Conversion Rail Kit Matte Black 150801


$108.76






Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.














Categories

Antiques
Art
Baby
Books
Business & Industrial
Cameras & Photo
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories & Health & Beauty
Coins & Paper Money
View all Categories





Refine

Antiquities
Architectural & Garden
Asian Antiques
Decorative Arts
Ethnographic
Furniture
Home & Hearth
Incunabula
Linens & Textiles (Pre-1930)
View all categories





Antiquities



Architectural & Garden



Asian Antiques



Decorative Arts





Refine

Art from Dealers & Resellers
Direct from the Artist
Wholesale Lots
View all categories





Art from Dealers & Resellers



Direct from the Artist



Wholesale Lots





Refine

Baby Gear
Baby Safety & Health
Bathing & Grooming
Car Safety Seats
Carriers, Slings & Backpacks
Diapering
Feeding
Keepsakes & Baby Announcements
Nursery Bedding
View all categories





Baby Gear



Baby Safety & Health



Bathing & Grooming



Car Safety Seats





Refine

Accessories
Antiquarian & Collectible
Audiobooks
Catalogs
Children & Young Adults
Cookbooks
Fiction & Literature
Magazine Back Issues
Nonfiction
View all categories





Accessories



Antiquarian & Collectible



Audiobooks



Catalogs





Refine

Agriculture & Forestry
Automation, Motors & Drives
Construction
Electrical & Test Equipment
Fuel & Energy
Healthcare, Lab & Life Science
Heavy Equipment
Heavy Equipment Attachments
Heavy Equipment Parts & Accs
View all categories





Agriculture & Forestry



Automation, Motors & Drives



Construction



Electrical & Test Equipment





Refine

Binoculars & Telescopes
Camcorders
Camera & Photo Accessories
Camera Drones
Camera Manuals & Guides
Digital Cameras
Digital Photo Frames
Film Photography
Flashes & Flash Accessories
View all categories





Binoculars & Telescopes



Camcorders



Camera & Photo Accessories



Camera Drones





Refine

Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts
Cell Phone Accessories
Cell Phones & Smartphones
Display Phones
Other Cell Phones & Accs
Phone Cards & SIM Cards
Smart Watch Accessories
Smart Watches
Vintage Cell Phones
View all categories





Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts



Cell Phone Accessories



Cell Phones & Smartphones



Display Phones





Refine

Baby & Toddler Clothing
Bath & Body
Costumes, Reenactment, Theater
Cultural & Ethnic Clothing
Dancewear
Fragrances
Hair Care & Styling
Health Care
Kids' Clothing, Shoes & Accs
View all categories





Baby & Toddler Clothing



Bath & Body



Costumes, Reenactment, Theater



Cultural & Ethnic Clothing





Refine

Bullion
Coins: Ancient
Coins: Canada
Coins: Medieval
Coins: US
Coins: World
Exonumia
Other Coins & Paper Money
Paper Money: US
View all categories





Bullion



Coins: Ancient



Coins: Canada



Coins: Medieval






























Find cheap motorhome at up to 70% off - GratefulGoose Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes




























2004 Holiday Rambler Sceptor 40PBD Used Class A Diesel Pusher RV Coach Motorhome


$24,100.00






Compare Prices 















Mattress Pad for Motorhome or Camper Bunk Bed 28x75


$57.94






Compare Prices 















2002 Holiday Rambler 34PBD Class A Diesel Pusher Motorhome RV Sale Priced


$30,100.00






Compare Prices 















Towing Behind Your Motorhome


$24.95






Compare Prices 















2002 Monaco Windsor 40PBDD Used Class A Diesel Pusher Motorhome Coach RV Slide


$43,100.00






Compare Prices 















Class A Extreme Protection RV Motorhome Cover


$159.99






Compare Prices 















2007 Holiday Rambler Sceptor 40PL Used Class A RV Coach Motorhome Diesel Pusher 


$74,100.00






Compare Prices 















Camco 42653 Motorhome Party Light


$20.44






Compare Prices 















2000 Diesel Motorhome RV Pusher 77K miles EXCELLENT CONDITION CLASS A NO RESERVE


$18,100.00






Compare Prices 















Motorhome Screen Door Bubble Panel, Clear


$20.61






Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 























2017 Thor Motor Coach Axis RUV 24.1 New Class A Gas Motorhome RV Slide


$58,600.00






Compare Prices 
















Security Surveillance GPS Tracking Device for Motorhome Safety


$129.00






Compare Prices 















2016 Fleetwood Bounder 35K Used Motorhome RV Coach Camper Class A Gas Slide


$50,100.00






Compare Prices 















Class A Motorhome 101 RV DVD


$24.95






Compare Prices 















2001 Holiday Rambler Ambassador34PBS Diesel Pusher Class A Motor home No Reserve


$20,500.00






Compare Prices 















Carefree 711920WPF 19' Flat Pitch RV Motorhome Add-A-Room


$499.00






Compare Prices 















MONACO CAMELOT DIESEL PUSHER MOTORHOME COACH BUS RV *DAMAGED


$36,500.00






Compare Prices 















Surco 501R Universal Motorhome Rack


$62.99






Compare Prices 















NO RESERVE 2005 FOUR WINDS WINDSPORT 33FT 2 SLIDE OUTS RV MOTORHOME CAMPER


$12,000.00






Compare Prices 















Roadmaster 98850 Brake Motorhome Kit


$79.10






Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.














Categories

Antiques
Art
Baby
Books
Business & Industrial
Cameras & Photo
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories & Health & Beauty
Coins & Paper Money
View all Categories





Refine

Antiquities
Architectural & Garden
Asian Antiques
Decorative Arts
Ethnographic
Furniture
Home & Hearth
Incunabula
Linens & Textiles (Pre-1930)
View all categories





Antiquities



Architectural & Garden



Asian Antiques



Decorative Arts





Refine

Art from Dealers & Resellers
Direct from the Artist
Wholesale Lots
View all categories





Art from Dealers & Resellers



Direct from the Artist



Wholesale Lots





Refine

Baby Gear
Baby Safety & Health
Bathing & Grooming
Car Safety Seats
Carriers, Slings & Backpacks
Diapering
Feeding
Keepsakes & Baby Announcements
Nursery Bedding
View all categories





Baby Gear



Baby Safety & Health



Bathing & Grooming



Car Safety Seats





Refine

Accessories
Antiquarian & Collectible
Audiobooks
Catalogs
Children & Young Adults
Cookbooks
Fiction & Literature
Magazine Back Issues
Nonfiction
View all categories





Accessories



Antiquarian & Collectible



Audiobooks



Catalogs





Refine

Agriculture & Forestry
Automation, Motors & Drives
Construction
Electrical & Test Equipment
Fuel & Energy
Healthcare, Lab & Life Science
Heavy Equipment
Heavy Equipment Attachments
Heavy Equipment Parts & Accs
View all categories





Agriculture & Forestry



Automation, Motors & Drives



Construction



Electrical & Test Equipment





Refine

Binoculars & Telescopes
Camcorders
Camera & Photo Accessories
Camera Drones
Camera Manuals & Guides
Digital Cameras
Digital Photo Frames
Film Photography
Flashes & Flash Accessories
View all categories





Binoculars & Telescopes



Camcorders



Camera & Photo Accessories



Camera Drones





Refine

Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts
Cell Phone Accessories
Cell Phones & Smartphones
Display Phones
Other Cell Phones & Accs
Phone Cards & SIM Cards
Smart Watch Accessories
Smart Watches
Vintage Cell Phones
View all categories





Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts



Cell Phone Accessories



Cell Phones & Smartphones



Display Phones





Refine

Baby & Toddler Clothing
Bath & Body
Costumes, Reenactment, Theater
Cultural & Ethnic Clothing
Dancewear
Fragrances
Hair Care & Styling
Health Care
Kids' Clothing, Shoes & Accs
View all categories





Baby & Toddler Clothing



Bath & Body



Costumes, Reenactment, Theater



Cultural & Ethnic Clothing





Refine

Bullion
Coins: Ancient
Coins: Canada
Coins: Medieval
Coins: US
Coins: World
Exonumia
Other Coins & Paper Money
Paper Money: US
View all categories





Bullion



Coins: Ancient



Coins: Canada



Coins: Medieval






























Find cheap cookers at up to 70% off - GratefulGoose Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes




























8-in-1 Electric Pressure Cooker Programmable Stainless Steel, 10-Quart 1400-Watt


$69.97






Compare Prices 















Brentwood 8-Quart Slow Cooker SC-170S Color: Stainless Steel


$40.99






Compare Prices 















Prestige Cookers Apple Aluminum Pressure Cooker


$50.99






Compare Prices 















Brentwood 8-Quart Slow Cooker SC-170S Color: White


$57.68






Compare Prices 















12 Quart 1600 Watt Electric Pressure Cooker Multi-Functional Timer Slow Cook NEW


$94.97






Compare Prices 















Prestige Cookers Apple Aluminum Pressure Cooker


$52.46






Compare Prices 















10-in-1 Programmable Pressure Instant Cooker Slow Cook Pot, 10-Quart 1400-Watt


$74.97






Compare Prices 















Brentwood 8-Quart Slow Cooker SC-165W


$66.99






Compare Prices 















Prestige Cookers Apple Aluminum Pressure Cooker


$52.46






Compare Prices 















Hamilton Beach 7 Quart Slow Cooker 33173 Finish: Black/Silver


$35.08






Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 























Rosewill RHAI-16002 1800W 5 Pre-Programmed Settings Induction Cooker Cooktop


$54.99






Compare Prices 















Prestige Cookers Deluxe Stainless Steel Pressure Cooker


$53.99






Compare Prices 















Instant Pot Duo 7-in-1 Multi-Use Programmable Pressure Cooker, Slow Cooker, 6 Qt


$66.00






Compare Prices 















Hamilton Beach 7 Quart Slow Cooker 33173


$35.08






Compare Prices 















Hawkins Cookers H55 Hevibase Pressure Cooker, 5-Liter, Aluminum Silver


$54.99






Compare Prices 















Brentwood 6.5-Quart Slow Cooker SC145W Color: White


$43.99






Compare Prices 















Hamilton Beach 33970 Professional Sous Vide Slow Cooker, 6 quart, Stainless NEW


$59.56






Compare Prices 















Engel Coolers Cooler Divider for ENG50


$24.95






Compare Prices 















Power Pressure Cooker XL 6 Quart - Silver - Brand New


$58.00






Compare Prices 















Brentwood 6.5-Quart Slow Cooker SC145W


$43.99






Compare Prices 















Regency Wraps RW1020-12 12-Pack Slow Cooker Savers for Lining Slow Cookers


$14.13






Compare Prices 















Hamilton Beach 6-Qt. Slow Cooker 33262A Finish: Black, Size: 4-Quart


$24.99






Compare Prices 















Aroma 8 Cup Cooked White Cool Touch Digital Rice Cooker & Food Steamer ARC-914D


$31.75






Compare Prices 















Pelican ProGear Coolers 150 Qt. Rotomolded Cooler


$761.99






Compare Prices 















Rosewill RHAI-16001 1800W Induction Cooker Cooktop, Included 10" 3.5 Qt 18-8 Pot


$49.99






Compare Prices 















Hamilton Beach 6-Qt. Slow Cooker 33262A


$24.99






Compare Prices 















Pelican ProGear Coolers 30 Qt. Elite Cooler


$283.99






Compare Prices 















Hamilton Beach 6-Qt. Slow Cooker 33262A Finish: Silver, Size: 4-Quart


$25.87






Compare Prices 















Presto 01781 23-Quart Pressure Canner and Cooker - NEW


$76.00






Compare Prices 















Pelican ProGear Coolers 70 Qt. Elite Cooler


$429.99






Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.














Categories

Antiques
Art
Baby
Books
Business & Industrial
Cameras & Photo
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories & Health & Beauty
Coins & Paper Money
View all Categories





Refine

Antiquities
Architectural & Garden
Asian Antiques
Decorative Arts
Ethnographic
Furniture
Home & Hearth
Incunabula
Linens & Textiles (Pre-1930)
View all categories





Antiquities



Architectural & Garden



Asian Antiques



Decorative Arts





Refine

Art from Dealers & Resellers
Direct from the Artist
Wholesale Lots
View all categories





Art from Dealers & Resellers



Direct from the Artist



Wholesale Lots





Refine

Baby Gear
Baby Safety & Health
Bathing & Grooming
Car Safety Seats
Carriers, Slings & Backpacks
Diapering
Feeding
Keepsakes & Baby Announcements
Nursery Bedding
View all categories





Baby Gear



Baby Safety & Health



Bathing & Grooming



Car Safety Seats





Refine

Accessories
Antiquarian & Collectible
Audiobooks
Catalogs
Children & Young Adults
Cookbooks
Fiction & Literature
Magazine Back Issues
Nonfiction
View all categories





Accessories



Antiquarian & Collectible



Audiobooks



Catalogs





Refine

Agriculture & Forestry
Automation, Motors & Drives
Construction
Electrical & Test Equipment
Fuel & Energy
Healthcare, Lab & Life Science
Heavy Equipment
Heavy Equipment Attachments
Heavy Equipment Parts & Accs
View all categories





Agriculture & Forestry



Automation, Motors & Drives



Construction



Electrical & Test Equipment





Refine

Binoculars & Telescopes
Camcorders
Camera & Photo Accessories
Camera Drones
Camera Manuals & Guides
Digital Cameras
Digital Photo Frames
Film Photography
Flashes & Flash Accessories
View all categories





Binoculars & Telescopes



Camcorders



Camera & Photo Accessories



Camera Drones





Refine

Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts
Cell Phone Accessories
Cell Phones & Smartphones
Display Phones
Other Cell Phones & Accs
Phone Cards & SIM Cards
Smart Watch Accessories
Smart Watches
Vintage Cell Phones
View all categories





Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts



Cell Phone Accessories



Cell Phones & Smartphones



Display Phones





Refine

Baby & Toddler Clothing
Bath & Body
Costumes, Reenactment, Theater
Cultural & Ethnic Clothing
Dancewear
Fragrances
Hair Care & Styling
Health Care
Kids' Clothing, Shoes & Accs
View all categories





Baby & Toddler Clothing



Bath & Body



Costumes, Reenactment, Theater



Cultural & Ethnic Clothing





Refine

Bullion
Coins: Ancient
Coins: Canada
Coins: Medieval
Coins: US
Coins: World
Exonumia
Other Coins & Paper Money
Paper Money: US
View all categories





Bullion



Coins: Ancient



Coins: Canada



Coins: Medieval






























Find cheap bed linen at up to 70% off - GratefulGoose Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes




























$385 NWT OAKE LINEN NAVY BLUE KING COMFORTER DUVET COVER 100% LINEN ZIP CLOSE


$99.99






Compare Prices 















Brielle Stream Solid Color Bed Skirt (Twin, Linen), Beige Off-White


$25.49






Compare Prices 
















Duggan Complete Twin Bed, Linen Beige


$199.00






Compare Prices 















Brielle Stream Solid Color Bed Skirt (King, Linen), Beige Off-White


$30.02






Compare Prices 















DONNA KARAN LINEN AND SATIN KING SIZE DUVET COVER WITH PILLOWCASES


$250.00






Compare Prices 
















Duggan Complete Queen Bed, Linen Beige


$229.00






Compare Prices 















Harper Linen Duvet Cover with Oatmeal Whisper Ruffle


$378.00






Compare Prices 















Brielle Stream Solid Color Bed Skirt (Queen, Linen), Beige Off-White


$25.49






Compare Prices 
















Hillsdale Furniture Bombay Queen Bed, Linen Stone


$1,099.00






Compare Prices 















Brielle Stream Solid Color Bed Skirt (Queen, Ivory), Beige Off-White


$20.09






Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 























4pcs 22 Momme 100% Pure Silk Duvet Cover Fitted Sheet Bedding Bed Linen Set


$469.00






Compare Prices 















Whittier King Upholstered Bed Linen Mineral


$1,099.99






Compare Prices 















Harbor House Duvet Mini Set Queen Set Linen 1 Duvet 2 Standard Shames NEW


$114.99






Compare Prices 















Brielle Dupioni Pure Silk Rod Pocket Curtain Panel (Steel Grey 95), Size 50 x 95 (Cotton, Solid)


$72.99






Compare Prices 















Hillsdale Furniture Kiley King Bed, Linen


$332.62






Compare Prices 















Geometric Linen/Polyester Bed Skirt (King-Ivory), Beige Off-White


$169.99






Compare Prices 















4pcs 22 Momme 100% Pure Silk Duvet Cover Fitted Sheet Bedding Bed Linen Set


$419.00






Compare Prices 















LinenMe Natural Washed Bed Linen Sheet


$219.99






Compare Prices 















4pcs 22 Momme 100% Pure Silk Duvet Cover Fitted Sheet Bedding Bed Linen Set


$349.00






Compare Prices 















Geometric Linen/Polyester Bed Skirt (Cal. King-Salmon), Pink, Size California King


$152.99






Compare Prices 















Little Colorado Traditional Toddler Bed, Linen


$158.68






Compare Prices 















Cotton Linen Bed Skirt - King - Grandin Road


$49.00






Compare Prices 















Modern Hotel Duvet Cover Collection 100% Cotton Ultra Soft Lightweight Cover Set


$58.49






Compare Prices 















LinenMe Natural Washed Bed Linen Pillow Case


$44.99






Compare Prices 















4pcs 22 Momme 100% Pure Silk Duvet Cover Fitted Sheet Bedding Bed Linen Set


$349.00






Compare Prices 















Geometric Linen/Polyester Bed Skirt (Cal. King-Ivory), Beige Off-White, Size California King


$152.99






Compare Prices 
















Jamie Complete King Bed, Linen Beige


$439.00






Compare Prices 















E-Rest  Taylor Upholstered Full Platform Bed In Grey Linen Gray


$529.99






Compare Prices 















4pcs 22 Momme 100% Pure Silk Duvet Cover Fitted Sheet Bedding Bed Linen Set


$419.00






Compare Prices 
















Jamie Complete Queen Bed, Linen Beige


$344.00






Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.














Categories

Antiques
Art
Baby
Books
Business & Industrial
Cameras & Photo
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories & Health & Beauty
Coins & Paper Money
View all Categories





Refine

Antiquities
Architectural & Garden
Asian Antiques
Decorative Arts
Ethnographic
Furniture
Home & Hearth
Incunabula
Linens & Textiles (Pre-1930)
View all categories





Antiquities



Architectural & Garden



Asian Antiques



Decorative Arts





Refine

Art from Dealers & Resellers
Direct from the Artist
Wholesale Lots
View all categories





Art from Dealers & Resellers



Direct from the Artist



Wholesale Lots





Refine

Baby Gear
Baby Safety & Health
Bathing & Grooming
Car Safety Seats
Carriers, Slings & Backpacks
Diapering
Feeding
Keepsakes & Baby Announcements
Nursery Bedding
View all categories





Baby Gear



Baby Safety & Health



Bathing & Grooming



Car Safety Seats





Refine

Accessories
Antiquarian & Collectible
Audiobooks
Catalogs
Children & Young Adults
Cookbooks
Fiction & Literature
Magazine Back Issues
Nonfiction
View all categories





Accessories



Antiquarian & Collectible



Audiobooks



Catalogs





Refine

Agriculture & Forestry
Automation, Motors & Drives
Construction
Electrical & Test Equipment
Fuel & Energy
Healthcare, Lab & Life Science
Heavy Equipment
Heavy Equipment Attachments
Heavy Equipment Parts & Accs
View all categories





Agriculture & Forestry



Automation, Motors & Drives



Construction



Electrical & Test Equipment





Refine

Binoculars & Telescopes
Camcorders
Camera & Photo Accessories
Camera Drones
Camera Manuals & Guides
Digital Cameras
Digital Photo Frames
Film Photography
Flashes & Flash Accessories
View all categories





Binoculars & Telescopes



Camcorders



Camera & Photo Accessories



Camera Drones





Refine

Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts
Cell Phone Accessories
Cell Phones & Smartphones
Display Phones
Other Cell Phones & Accs
Phone Cards & SIM Cards
Smart Watch Accessories
Smart Watches
Vintage Cell Phones
View all categories





Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts



Cell Phone Accessories



Cell Phones & Smartphones



Display Phones





Refine

Baby & Toddler Clothing
Bath & Body
Costumes, Reenactment, Theater
Cultural & Ethnic Clothing
Dancewear
Fragrances
Hair Care & Styling
Health Care
Kids' Clothing, Shoes & Accs
View all categories





Baby & Toddler Clothing



Bath & Body



Costumes, Reenactment, Theater



Cultural & Ethnic Clothing





Refine

Bullion
Coins: Ancient
Coins: Canada
Coins: Medieval
Coins: US
Coins: World
Exonumia
Other Coins & Paper Money
Paper Money: US
View all categories





Bullion



Coins: Ancient



Coins: Canada



Coins: Medieval






























Find cheap freezers at up to 70% off - GratefulGoose Price Comparison



































Menu







Don’t miss the best deals!!!




Haven't found what you are looking for?
Try a more specific search term and we'll refine your results










Dyson DC19
Apple iPad
Green Summer Dress
Samsung Dishwasher
Nike Running Shoes




























3.0 cu ft Black Freestanding Upright Freezer Compact Mini Single Reversible Door


$149.97






Compare Prices 















Avantco ICFF14 Flat Lid Display Freezer


$699.00






Compare Prices 















Excellence Commercial Ice Cream Freezer Hanging Basket for EAC Series Freezers


$41.99






Compare Prices 















Delfield SMDRP2-SH 49.92 Cu. Ft. Solid Half Door Dual Temperature Reach In Pass-Through Refrigerator / Freezer - Specification Line


$11,055.00






Compare Prices 















1.1 cu. ft. Adjustable Upright Countertop Compact Mini-Freezer Home Office Dorm


$89.97






Compare Prices 
















Slim Freeze Fat Reduction Freezer


$79.99






Compare Prices 















Haier Chest Deep Freezer 5.0 cu ft Small Size Compact Dorm Apartment White *NEW*


$167.95






Compare Prices 















1 Glass Door Merchandiser Freezer FMD-23F Commercial by Fagor


$2,599.30






Compare Prices 















753 EZ Freeze Pure with freezer and water filter, 64-Ounce


$51.53






Compare Prices 















Commercial Cool CC 4.5 cu. ft. Refrigerator & Freezer, White


$239.99






Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 























Igloo 6.9 cu ft Upright Freezer, White 


$286.70






Compare Prices 















PORTABLE FREEZERS/REFRIGERATORS


$409.96






Compare Prices 















New Midea 1.6 CF Compact Single Reversible Door Refrigerator and Freezer


$59.99






Compare Prices 















Continental Refrigerator 1F-LT 26 Solid Door Low Temperature Reach-In Freezer - 20 Cu. Ft.


$4,829.90






Compare Prices 















Diversey Care DVO948030 Suma Freeze D2.9 Freezer Cleaner


$47.15






Compare Prices 















Buyenlarge 'Ice Cream Freezer' Vintage Advertisement 0-587-34092-4


$154.99






Compare Prices 















New Midea 1.6 CF Compact Single Reversible Door Refrigerator and Freezer


$59.99






Compare Prices 















750 EZ Freeze Pure with freezer and water filter, 14-Ounce


$9.95






Compare Prices 















New Large Haier Chest Freezer 5.0 Cu Ft Deep Freeze Removable Basket


$169.32






Compare Prices 















Avantco ICFC13 Curved Lid Display Freezer


$649.00






Compare Prices 















Sesame Street Elmo Freez'R Pops - 12 Freezer Zip Pops & Funnel


$8.99






Compare Prices 















Commercial Cool CC 2.6 cu. ft. Refrigerator & Freezer, White


$169.99






Compare Prices 















New Midea 1.6 CF Compact Single Reversible Door Refrigerator and Freezer


$59.99






Compare Prices 















All Points 38-1529 Junction Receptacle for Freezers


$267.54






Compare Prices 
















Igloo FR834 3.2 CU Ft Compact Fridge Freezer 2-Door, Platinum


$149.00






Compare Prices 















3 Glass Door Freezer Merchandiser 72 Cu Ft KGF-72 by Kool-IT


$4,823.71






Compare Prices 















Freezer


$9.60






Compare Prices 















Haier 5 Cu. Ft. Chest Freezer - White HC50CM23NW


$249.99






Compare Prices 















2.6 Cu. Ft. Compact Single Reversible Door Mini Refrigerator and Freezer Office


$109.97






Compare Prices 
















TRUE 800345 Freezer Temperature Control, True Freezer


$91.37






Compare Prices 



1234567previousnextPage 1

Compare prices at: 





















The product information displayed on this page is provided to us in regular hourly intervals from thousands of retailers and we update our search results in real time. Unfortunately there can sometimes be delays between retailers providing us with updated information such as prices or stock levels, so the details on this page can become out of date. We always advise you to double check the prices on the retailers site, if you spot any problems please let us know so we can investigate.














Categories

Antiques
Art
Baby
Books
Business & Industrial
Cameras & Photo
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Accessories & Health & Beauty
Coins & Paper Money
View all Categories





Refine

Antiquities
Architectural & Garden
Asian Antiques
Decorative Arts
Ethnographic
Furniture
Home & Hearth
Incunabula
Linens & Textiles (Pre-1930)
View all categories





Antiquities



Architectural & Garden



Asian Antiques



Decorative Arts





Refine

Art from Dealers & Resellers
Direct from the Artist
Wholesale Lots
View all categories





Art from Dealers & Resellers



Direct from the Artist



Wholesale Lots





Refine

Baby Gear
Baby Safety & Health
Bathing & Grooming
Car Safety Seats
Carriers, Slings & Backpacks
Diapering
Feeding
Keepsakes & Baby Announcements
Nursery Bedding
View all categories





Baby Gear



Baby Safety & Health



Bathing & Grooming



Car Safety Seats





Refine

Accessories
Antiquarian & Collectible
Audiobooks
Catalogs
Children & Young Adults
Cookbooks
Fiction & Literature
Magazine Back Issues
Nonfiction
View all categories





Accessories



Antiquarian & Collectible



Audiobooks



Catalogs





Refine

Agriculture & Forestry
Automation, Motors & Drives
Construction
Electrical & Test Equipment
Fuel & Energy
Healthcare, Lab & Life Science
Heavy Equipment
Heavy Equipment Attachments
Heavy Equipment Parts & Accs
View all categories





Agriculture & Forestry



Automation, Motors & Drives



Construction



Electrical & Test Equipment





Refine

Binoculars & Telescopes
Camcorders
Camera & Photo Accessories
Camera Drones
Camera Manuals & Guides
Digital Cameras
Digital Photo Frames
Film Photography
Flashes & Flash Accessories
View all categories





Binoculars & Telescopes



Camcorders



Camera & Photo Accessories



Camera Drones





Refine

Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts
Cell Phone Accessories
Cell Phones & Smartphones
Display Phones
Other Cell Phones & Accs
Phone Cards & SIM Cards
Smart Watch Accessories
Smart Watches
Vintage Cell Phones
View all categories





Cell Phone & Smartphone Parts



Cell Phone Accessories



Cell Phones & Smartphones



Display Phones





Refine

Baby & Toddler Clothing
Bath & Body
Costumes, Reenactment, Theater
Cultural & Ethnic Clothing
Dancewear
Fragrances
Hair Care & Styling
Health Care
Kids' Clothing, Shoes & Accs
View all categories





Baby & Toddler Clothing



Bath & Body



Costumes, Reenactment, Theater



Cultural & Ethnic Clothing





Refine

Bullion
Coins: Ancient
Coins: Canada
Coins: Medieval
Coins: US
Coins: World
Exonumia
Other Coins & Paper Money
Paper Money: US
View all categories





Bullion



Coins: Ancient



Coins: Canada



Coins: Medieval


















Philip Anschutz - Wikipedia





















 






Philip Anschutz

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Philip Anschutz


Born
Philip Frederick Anschutz
(1939-12-28) December 28, 1939 (age 77)
Russell, Kansas, U.S.


Residence
Denver, Colorado, U.S.


Nationality
American


Alma mater
University of Kansas


Occupation
Businessman


Net worth
US$12.5 billion (March 2017)[1]


Spouse(s)
Nancy Anschutz


Children
3


Philip Frederick Anschutz (/ˈænʃuːts/ AN-shoots; born December 28, 1939) is an American entrepreneur. Anschutz bought out his father's drilling company, Circle A Drilling, in 1961 and earned large returns in Wyoming. He has invested in stocks, real estate and railroads. He then began investing in entertainment companies, co-founding Major League Soccer as well as multiple teams, including the Los Angeles Galaxy, Chicago Fire, Houston Dynamo, San Jose Earthquakes, and the New York/New Jersey MetroStars. Anschutz owns stakes in the Los Angeles Lakers, Los Angeles Kings, and venues including the Staples Center, The O2, London, and the StubHub Center. Anschutz also invests in family films such as The Chronicles of Narnia, Ray, Joshua and the financial flop, Sahara. Forbes ranks him the 38th richest person in the U.S. with an estimated net worth of $12.5 billion as of March 2017.



Contents


1 Life and career

1.1 Land ownership
1.2 Rail and petroleum businesses
1.3 Entertainment - Anschutz Entertainment Group
1.4 Soccer
1.5 Other sports
1.6 Philanthropy
1.7 Other business ventures
1.8 Political and religious activism


2 References
3 External links



Life and career[edit]
Anschutz was born in Russell, Kansas, the son of Marian (née Pfister) and Frederick Benjamin Anschutz.[2][3] He has one older sister, Sue Anschutz-Rodgers, who became a Colorado rancher and philanthropist.[4][5] His father was an oil tycoon and land investor who invested in ranches in Colorado, Utah and Wyoming, and eventually went into the oil-drilling business. Carl Anschutz,[6] Anschutz's grandfather, an ethnic German who emigrated from Russia, started the Farmers State Bank in Russell, Kansas. Anschutz grew up in Russell, Wichita, and Hays, Kansas, where he lived near Bob Dole. In later years, Anschutz contributed to Dole's political campaigns. He graduated from Wichita High School East in 1957, and graduated with a bachelor's degree in business from the University of Kansas in 1961 where he was a member of the Sigma Chi Fraternity.[7] His first cousin was the fellow Russell native and long-time news anchor Wendall Anschutz.[8] A member of the Evangelical Presbyterian Church, he is a conservative Christian.[7][9] He and his wife Nancy, whom he met when he was 16, have three children. Anschutz was inducted into the Kansas Business Hall of Fame in 2000[10] and the U.S. Business Hall of Fame in 2002.[11]
Anschutz is a somewhat reclusive man who prefers to stay out of the limelight. He has granted only three formal interviews since 1979, and none at all from the 1980s until 2015.[12][13] On December 6, 2015, Anschutz broke his media silence when he appeared with several of the founders of Major League Soccer to reflect on the league's 20th anniversary.[14]
Land ownership[edit]
In 1970, Anschutz bought the 250,000-acre (1,000 km²) Baughman Farms, one of the country's largest farming corporations, in Liberal, Kansas, for $10 million. The following year, he acquired 9 million acres (36,000 km²) along the Utah-Wyoming border. This produced his first fortune in the oil business.[15] In the early 1980s, the Anschutz Ranch, with its 1 billion barrel (160,000,000 m³) oil pocket, became the largest oil field discovery in the United States since Prudhoe Bay in Alaska in 1968. He sold an interest in it to Mobil Oil for $500 million in 1982.
For several years, Anschutz was Colorado's sole billionaire. With his acquisition of land in other Western states, he is one of the 100 largest landholders in the United States.[16][17]
Anschutz then moved into railroads and telecommunications before venturing into the entertainment industry. In 1999, Fortune magazine compared him to the nineteenth-century tycoon J.P. Morgan, as both men "struck it rich in a fundamentally different way: they operated across an astounding array of industries, mastering and reshaping entire economic landscapes."
Rail and petroleum businesses[edit]
In 1984, he entered the railroad business by purchasing the Rio Grande Railroad's holding company, Rio Grande Industries. Four years later in 1988, the Rio Grande railroad purchased the Southern Pacific Railroad under his direction. With the merger of the Southern Pacific and Union Pacific Corporation in September 1996, Anschutz became Vice-Chairman of Union Pacific. Prior to the merger, he was a director of Southern Pacific from June 1988 to September 1996, and non-executive chairman of Southern Pacific from 1993 to September 1996. He was also a director of Forest Oil Corporation beginning in 1995. In November 1993 he became Director and Chairman of the Board of Qwest, stepping down as a nonexecutive co-chairman in 2002 but remaining on the board. He has also been a director for Pacific Energy Partners and served on the boards of the American Petroleum Institute, in Washington, D.C. and the National Petroleum Council in Washington, D.C.
In May 2001, the Bush administration upheld Anschutz's right to drill an exploratory oil well at Weatherman Draw in south-central Montana where Native American tribes wanted to preserve sacred rock drawings. Environmental groups, preservationists, and ten Native American tribes had appealed the decision without success. In April 2002, the Anschutz Exploration Corporation gave up its plans to drill for oil in the area. They donated its leases for oil and gas rights to the National Trust for Historic Preservation, which has pledged to let the leases expire, and the Bureau of Land Management said it had no plans to permit further leases there and would consider formal withdrawal of the 4,268 acre (17 km²) site from mineral leasing in its 2004 management plan. In recognition of its preservation efforts, The National Trust for Historic Preservation presented its President's Award to the Anschutz Exploration Corporation[18]
In May 2003, New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer reached a settlement with Anschutz after the AG filed a civil complaint accusing Anschutz of accepting IPO shares from Salomon Smith Barney in exchange for Qwest's investment banking business. Anschutz denied any wrongdoing but volunteered to donate a total of $4.4 million to settle the case as long as he selected the recipient organizations in advance.[19] Anschutz paid $100,000 to each of 32 New York nonprofit philanthropic groups, as well as $200,000 to each of six law schools. In return, Spitzer dropped his civil suit.[20] The payment was roughly equal to his profit from the practice of IPO "spinning"; thus, he actually suffered no penalty. The suit by Spitzer was panned in a Wall Street Journal editorial headlined, "The Anschutz Ransom".[21] The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the U.S. Department of Justice extensively investigated Qwest officials and determined there was no justification for taking action against any board member. The Denver Post summarized the implications for Anschutz: "Not only is Qwest founder and board member Philip Anschutz not a defendant in the long-awaited civil case against the regime of former Qwest chief executive Joe Nacchio, he doesn't even merit a mention in the 50-page complaint."[22]
In February 2006, the Denver Rocky Mountain News reported that Anschutz would not stand for re-election to the boards of Qwest and Union Pacific and would resign from the board of Regal Entertainment Group so he could focus on his other investments.[23]
On June 24, 2008, it was announced that Anschutz would buy Xanterra Parks and Resorts, which had purchased the Grand Canyon Railway in 2007.[24] In 2011, it was announced that Anschutz purchased the Oklahoma Publishing Company, and as part of their assets the Broadmoor and the Manitou and Pike's Peak Railway in Colorado Springs.[25]
Effective August 1, 2010, Xanterra Parks and Resorts purchased and assumed management of Kingsmill Resort. Xanterra purchased the resort from Busch Properties, Inc. (BPI).
Entertainment - Anschutz Entertainment Group[edit]
Main article: Anschutz Entertainment Group
The Anschutz Entertainment Group (AEG) is a sporting and music entertainment presenter and a subsidiary of The Anschutz Corporation. It is the owner of entertainment venues and under AEG Live the world's second largest presenter of live music and entertainment events after Live Nation.
On September 18, 2012, Anschutz announced he was putting AEG up for sale but decided not to accept[13] any of the bids, and on March 14 he took AEG off the market.[26]
Soccer[edit]
Anschutz is one of only four recipients of the National Soccer Hall of Fame's Medal of Honor for his contributions to growing the sport of soccer in the United States.[27] Sports Business Journal ranked Anschutz in 2006 as the #1 most influential person in soccer in the U.S.[28] Anschutz was one of the founders of Major League Soccer as well as multiple teams, including the Los Angeles Galaxy, Chicago Fire, Colorado Rapids, Houston Dynamo, San Jose Earthquakes, D.C. United, and the New York/New Jersey MetroStars.[29] He owns a stake in the StubHub Center, the stadium for the MLS team LA Galaxy and former MLS team Chivas USA. For some time, while MLS was struggling, Anschutz owned six MLS franchises and experienced significant financial losses. For this reason, Anschutz has been called the man who saved MLS.[30][31] MLS Commissioner Don Garber stated in 2006 that "without Phil Anschutz, there's no MLS today."[27]
Anschutz was instrumental in several MLS initiatives that have grown the league's revenues and profits. For example, Anschutz pushed for the building of soccer-specific stadiums, allowing MLS teams to increase revenue and better control costs.[27] Anschutz also advocated for MLS' creation of Soccer United Marketing, the league's sales and marketing arm.[27] Anschutz has since sold his stake in the Chicago, Denver, Houston, New York, San Jose and D.C. MLS teams and currently only owns the Galaxy.
Other sports[edit]
The SportsBusiness Journal named Anschutz the fifth most influential person in sports business in 2012 in its annual survey of the "50 Most Influential People in Sports Business."[32] Anschutz owns stakes in the Los Angeles Lakers and Los Angeles Kings and venues including the Staples Center and O2 Arena. AEG is the world's largest owner of sports teams, sports events, and sports venues.
Philanthropy[edit]
One of the world's wealthiest individuals, Anschutz has been an active philanthropist.[33] He was listed as #113 on the Forbes list of billionaires in January 2015, with a net worth of $10.3 billion.[34] He heads the Anschutz Foundation.
Anschutz and his wife have contributed over $100,000,000 to the new medical, dental, nursing, and pharmacy campus of the University of Colorado School of Medicine in Aurora, Colorado, which is now named the Anschutz Medical Campus in their honor. The land came from the recently closed Fitzsimons Army Medical Center, but millions were needed for the construction of new medical laboratory buildings and a new University Hospital on the land.
They have also donated to the University of Kansas, their alma mater. There is an Anschutz Library and Anschutz Sports Pavilion named in honor of their contributions.
In recognition of their philanthropic efforts, the Anschutzes were named the winners of the 2009 William E. Simon Prize for Philanthropic Leadership.[35]
Other business ventures[edit]
Anschutz had multiple other business ventures, including Forest Oil, Pacific Energy Group, Union Pacific Railroad (Anschutz is the company's largest shareholder, with a 6% stake), the Regal Entertainment Group, which is the largest movie theater chain in the world, with approximately 7,000 screens - Anschutz owns more than half of the company, and multiple newspapers and media groups. Anschutz has invested in, for example, the Clarity Media Group, a Denver-based publishing group that includes[36] newspapers like The Oklahoman, the largest newspaper in Oklahoma, the San Francisco Daily (purchased in 2004, sold in November 2011), the Washington Daily, which was spun off from a number of D.C. area suburban dailies, the Baltimore Daily, which launched in April 2006 and was shut down in early 2009, .com, a hyper-local web portal where citizen journalists write on local topics from news to blog-like stories, the Weekly Standard (purchased in 2009),[37] and The Gazette, the second-largest newspaper in Colorado with a daily circulation of 74,172 (purchased on November 30, 2012)[38] (Anschutz has trademarked the name "Examiner" in more than sixty cities.) Anschutz invested in both the Oil & Gas Asset Clearinghouse, which is an auction company designed for the Oil & Gas Business, and NRC Broadcasting, which owns a string of radio stations in Colorado. The Anschutz Investment Company also purchased LightEdge Solutions in February 2008. LightEdge is a business-to-business hosted services provider focused on Wide-Area-Networking, Voice-over-IP, Hosted Microsoft applications (Exchange, OCS, SharePoint), hosted servers/storage collocation cage and rackspace and Business Continuity Services.[39]
It was announced on September 15, 2011, that Anschutz would be acquiring all assets of the Oklahoma Publishing Company (OPUBCO) from the Gaylord and Dickinson families. Upon closing, Anschutz would operate OPUBCO separately from all his other publishing and media assets as its own independent company. Closing was expected in October 2011. In March 2012, it was reported that Anschutz was interested in buying the Rangers. He also invested in the Power Company of Wyoming LLC,[40] formed in 2007[41] (re-incorporated in 2010)[42]) for the purpose of building the Chokecherry and Sierra Madre wind power complex in Carbon County, Wyoming, comprising up to 1,000 wind turbines with up to 3,000 megawatts of capacity.[40] It will be sited on 229,077 acres, about half federal, about half privately owned by an affiliate, and a smattering of state lands.[43][44] According to the Bureau of Land Management, which on July 2, 2012, announced completion of the project's final Environmental Impact Statement, "Chokecherry and Sierra Madre are two distinct sites approximately five miles apart which are both being analyzed together. When combined, they comprise the largest commercial wind generation facility proposed in the U.S. and one of the largest in the world." Construction is expected to start in 2013, and cost an estimated $4 billion-$6 billion."[45]
Political and religious activism[edit]
Anschutz supported the Parents Television Council, a group that protests against television indecency.[46] He also financed and distributed films with Christian themes for mass audiences (through his two film production companies and ownership of much of the Regal, Edwards and United Artists theater chains) such as Amazing Grace and The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.[citation needed] He financed The Foundation for a Better Life. In 2009 Anschutz purchased the conservative American opinion magazine The Weekly Standard from Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation.[47] Anschutz and fellow board members of the American Petroleum Institute in Washington are credited by Bush's energy secretary for the Oval Office decision in 2001 to stand with the 95-0 vote in the U.S. Senate four years earlier against bringing ratification of the Kyoto Protocol to the floor for consideration. In 2010, he financed the pro-charter school film, Waiting for Superman.[48] In 2012, he financed the pro-parent trigger film, Won't Back Down.[49]
References[edit]


^ Forbes: The World's billionaires - Philip Anschutz September 2014
^ "chemistrydaily Resources and Information". Chemistrydaily.com. Retrieved April 8, 2017. 
^ "Denver Post: Archive Results". 
^ Lutz, Catherine (April 2, 2012). "The Aspen 50 – Forbes billionaires in Pitkin County". Aspen Business Journal. Retrieved January 12, 2017. 
^ "Sue Anschutz-Rodgers". Colorado Women's Hall of Fame. 2016. Retrieved January 12, 2017. 
^ A Standard History of Kansas and Kansans, by William E. Connelley Accessed March 2013.
^ a b Contemporary Honors Award Recipient Philip Anschutz, Kansas Business Hall of Fame, February 2000
^ Gilpin, Kenneth N. (October 4, 1984). "BUSINESS PEOPLE – BUSINESS PEOPLE – Anschutz Founder Shuns Limelight". The New York Times. Retrieved April 1, 2011. 
^ "Philip Anschutz: The Westerner" The Independent, July 8, 2006. Retrieved from Internet Archive June 30, 2016
^ "Contemporary Honors Award Recipient 2000 - School of Business | Emporia State University". www.emporia.edu. Retrieved December 7, 2015. 
^ "Junior Achievement U.S. Business Hall of Fame". 
^ Gordon, Philip. "Phil Anschutz's conservative agenda". Politico. Retrieved April 8, 2017. 
^ a b Markazi, Arash. Potential AEG sale raises questions. ESPN, September 18, 2012.
^ MLS founders reflect on 20 years of Major League Soccer. Major League Soccer, December 6, 2015.
^ "The real king of the Los Angeles Kings: mystery billionaire Philip Anschutz". June 12, 2012. 
^ O'Reilly, Brian (September 6, 1999). "Billionaire Next Door Philip Anschutz may be the richest American you've never heard of. But this in many ways ordinary guy is an extraordinary businessman, as we learned when we went hunting for the elusive". CNN. Retrieved May 22, 2010. 
^ "Land Report 100 – Largest Landowners In The U.S.". The Land Report. Retrieved April 8, 2017. 
^ "Anschutz Group Wins Recognition for Support Award Celebrates Valley of Chiefs Work". Rocky Mountain News. February 11, 2003. 
^ "Anschutz, Spitzer Settle, Then Fight". Forbes. May 14, 2003. 
^ Dead link at nydailynews.com, May 15, 2003.
^ WSJ Review and Outlook, May 15, 2003.
^ "Anschutz not named in lawsuit ... No indication action is pending". nl.newsbank.com. 
^ Dead link at rockymountainnews.com.
^ Whitehurst, Patrick (June 24, 2008). "New ownership for Xanterra, GC Railway". Williams News. Retrieved June 25, 2008. 
^ "Anschutz Buys Manitou & Pikes Peak". DRGW.Net. September 19, 2011. 
^ "Anschutz Says Luring NFL Team Is Priority After Ending AEG Sale". March 15, 2013 – via www.bloomberg.com. 
^ a b c d Sports Business Journal, Soccer’s visionary: Phil Anschutz, June 5, 2006, http://www.sportsbusinessdaily.com/Journal/Issues/2006/06/20060605/SBJ-In-Depth/Soccers-Visionary-Phil-Anschutz.aspx
^ Sports Business Journal, The 20 Most Influential People in Soccer, June 5, 2006, http://m.sportsbusinessdaily.com/Journal/Issues/2006/06/20060605/SBJ-In-Depth/The-20-Most-Influential-People-In-Soccer.aspx
^ "How Philip Anschutz Made Billions Seeing What Others Missed". The Motley Fool. July 20, 2015. 
^ SB Nation, The Two Sides of Phillip Anschutz: An American Soccer Savior With a Disturbing Social Agenda, November 10, 2011, http://www.dynamotheory.com/2011/11/10/2551015/the-two-sides-of-phillip-anschutz-houston-dynamo-la-galaxy-mls-cup-2011
^ TropiGol Sports, Anschutz saved MLS from extinction, September 19, 2012, http://www.tropigol.com/2012/09/19/anschutz-saved-mls-from-extinction/
^ December 10, 2012, Pages 20-22. "50 Most Influential: 2-10 - SportsBusiness Daily | SportsBusiness Journal | SportsBusiness Daily Global". SportsBusiness Daily. Retrieved April 8, 2017. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Philip Anschutz's Philanthropy page. Faces of Philanthropy, accessed December 23, 2010.
^ Forbes realtime list of billionaires, Forbes, accessed January 18, 2015.
^ Jonathan Last, "Pass It On", Philanthropy Roundtable, Fall 2009.
^ Clarity
^ Corcoran, Michael. "The Weekly Standard’s War: Murdoch sells the magazine that sold the Iraq invasion", Fairness and Accuracy in Reporting, September 2009.
^ Avery, Greg (November 30, 2012). "Anschutz buys Colorado Springs Gazette". Denver Business Journal. Retrieved November 30, 2012. 
^ "The Anschutz Co. buys Des Moines firm", Denver Business Journal, March 25, 2008, accessed March 10, 2011
^ a b "Power Company of Wyoming: Chokecherry and Sierra Madre Wind Energy Project". 
^ "Business Entity Detail - Wyoming Secretary of State". 
^ "Business Entity Detail - Wyoming Secretary of State". 
^ "BLM project map, accessed 2012/07/05". 
^ "BLM. Chokecherry & Sierra Madre Wind Energy Project Final EIS, Volume II, Chapter 1, page 4" (PDF). 
^ "Chokecherry and Sierra Madre project description pdf, accessed 2012/07/05". 
^ Clark, Justin, "Citizen Anschutz: How the conservative Christian head of Regal Cinemas is trying to change how you see movies", Nerve.com, March 23, 2006.
^ "Weekly Standard sold to Washington Examiner parent company", Washington Examiner, June 17, 2009.
^ Substance News, October 28, 2010 http://www.substancenews.net/articles.php?page=1746
^ Josh Eidelson, "Walmart, Right-Wing Media Company Hold Star-Studded Benefit Promoting Education Reform Film" In These Times, August 13, 2012, http://www.inthesetimes.com/working/entry/13643/walmart_anschutz_teachers_rock_wont_back_down_union_parent_trigger_viola_da/


External links[edit]

"The Man Behind the Curtain", Forbes, 2010-11-08.
"Philip Anschutz, Chairman and CEO, The Anschutz Corporation, Denver, CO", The Horatio Alger Association of Distinguished Americans.
Bruck, Connie, "The Man Who Owns LA", The New Yorker, January 16, 2012.
Philip Anschutz on IMDb








v
t
e


Current National Hockey League owners















Eastern Conference







Atlantic Division
Metropolitan Division






Jeremy Jacobs (Boston Bruins)
Terrence Pegula (Buffalo Sabres)
Ilitch Holdings (Detroit Red Wings)
Vincent Viola (Florida Panthers)
Molson family (Montreal Canadiens)
Eugene Melnyk (Ottawa Senators)
Jeffrey Vinik (Tampa Bay Lightning)
Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment (Toronto Maple Leafs)








Peter Karmanos Jr. (Carolina Hurricanes)
John P. McConnell (Columbus Blue Jackets)
Joshua Harris (New Jersey Devils)
Jon Ledecky and Scott D. Malkin (New York Islanders)
The Madison Square Garden Company (New York Rangers)
Comcast Spectacor (Philadelphia Flyers)
Mario Lemieux and Ronald Burkle (Pittsburgh Penguins)
Ted Leonsis (Washington Capitals)


















Western Conference







Central Division
Pacific Division






Rocky Wirtz (Chicago Blackhawks)
Ann Walton Kroenke (Colorado Avalanche)
Tom Gaglardi (Dallas Stars)
Craig Leipold (Minnesota Wild)
Predators Holdings LLC (Nashville Predators)
SLB Acquisition Holdings LLC (St. Louis Blues)
True North Sports & Entertainment (Winnipeg Jets)








Henry Samueli (Anaheim Ducks)
Andrew Barroway (Arizona Coyotes)
Calgary Sports and Entertainment (Calgary Flames)
Oilers Entertainment Group (Edmonton Oilers)
Anschutz Entertainment Group (Los Angeles Kings)
San Jose Sports & Entertainment (San Jose Sharks)
Canucks Sports & Entertainment (Vancouver Canucks)
Black Knight Sports & Entertainment (Vegas Golden Knights)




















v
t
e


Los Angeles Kings






Founded in 1967
Based in Los Angeles, California





Franchise



Team
General managers
Coaches
Players
Captains
Draft picks (Expansion draft)
Seasons
Current season





History



History
1967 expansion
Records
Award winners
Retired numbers





Personnel



Owners
Philip Anschutz
Edward P. Roski
General manager
Rob Blake
Head coach
John Stevens
Team captain
Anze Kopitar
Current roster





Arenas



Long Beach Arena
Los Angeles Memorial Sports Arena
The Forum
Staples Center





Rivalries



Anaheim Ducks





Affiliates



AHL
Ontario Reign
ECHL
Manchester Monarchs





Media



Broadcasters
TV: FSN West/Prime Ticket
Radio: KABC (790 AM)





Culture and lore



I Love L.A.
Bailey
Frozen Fury
Miracle on Manchester
1991 Las Vegas outdoor game
Garnet Bailey and Mark Bavis
The Love Guru
2011 NHL Premiere
2014 NHL Stadium Series
2015 NHL Stadium Series









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 21999168
LCCN: nr91027329
ISNI: 0000 0000 5088 5979
GND: 122719832










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Philip_Anschutz&oldid=790712417"					
Categories: American business executivesAmerican investors1939 birthsLiving peopleAnschutz CorporationAmerican billionairesAmerican energy industry businesspeopleAmerican entertainment industry businesspeopleAmerican newspaper publishers (people)American philanthropistsAmerican PresbyteriansAmerican people of German descentAmerican railway entrepreneursAmerican real estate businesspeopleAmerican soccer chairmen and investorsAmerican stock tradersChicago Fire Soccer ClubColorado Rapids ownersColorado RepublicansHouston DynamoLos Angeles Kings ownersLos Angeles Lakers ownersMajor League Soccer executivesNew York Red BullsNational Soccer Hall of Fame membersPeople from Russell, KansasThe San Francisco Examiner peopleSan Jose EarthquakesSouthern Pacific Railroad peopleUniversity of Kansas alumniWomen's National Basketball Association executivesAmerican railroadersStanley Cup championsPeople from Wichita, KansasPeople from Hays, KansasHidden categories: CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listUse mdy dates from April 2017Pages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2011Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어ItalianoSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 15 July 2017, at 16:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Philip Anschutz - Wikipedia





















 






Philip Anschutz

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Philip Anschutz


Born
Philip Frederick Anschutz
(1939-12-28) December 28, 1939 (age 77)
Russell, Kansas, U.S.


Residence
Denver, Colorado, U.S.


Nationality
American


Alma mater
University of Kansas


Occupation
Businessman


Net worth
US$12.5 billion (March 2017)[1]


Spouse(s)
Nancy Anschutz


Children
3


Philip Frederick Anschutz (/ˈænʃuːts/ AN-shoots; born December 28, 1939) is an American entrepreneur. Anschutz bought out his father's drilling company, Circle A Drilling, in 1961 and earned large returns in Wyoming. He has invested in stocks, real estate and railroads. He then began investing in entertainment companies, co-founding Major League Soccer as well as multiple teams, including the Los Angeles Galaxy, Chicago Fire, Houston Dynamo, San Jose Earthquakes, and the New York/New Jersey MetroStars. Anschutz owns stakes in the Los Angeles Lakers, Los Angeles Kings, and venues including the Staples Center, The O2, London, and the StubHub Center. Anschutz also invests in family films such as The Chronicles of Narnia, Ray, Joshua and the financial flop, Sahara. Forbes ranks him the 38th richest person in the U.S. with an estimated net worth of $12.5 billion as of March 2017.



Contents


1 Life and career

1.1 Land ownership
1.2 Rail and petroleum businesses
1.3 Entertainment - Anschutz Entertainment Group
1.4 Soccer
1.5 Other sports
1.6 Philanthropy
1.7 Other business ventures
1.8 Political and religious activism


2 References
3 External links



Life and career[edit]
Anschutz was born in Russell, Kansas, the son of Marian (née Pfister) and Frederick Benjamin Anschutz.[2][3] He has one older sister, Sue Anschutz-Rodgers, who became a Colorado rancher and philanthropist.[4][5] His father was an oil tycoon and land investor who invested in ranches in Colorado, Utah and Wyoming, and eventually went into the oil-drilling business. Carl Anschutz,[6] Anschutz's grandfather, an ethnic German who emigrated from Russia, started the Farmers State Bank in Russell, Kansas. Anschutz grew up in Russell, Wichita, and Hays, Kansas, where he lived near Bob Dole. In later years, Anschutz contributed to Dole's political campaigns. He graduated from Wichita High School East in 1957, and graduated with a bachelor's degree in business from the University of Kansas in 1961 where he was a member of the Sigma Chi Fraternity.[7] His first cousin was the fellow Russell native and long-time news anchor Wendall Anschutz.[8] A member of the Evangelical Presbyterian Church, he is a conservative Christian.[7][9] He and his wife Nancy, whom he met when he was 16, have three children. Anschutz was inducted into the Kansas Business Hall of Fame in 2000[10] and the U.S. Business Hall of Fame in 2002.[11]
Anschutz is a somewhat reclusive man who prefers to stay out of the limelight. He has granted only three formal interviews since 1979, and none at all from the 1980s until 2015.[12][13] On December 6, 2015, Anschutz broke his media silence when he appeared with several of the founders of Major League Soccer to reflect on the league's 20th anniversary.[14]
Land ownership[edit]
In 1970, Anschutz bought the 250,000-acre (1,000 km²) Baughman Farms, one of the country's largest farming corporations, in Liberal, Kansas, for $10 million. The following year, he acquired 9 million acres (36,000 km²) along the Utah-Wyoming border. This produced his first fortune in the oil business.[15] In the early 1980s, the Anschutz Ranch, with its 1 billion barrel (160,000,000 m³) oil pocket, became the largest oil field discovery in the United States since Prudhoe Bay in Alaska in 1968. He sold an interest in it to Mobil Oil for $500 million in 1982.
For several years, Anschutz was Colorado's sole billionaire. With his acquisition of land in other Western states, he is one of the 100 largest landholders in the United States.[16][17]
Anschutz then moved into railroads and telecommunications before venturing into the entertainment industry. In 1999, Fortune magazine compared him to the nineteenth-century tycoon J.P. Morgan, as both men "struck it rich in a fundamentally different way: they operated across an astounding array of industries, mastering and reshaping entire economic landscapes."
Rail and petroleum businesses[edit]
In 1984, he entered the railroad business by purchasing the Rio Grande Railroad's holding company, Rio Grande Industries. Four years later in 1988, the Rio Grande railroad purchased the Southern Pacific Railroad under his direction. With the merger of the Southern Pacific and Union Pacific Corporation in September 1996, Anschutz became Vice-Chairman of Union Pacific. Prior to the merger, he was a director of Southern Pacific from June 1988 to September 1996, and non-executive chairman of Southern Pacific from 1993 to September 1996. He was also a director of Forest Oil Corporation beginning in 1995. In November 1993 he became Director and Chairman of the Board of Qwest, stepping down as a nonexecutive co-chairman in 2002 but remaining on the board. He has also been a director for Pacific Energy Partners and served on the boards of the American Petroleum Institute, in Washington, D.C. and the National Petroleum Council in Washington, D.C.
In May 2001, the Bush administration upheld Anschutz's right to drill an exploratory oil well at Weatherman Draw in south-central Montana where Native American tribes wanted to preserve sacred rock drawings. Environmental groups, preservationists, and ten Native American tribes had appealed the decision without success. In April 2002, the Anschutz Exploration Corporation gave up its plans to drill for oil in the area. They donated its leases for oil and gas rights to the National Trust for Historic Preservation, which has pledged to let the leases expire, and the Bureau of Land Management said it had no plans to permit further leases there and would consider formal withdrawal of the 4,268 acre (17 km²) site from mineral leasing in its 2004 management plan. In recognition of its preservation efforts, The National Trust for Historic Preservation presented its President's Award to the Anschutz Exploration Corporation[18]
In May 2003, New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer reached a settlement with Anschutz after the AG filed a civil complaint accusing Anschutz of accepting IPO shares from Salomon Smith Barney in exchange for Qwest's investment banking business. Anschutz denied any wrongdoing but volunteered to donate a total of $4.4 million to settle the case as long as he selected the recipient organizations in advance.[19] Anschutz paid $100,000 to each of 32 New York nonprofit philanthropic groups, as well as $200,000 to each of six law schools. In return, Spitzer dropped his civil suit.[20] The payment was roughly equal to his profit from the practice of IPO "spinning"; thus, he actually suffered no penalty. The suit by Spitzer was panned in a Wall Street Journal editorial headlined, "The Anschutz Ransom".[21] The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the U.S. Department of Justice extensively investigated Qwest officials and determined there was no justification for taking action against any board member. The Denver Post summarized the implications for Anschutz: "Not only is Qwest founder and board member Philip Anschutz not a defendant in the long-awaited civil case against the regime of former Qwest chief executive Joe Nacchio, he doesn't even merit a mention in the 50-page complaint."[22]
In February 2006, the Denver Rocky Mountain News reported that Anschutz would not stand for re-election to the boards of Qwest and Union Pacific and would resign from the board of Regal Entertainment Group so he could focus on his other investments.[23]
On June 24, 2008, it was announced that Anschutz would buy Xanterra Parks and Resorts, which had purchased the Grand Canyon Railway in 2007.[24] In 2011, it was announced that Anschutz purchased the Oklahoma Publishing Company, and as part of their assets the Broadmoor and the Manitou and Pike's Peak Railway in Colorado Springs.[25]
Effective August 1, 2010, Xanterra Parks and Resorts purchased and assumed management of Kingsmill Resort. Xanterra purchased the resort from Busch Properties, Inc. (BPI).
Entertainment - Anschutz Entertainment Group[edit]
Main article: Anschutz Entertainment Group
The Anschutz Entertainment Group (AEG) is a sporting and music entertainment presenter and a subsidiary of The Anschutz Corporation. It is the owner of entertainment venues and under AEG Live the world's second largest presenter of live music and entertainment events after Live Nation.
On September 18, 2012, Anschutz announced he was putting AEG up for sale but decided not to accept[13] any of the bids, and on March 14 he took AEG off the market.[26]
Soccer[edit]
Anschutz is one of only four recipients of the National Soccer Hall of Fame's Medal of Honor for his contributions to growing the sport of soccer in the United States.[27] Sports Business Journal ranked Anschutz in 2006 as the #1 most influential person in soccer in the U.S.[28] Anschutz was one of the founders of Major League Soccer as well as multiple teams, including the Los Angeles Galaxy, Chicago Fire, Colorado Rapids, Houston Dynamo, San Jose Earthquakes, D.C. United, and the New York/New Jersey MetroStars.[29] He owns a stake in the StubHub Center, the stadium for the MLS team LA Galaxy and former MLS team Chivas USA. For some time, while MLS was struggling, Anschutz owned six MLS franchises and experienced significant financial losses. For this reason, Anschutz has been called the man who saved MLS.[30][31] MLS Commissioner Don Garber stated in 2006 that "without Phil Anschutz, there's no MLS today."[27]
Anschutz was instrumental in several MLS initiatives that have grown the league's revenues and profits. For example, Anschutz pushed for the building of soccer-specific stadiums, allowing MLS teams to increase revenue and better control costs.[27] Anschutz also advocated for MLS' creation of Soccer United Marketing, the league's sales and marketing arm.[27] Anschutz has since sold his stake in the Chicago, Denver, Houston, New York, San Jose and D.C. MLS teams and currently only owns the Galaxy.
Other sports[edit]
The SportsBusiness Journal named Anschutz the fifth most influential person in sports business in 2012 in its annual survey of the "50 Most Influential People in Sports Business."[32] Anschutz owns stakes in the Los Angeles Lakers and Los Angeles Kings and venues including the Staples Center and O2 Arena. AEG is the world's largest owner of sports teams, sports events, and sports venues.
Philanthropy[edit]
One of the world's wealthiest individuals, Anschutz has been an active philanthropist.[33] He was listed as #113 on the Forbes list of billionaires in January 2015, with a net worth of $10.3 billion.[34] He heads the Anschutz Foundation.
Anschutz and his wife have contributed over $100,000,000 to the new medical, dental, nursing, and pharmacy campus of the University of Colorado School of Medicine in Aurora, Colorado, which is now named the Anschutz Medical Campus in their honor. The land came from the recently closed Fitzsimons Army Medical Center, but millions were needed for the construction of new medical laboratory buildings and a new University Hospital on the land.
They have also donated to the University of Kansas, their alma mater. There is an Anschutz Library and Anschutz Sports Pavilion named in honor of their contributions.
In recognition of their philanthropic efforts, the Anschutzes were named the winners of the 2009 William E. Simon Prize for Philanthropic Leadership.[35]
Other business ventures[edit]
Anschutz had multiple other business ventures, including Forest Oil, Pacific Energy Group, Union Pacific Railroad (Anschutz is the company's largest shareholder, with a 6% stake), the Regal Entertainment Group, which is the largest movie theater chain in the world, with approximately 7,000 screens - Anschutz owns more than half of the company, and multiple newspapers and media groups. Anschutz has invested in, for example, the Clarity Media Group, a Denver-based publishing group that includes[36] newspapers like The Oklahoman, the largest newspaper in Oklahoma, the San Francisco Daily (purchased in 2004, sold in November 2011), the Washington Daily, which was spun off from a number of D.C. area suburban dailies, the Baltimore Daily, which launched in April 2006 and was shut down in early 2009, .com, a hyper-local web portal where citizen journalists write on local topics from news to blog-like stories, the Weekly Standard (purchased in 2009),[37] and The Gazette, the second-largest newspaper in Colorado with a daily circulation of 74,172 (purchased on November 30, 2012)[38] (Anschutz has trademarked the name "Examiner" in more than sixty cities.) Anschutz invested in both the Oil & Gas Asset Clearinghouse, which is an auction company designed for the Oil & Gas Business, and NRC Broadcasting, which owns a string of radio stations in Colorado. The Anschutz Investment Company also purchased LightEdge Solutions in February 2008. LightEdge is a business-to-business hosted services provider focused on Wide-Area-Networking, Voice-over-IP, Hosted Microsoft applications (Exchange, OCS, SharePoint), hosted servers/storage collocation cage and rackspace and Business Continuity Services.[39]
It was announced on September 15, 2011, that Anschutz would be acquiring all assets of the Oklahoma Publishing Company (OPUBCO) from the Gaylord and Dickinson families. Upon closing, Anschutz would operate OPUBCO separately from all his other publishing and media assets as its own independent company. Closing was expected in October 2011. In March 2012, it was reported that Anschutz was interested in buying the Rangers. He also invested in the Power Company of Wyoming LLC,[40] formed in 2007[41] (re-incorporated in 2010)[42]) for the purpose of building the Chokecherry and Sierra Madre wind power complex in Carbon County, Wyoming, comprising up to 1,000 wind turbines with up to 3,000 megawatts of capacity.[40] It will be sited on 229,077 acres, about half federal, about half privately owned by an affiliate, and a smattering of state lands.[43][44] According to the Bureau of Land Management, which on July 2, 2012, announced completion of the project's final Environmental Impact Statement, "Chokecherry and Sierra Madre are two distinct sites approximately five miles apart which are both being analyzed together. When combined, they comprise the largest commercial wind generation facility proposed in the U.S. and one of the largest in the world." Construction is expected to start in 2013, and cost an estimated $4 billion-$6 billion."[45]
Political and religious activism[edit]
Anschutz supported the Parents Television Council, a group that protests against television indecency.[46] He also financed and distributed films with Christian themes for mass audiences (through his two film production companies and ownership of much of the Regal, Edwards and United Artists theater chains) such as Amazing Grace and The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.[citation needed] He financed The Foundation for a Better Life. In 2009 Anschutz purchased the conservative American opinion magazine The Weekly Standard from Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation.[47] Anschutz and fellow board members of the American Petroleum Institute in Washington are credited by Bush's energy secretary for the Oval Office decision in 2001 to stand with the 95-0 vote in the U.S. Senate four years earlier against bringing ratification of the Kyoto Protocol to the floor for consideration. In 2010, he financed the pro-charter school film, Waiting for Superman.[48] In 2012, he financed the pro-parent trigger film, Won't Back Down.[49]
References[edit]


^ Forbes: The World's billionaires - Philip Anschutz September 2014
^ "chemistrydaily Resources and Information". Chemistrydaily.com. Retrieved April 8, 2017. 
^ "Denver Post: Archive Results". 
^ Lutz, Catherine (April 2, 2012). "The Aspen 50 – Forbes billionaires in Pitkin County". Aspen Business Journal. Retrieved January 12, 2017. 
^ "Sue Anschutz-Rodgers". Colorado Women's Hall of Fame. 2016. Retrieved January 12, 2017. 
^ A Standard History of Kansas and Kansans, by William E. Connelley Accessed March 2013.
^ a b Contemporary Honors Award Recipient Philip Anschutz, Kansas Business Hall of Fame, February 2000
^ Gilpin, Kenneth N. (October 4, 1984). "BUSINESS PEOPLE – BUSINESS PEOPLE – Anschutz Founder Shuns Limelight". The New York Times. Retrieved April 1, 2011. 
^ "Philip Anschutz: The Westerner" The Independent, July 8, 2006. Retrieved from Internet Archive June 30, 2016
^ "Contemporary Honors Award Recipient 2000 - School of Business | Emporia State University". www.emporia.edu. Retrieved December 7, 2015. 
^ "Junior Achievement U.S. Business Hall of Fame". 
^ Gordon, Philip. "Phil Anschutz's conservative agenda". Politico. Retrieved April 8, 2017. 
^ a b Markazi, Arash. Potential AEG sale raises questions. ESPN, September 18, 2012.
^ MLS founders reflect on 20 years of Major League Soccer. Major League Soccer, December 6, 2015.
^ "The real king of the Los Angeles Kings: mystery billionaire Philip Anschutz". June 12, 2012. 
^ O'Reilly, Brian (September 6, 1999). "Billionaire Next Door Philip Anschutz may be the richest American you've never heard of. But this in many ways ordinary guy is an extraordinary businessman, as we learned when we went hunting for the elusive". CNN. Retrieved May 22, 2010. 
^ "Land Report 100 – Largest Landowners In The U.S.". The Land Report. Retrieved April 8, 2017. 
^ "Anschutz Group Wins Recognition for Support Award Celebrates Valley of Chiefs Work". Rocky Mountain News. February 11, 2003. 
^ "Anschutz, Spitzer Settle, Then Fight". Forbes. May 14, 2003. 
^ Dead link at nydailynews.com, May 15, 2003.
^ WSJ Review and Outlook, May 15, 2003.
^ "Anschutz not named in lawsuit ... No indication action is pending". nl.newsbank.com. 
^ Dead link at rockymountainnews.com.
^ Whitehurst, Patrick (June 24, 2008). "New ownership for Xanterra, GC Railway". Williams News. Retrieved June 25, 2008. 
^ "Anschutz Buys Manitou & Pikes Peak". DRGW.Net. September 19, 2011. 
^ "Anschutz Says Luring NFL Team Is Priority After Ending AEG Sale". March 15, 2013 – via www.bloomberg.com. 
^ a b c d Sports Business Journal, Soccer’s visionary: Phil Anschutz, June 5, 2006, http://www.sportsbusinessdaily.com/Journal/Issues/2006/06/20060605/SBJ-In-Depth/Soccers-Visionary-Phil-Anschutz.aspx
^ Sports Business Journal, The 20 Most Influential People in Soccer, June 5, 2006, http://m.sportsbusinessdaily.com/Journal/Issues/2006/06/20060605/SBJ-In-Depth/The-20-Most-Influential-People-In-Soccer.aspx
^ "How Philip Anschutz Made Billions Seeing What Others Missed". The Motley Fool. July 20, 2015. 
^ SB Nation, The Two Sides of Phillip Anschutz: An American Soccer Savior With a Disturbing Social Agenda, November 10, 2011, http://www.dynamotheory.com/2011/11/10/2551015/the-two-sides-of-phillip-anschutz-houston-dynamo-la-galaxy-mls-cup-2011
^ TropiGol Sports, Anschutz saved MLS from extinction, September 19, 2012, http://www.tropigol.com/2012/09/19/anschutz-saved-mls-from-extinction/
^ December 10, 2012, Pages 20-22. "50 Most Influential: 2-10 - SportsBusiness Daily | SportsBusiness Journal | SportsBusiness Daily Global". SportsBusiness Daily. Retrieved April 8, 2017. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Philip Anschutz's Philanthropy page. Faces of Philanthropy, accessed December 23, 2010.
^ Forbes realtime list of billionaires, Forbes, accessed January 18, 2015.
^ Jonathan Last, "Pass It On", Philanthropy Roundtable, Fall 2009.
^ Clarity
^ Corcoran, Michael. "The Weekly Standard’s War: Murdoch sells the magazine that sold the Iraq invasion", Fairness and Accuracy in Reporting, September 2009.
^ Avery, Greg (November 30, 2012). "Anschutz buys Colorado Springs Gazette". Denver Business Journal. Retrieved November 30, 2012. 
^ "The Anschutz Co. buys Des Moines firm", Denver Business Journal, March 25, 2008, accessed March 10, 2011
^ a b "Power Company of Wyoming: Chokecherry and Sierra Madre Wind Energy Project". 
^ "Business Entity Detail - Wyoming Secretary of State". 
^ "Business Entity Detail - Wyoming Secretary of State". 
^ "BLM project map, accessed 2012/07/05". 
^ "BLM. Chokecherry & Sierra Madre Wind Energy Project Final EIS, Volume II, Chapter 1, page 4" (PDF). 
^ "Chokecherry and Sierra Madre project description pdf, accessed 2012/07/05". 
^ Clark, Justin, "Citizen Anschutz: How the conservative Christian head of Regal Cinemas is trying to change how you see movies", Nerve.com, March 23, 2006.
^ "Weekly Standard sold to Washington Examiner parent company", Washington Examiner, June 17, 2009.
^ Substance News, October 28, 2010 http://www.substancenews.net/articles.php?page=1746
^ Josh Eidelson, "Walmart, Right-Wing Media Company Hold Star-Studded Benefit Promoting Education Reform Film" In These Times, August 13, 2012, http://www.inthesetimes.com/working/entry/13643/walmart_anschutz_teachers_rock_wont_back_down_union_parent_trigger_viola_da/


External links[edit]

"The Man Behind the Curtain", Forbes, 2010-11-08.
"Philip Anschutz, Chairman and CEO, The Anschutz Corporation, Denver, CO", The Horatio Alger Association of Distinguished Americans.
Bruck, Connie, "The Man Who Owns LA", The New Yorker, January 16, 2012.
Philip Anschutz on IMDb








v
t
e


Current National Hockey League owners















Eastern Conference







Atlantic Division
Metropolitan Division






Jeremy Jacobs (Boston Bruins)
Terrence Pegula (Buffalo Sabres)
Ilitch Holdings (Detroit Red Wings)
Vincent Viola (Florida Panthers)
Molson family (Montreal Canadiens)
Eugene Melnyk (Ottawa Senators)
Jeffrey Vinik (Tampa Bay Lightning)
Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment (Toronto Maple Leafs)








Peter Karmanos Jr. (Carolina Hurricanes)
John P. McConnell (Columbus Blue Jackets)
Joshua Harris (New Jersey Devils)
Jon Ledecky and Scott D. Malkin (New York Islanders)
The Madison Square Garden Company (New York Rangers)
Comcast Spectacor (Philadelphia Flyers)
Mario Lemieux and Ronald Burkle (Pittsburgh Penguins)
Ted Leonsis (Washington Capitals)


















Western Conference







Central Division
Pacific Division






Rocky Wirtz (Chicago Blackhawks)
Ann Walton Kroenke (Colorado Avalanche)
Tom Gaglardi (Dallas Stars)
Craig Leipold (Minnesota Wild)
Predators Holdings LLC (Nashville Predators)
SLB Acquisition Holdings LLC (St. Louis Blues)
True North Sports & Entertainment (Winnipeg Jets)








Henry Samueli (Anaheim Ducks)
Andrew Barroway (Arizona Coyotes)
Calgary Sports and Entertainment (Calgary Flames)
Oilers Entertainment Group (Edmonton Oilers)
Anschutz Entertainment Group (Los Angeles Kings)
San Jose Sports & Entertainment (San Jose Sharks)
Canucks Sports & Entertainment (Vancouver Canucks)
Black Knight Sports & Entertainment (Vegas Golden Knights)




















v
t
e


Los Angeles Kings






Founded in 1967
Based in Los Angeles, California





Franchise



Team
General managers
Coaches
Players
Captains
Draft picks (Expansion draft)
Seasons
Current season





History



History
1967 expansion
Records
Award winners
Retired numbers





Personnel



Owners
Philip Anschutz
Edward P. Roski
General manager
Rob Blake
Head coach
John Stevens
Team captain
Anze Kopitar
Current roster





Arenas



Long Beach Arena
Los Angeles Memorial Sports Arena
The Forum
Staples Center





Rivalries



Anaheim Ducks





Affiliates



AHL
Ontario Reign
ECHL
Manchester Monarchs





Media



Broadcasters
TV: FSN West/Prime Ticket
Radio: KABC (790 AM)





Culture and lore



I Love L.A.
Bailey
Frozen Fury
Miracle on Manchester
1991 Las Vegas outdoor game
Garnet Bailey and Mark Bavis
The Love Guru
2011 NHL Premiere
2014 NHL Stadium Series
2015 NHL Stadium Series









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 21999168
LCCN: nr91027329
ISNI: 0000 0000 5088 5979
GND: 122719832










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Philip_Anschutz&oldid=790712417"					
Categories: American business executivesAmerican investors1939 birthsLiving peopleAnschutz CorporationAmerican billionairesAmerican energy industry businesspeopleAmerican entertainment industry businesspeopleAmerican newspaper publishers (people)American philanthropistsAmerican PresbyteriansAmerican people of German descentAmerican railway entrepreneursAmerican real estate businesspeopleAmerican soccer chairmen and investorsAmerican stock tradersChicago Fire Soccer ClubColorado Rapids ownersColorado RepublicansHouston DynamoLos Angeles Kings ownersLos Angeles Lakers ownersMajor League Soccer executivesNew York Red BullsNational Soccer Hall of Fame membersPeople from Russell, KansasThe San Francisco Examiner peopleSan Jose EarthquakesSouthern Pacific Railroad peopleUniversity of Kansas alumniWomen's National Basketball Association executivesAmerican railroadersStanley Cup championsPeople from Wichita, KansasPeople from Hays, KansasHidden categories: CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listUse mdy dates from April 2017Pages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2011Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어ItalianoSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 15 July 2017, at 16:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.























Philip Anschutz - Wikipedia





















 






Philip Anschutz

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Philip Anschutz


Born
Philip Frederick Anschutz
(1939-12-28) December 28, 1939 (age 77)
Russell, Kansas, U.S.


Residence
Denver, Colorado, U.S.


Nationality
American


Alma mater
University of Kansas


Occupation
Businessman


Net worth
US$12.5 billion (March 2017)[1]


Spouse(s)
Nancy Anschutz


Children
3


Philip Frederick Anschutz (/ˈænʃuːts/ AN-shoots; born December 28, 1939) is an American entrepreneur. Anschutz bought out his father's drilling company, Circle A Drilling, in 1961 and earned large returns in Wyoming. He has invested in stocks, real estate and railroads. He then began investing in entertainment companies, co-founding Major League Soccer as well as multiple teams, including the Los Angeles Galaxy, Chicago Fire, Houston Dynamo, San Jose Earthquakes, and the New York/New Jersey MetroStars. Anschutz owns stakes in the Los Angeles Lakers, Los Angeles Kings, and venues including the Staples Center, The O2, London, and the StubHub Center. Anschutz also invests in family films such as The Chronicles of Narnia, Ray, Joshua and the financial flop, Sahara. Forbes ranks him the 38th richest person in the U.S. with an estimated net worth of $12.5 billion as of March 2017.



Contents


1 Life and career

1.1 Land ownership
1.2 Rail and petroleum businesses
1.3 Entertainment - Anschutz Entertainment Group
1.4 Soccer
1.5 Other sports
1.6 Philanthropy
1.7 Other business ventures
1.8 Political and religious activism


2 References
3 External links



Life and career[edit]
Anschutz was born in Russell, Kansas, the son of Marian (née Pfister) and Frederick Benjamin Anschutz.[2][3] He has one older sister, Sue Anschutz-Rodgers, who became a Colorado rancher and philanthropist.[4][5] His father was an oil tycoon and land investor who invested in ranches in Colorado, Utah and Wyoming, and eventually went into the oil-drilling business. Carl Anschutz,[6] Anschutz's grandfather, an ethnic German who emigrated from Russia, started the Farmers State Bank in Russell, Kansas. Anschutz grew up in Russell, Wichita, and Hays, Kansas, where he lived near Bob Dole. In later years, Anschutz contributed to Dole's political campaigns. He graduated from Wichita High School East in 1957, and graduated with a bachelor's degree in business from the University of Kansas in 1961 where he was a member of the Sigma Chi Fraternity.[7] His first cousin was the fellow Russell native and long-time news anchor Wendall Anschutz.[8] A member of the Evangelical Presbyterian Church, he is a conservative Christian.[7][9] He and his wife Nancy, whom he met when he was 16, have three children. Anschutz was inducted into the Kansas Business Hall of Fame in 2000[10] and the U.S. Business Hall of Fame in 2002.[11]
Anschutz is a somewhat reclusive man who prefers to stay out of the limelight. He has granted only three formal interviews since 1979, and none at all from the 1980s until 2015.[12][13] On December 6, 2015, Anschutz broke his media silence when he appeared with several of the founders of Major League Soccer to reflect on the league's 20th anniversary.[14]
Land ownership[edit]
In 1970, Anschutz bought the 250,000-acre (1,000 km²) Baughman Farms, one of the country's largest farming corporations, in Liberal, Kansas, for $10 million. The following year, he acquired 9 million acres (36,000 km²) along the Utah-Wyoming border. This produced his first fortune in the oil business.[15] In the early 1980s, the Anschutz Ranch, with its 1 billion barrel (160,000,000 m³) oil pocket, became the largest oil field discovery in the United States since Prudhoe Bay in Alaska in 1968. He sold an interest in it to Mobil Oil for $500 million in 1982.
For several years, Anschutz was Colorado's sole billionaire. With his acquisition of land in other Western states, he is one of the 100 largest landholders in the United States.[16][17]
Anschutz then moved into railroads and telecommunications before venturing into the entertainment industry. In 1999, Fortune magazine compared him to the nineteenth-century tycoon J.P. Morgan, as both men "struck it rich in a fundamentally different way: they operated across an astounding array of industries, mastering and reshaping entire economic landscapes."
Rail and petroleum businesses[edit]
In 1984, he entered the railroad business by purchasing the Rio Grande Railroad's holding company, Rio Grande Industries. Four years later in 1988, the Rio Grande railroad purchased the Southern Pacific Railroad under his direction. With the merger of the Southern Pacific and Union Pacific Corporation in September 1996, Anschutz became Vice-Chairman of Union Pacific. Prior to the merger, he was a director of Southern Pacific from June 1988 to September 1996, and non-executive chairman of Southern Pacific from 1993 to September 1996. He was also a director of Forest Oil Corporation beginning in 1995. In November 1993 he became Director and Chairman of the Board of Qwest, stepping down as a nonexecutive co-chairman in 2002 but remaining on the board. He has also been a director for Pacific Energy Partners and served on the boards of the American Petroleum Institute, in Washington, D.C. and the National Petroleum Council in Washington, D.C.
In May 2001, the Bush administration upheld Anschutz's right to drill an exploratory oil well at Weatherman Draw in south-central Montana where Native American tribes wanted to preserve sacred rock drawings. Environmental groups, preservationists, and ten Native American tribes had appealed the decision without success. In April 2002, the Anschutz Exploration Corporation gave up its plans to drill for oil in the area. They donated its leases for oil and gas rights to the National Trust for Historic Preservation, which has pledged to let the leases expire, and the Bureau of Land Management said it had no plans to permit further leases there and would consider formal withdrawal of the 4,268 acre (17 km²) site from mineral leasing in its 2004 management plan. In recognition of its preservation efforts, The National Trust for Historic Preservation presented its President's Award to the Anschutz Exploration Corporation[18]
In May 2003, New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer reached a settlement with Anschutz after the AG filed a civil complaint accusing Anschutz of accepting IPO shares from Salomon Smith Barney in exchange for Qwest's investment banking business. Anschutz denied any wrongdoing but volunteered to donate a total of $4.4 million to settle the case as long as he selected the recipient organizations in advance.[19] Anschutz paid $100,000 to each of 32 New York nonprofit philanthropic groups, as well as $200,000 to each of six law schools. In return, Spitzer dropped his civil suit.[20] The payment was roughly equal to his profit from the practice of IPO "spinning"; thus, he actually suffered no penalty. The suit by Spitzer was panned in a Wall Street Journal editorial headlined, "The Anschutz Ransom".[21] The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the U.S. Department of Justice extensively investigated Qwest officials and determined there was no justification for taking action against any board member. The Denver Post summarized the implications for Anschutz: "Not only is Qwest founder and board member Philip Anschutz not a defendant in the long-awaited civil case against the regime of former Qwest chief executive Joe Nacchio, he doesn't even merit a mention in the 50-page complaint."[22]
In February 2006, the Denver Rocky Mountain News reported that Anschutz would not stand for re-election to the boards of Qwest and Union Pacific and would resign from the board of Regal Entertainment Group so he could focus on his other investments.[23]
On June 24, 2008, it was announced that Anschutz would buy Xanterra Parks and Resorts, which had purchased the Grand Canyon Railway in 2007.[24] In 2011, it was announced that Anschutz purchased the Oklahoma Publishing Company, and as part of their assets the Broadmoor and the Manitou and Pike's Peak Railway in Colorado Springs.[25]
Effective August 1, 2010, Xanterra Parks and Resorts purchased and assumed management of Kingsmill Resort. Xanterra purchased the resort from Busch Properties, Inc. (BPI).
Entertainment - Anschutz Entertainment Group[edit]
Main article: Anschutz Entertainment Group
The Anschutz Entertainment Group (AEG) is a sporting and music entertainment presenter and a subsidiary of The Anschutz Corporation. It is the owner of entertainment venues and under AEG Live the world's second largest presenter of live music and entertainment events after Live Nation.
On September 18, 2012, Anschutz announced he was putting AEG up for sale but decided not to accept[13] any of the bids, and on March 14 he took AEG off the market.[26]
Soccer[edit]
Anschutz is one of only four recipients of the National Soccer Hall of Fame's Medal of Honor for his contributions to growing the sport of soccer in the United States.[27] Sports Business Journal ranked Anschutz in 2006 as the #1 most influential person in soccer in the U.S.[28] Anschutz was one of the founders of Major League Soccer as well as multiple teams, including the Los Angeles Galaxy, Chicago Fire, Colorado Rapids, Houston Dynamo, San Jose Earthquakes, D.C. United, and the New York/New Jersey MetroStars.[29] He owns a stake in the StubHub Center, the stadium for the MLS team LA Galaxy and former MLS team Chivas USA. For some time, while MLS was struggling, Anschutz owned six MLS franchises and experienced significant financial losses. For this reason, Anschutz has been called the man who saved MLS.[30][31] MLS Commissioner Don Garber stated in 2006 that "without Phil Anschutz, there's no MLS today."[27]
Anschutz was instrumental in several MLS initiatives that have grown the league's revenues and profits. For example, Anschutz pushed for the building of soccer-specific stadiums, allowing MLS teams to increase revenue and better control costs.[27] Anschutz also advocated for MLS' creation of Soccer United Marketing, the league's sales and marketing arm.[27] Anschutz has since sold his stake in the Chicago, Denver, Houston, New York, San Jose and D.C. MLS teams and currently only owns the Galaxy.
Other sports[edit]
The SportsBusiness Journal named Anschutz the fifth most influential person in sports business in 2012 in its annual survey of the "50 Most Influential People in Sports Business."[32] Anschutz owns stakes in the Los Angeles Lakers and Los Angeles Kings and venues including the Staples Center and O2 Arena. AEG is the world's largest owner of sports teams, sports events, and sports venues.
Philanthropy[edit]
One of the world's wealthiest individuals, Anschutz has been an active philanthropist.[33] He was listed as #113 on the Forbes list of billionaires in January 2015, with a net worth of $10.3 billion.[34] He heads the Anschutz Foundation.
Anschutz and his wife have contributed over $100,000,000 to the new medical, dental, nursing, and pharmacy campus of the University of Colorado School of Medicine in Aurora, Colorado, which is now named the Anschutz Medical Campus in their honor. The land came from the recently closed Fitzsimons Army Medical Center, but millions were needed for the construction of new medical laboratory buildings and a new University Hospital on the land.
They have also donated to the University of Kansas, their alma mater. There is an Anschutz Library and Anschutz Sports Pavilion named in honor of their contributions.
In recognition of their philanthropic efforts, the Anschutzes were named the winners of the 2009 William E. Simon Prize for Philanthropic Leadership.[35]
Other business ventures[edit]
Anschutz had multiple other business ventures, including Forest Oil, Pacific Energy Group, Union Pacific Railroad (Anschutz is the company's largest shareholder, with a 6% stake), the Regal Entertainment Group, which is the largest movie theater chain in the world, with approximately 7,000 screens - Anschutz owns more than half of the company, and multiple newspapers and media groups. Anschutz has invested in, for example, the Clarity Media Group, a Denver-based publishing group that includes[36] newspapers like The Oklahoman, the largest newspaper in Oklahoma, the San Francisco Daily (purchased in 2004, sold in November 2011), the Washington Daily, which was spun off from a number of D.C. area suburban dailies, the Baltimore Daily, which launched in April 2006 and was shut down in early 2009, .com, a hyper-local web portal where citizen journalists write on local topics from news to blog-like stories, the Weekly Standard (purchased in 2009),[37] and The Gazette, the second-largest newspaper in Colorado with a daily circulation of 74,172 (purchased on November 30, 2012)[38] (Anschutz has trademarked the name "Examiner" in more than sixty cities.) Anschutz invested in both the Oil & Gas Asset Clearinghouse, which is an auction company designed for the Oil & Gas Business, and NRC Broadcasting, which owns a string of radio stations in Colorado. The Anschutz Investment Company also purchased LightEdge Solutions in February 2008. LightEdge is a business-to-business hosted services provider focused on Wide-Area-Networking, Voice-over-IP, Hosted Microsoft applications (Exchange, OCS, SharePoint), hosted servers/storage collocation cage and rackspace and Business Continuity Services.[39]
It was announced on September 15, 2011, that Anschutz would be acquiring all assets of the Oklahoma Publishing Company (OPUBCO) from the Gaylord and Dickinson families. Upon closing, Anschutz would operate OPUBCO separately from all his other publishing and media assets as its own independent company. Closing was expected in October 2011. In March 2012, it was reported that Anschutz was interested in buying the Rangers. He also invested in the Power Company of Wyoming LLC,[40] formed in 2007[41] (re-incorporated in 2010)[42]) for the purpose of building the Chokecherry and Sierra Madre wind power complex in Carbon County, Wyoming, comprising up to 1,000 wind turbines with up to 3,000 megawatts of capacity.[40] It will be sited on 229,077 acres, about half federal, about half privately owned by an affiliate, and a smattering of state lands.[43][44] According to the Bureau of Land Management, which on July 2, 2012, announced completion of the project's final Environmental Impact Statement, "Chokecherry and Sierra Madre are two distinct sites approximately five miles apart which are both being analyzed together. When combined, they comprise the largest commercial wind generation facility proposed in the U.S. and one of the largest in the world." Construction is expected to start in 2013, and cost an estimated $4 billion-$6 billion."[45]
Political and religious activism[edit]
Anschutz supported the Parents Television Council, a group that protests against television indecency.[46] He also financed and distributed films with Christian themes for mass audiences (through his two film production companies and ownership of much of the Regal, Edwards and United Artists theater chains) such as Amazing Grace and The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.[citation needed] He financed The Foundation for a Better Life. In 2009 Anschutz purchased the conservative American opinion magazine The Weekly Standard from Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation.[47] Anschutz and fellow board members of the American Petroleum Institute in Washington are credited by Bush's energy secretary for the Oval Office decision in 2001 to stand with the 95-0 vote in the U.S. Senate four years earlier against bringing ratification of the Kyoto Protocol to the floor for consideration. In 2010, he financed the pro-charter school film, Waiting for Superman.[48] In 2012, he financed the pro-parent trigger film, Won't Back Down.[49]
References[edit]


^ Forbes: The World's billionaires - Philip Anschutz September 2014
^ "chemistrydaily Resources and Information". Chemistrydaily.com. Retrieved April 8, 2017. 
^ "Denver Post: Archive Results". 
^ Lutz, Catherine (April 2, 2012). "The Aspen 50 – Forbes billionaires in Pitkin County". Aspen Business Journal. Retrieved January 12, 2017. 
^ "Sue Anschutz-Rodgers". Colorado Women's Hall of Fame. 2016. Retrieved January 12, 2017. 
^ A Standard History of Kansas and Kansans, by William E. Connelley Accessed March 2013.
^ a b Contemporary Honors Award Recipient Philip Anschutz, Kansas Business Hall of Fame, February 2000
^ Gilpin, Kenneth N. (October 4, 1984). "BUSINESS PEOPLE – BUSINESS PEOPLE – Anschutz Founder Shuns Limelight". The New York Times. Retrieved April 1, 2011. 
^ "Philip Anschutz: The Westerner" The Independent, July 8, 2006. Retrieved from Internet Archive June 30, 2016
^ "Contemporary Honors Award Recipient 2000 - School of Business | Emporia State University". www.emporia.edu. Retrieved December 7, 2015. 
^ "Junior Achievement U.S. Business Hall of Fame". 
^ Gordon, Philip. "Phil Anschutz's conservative agenda". Politico. Retrieved April 8, 2017. 
^ a b Markazi, Arash. Potential AEG sale raises questions. ESPN, September 18, 2012.
^ MLS founders reflect on 20 years of Major League Soccer. Major League Soccer, December 6, 2015.
^ "The real king of the Los Angeles Kings: mystery billionaire Philip Anschutz". June 12, 2012. 
^ O'Reilly, Brian (September 6, 1999). "Billionaire Next Door Philip Anschutz may be the richest American you've never heard of. But this in many ways ordinary guy is an extraordinary businessman, as we learned when we went hunting for the elusive". CNN. Retrieved May 22, 2010. 
^ "Land Report 100 – Largest Landowners In The U.S.". The Land Report. Retrieved April 8, 2017. 
^ "Anschutz Group Wins Recognition for Support Award Celebrates Valley of Chiefs Work". Rocky Mountain News. February 11, 2003. 
^ "Anschutz, Spitzer Settle, Then Fight". Forbes. May 14, 2003. 
^ Dead link at nydailynews.com, May 15, 2003.
^ WSJ Review and Outlook, May 15, 2003.
^ "Anschutz not named in lawsuit ... No indication action is pending". nl.newsbank.com. 
^ Dead link at rockymountainnews.com.
^ Whitehurst, Patrick (June 24, 2008). "New ownership for Xanterra, GC Railway". Williams News. Retrieved June 25, 2008. 
^ "Anschutz Buys Manitou & Pikes Peak". DRGW.Net. September 19, 2011. 
^ "Anschutz Says Luring NFL Team Is Priority After Ending AEG Sale". March 15, 2013 – via www.bloomberg.com. 
^ a b c d Sports Business Journal, Soccer’s visionary: Phil Anschutz, June 5, 2006, http://www.sportsbusinessdaily.com/Journal/Issues/2006/06/20060605/SBJ-In-Depth/Soccers-Visionary-Phil-Anschutz.aspx
^ Sports Business Journal, The 20 Most Influential People in Soccer, June 5, 2006, http://m.sportsbusinessdaily.com/Journal/Issues/2006/06/20060605/SBJ-In-Depth/The-20-Most-Influential-People-In-Soccer.aspx
^ "How Philip Anschutz Made Billions Seeing What Others Missed". The Motley Fool. July 20, 2015. 
^ SB Nation, The Two Sides of Phillip Anschutz: An American Soccer Savior With a Disturbing Social Agenda, November 10, 2011, http://www.dynamotheory.com/2011/11/10/2551015/the-two-sides-of-phillip-anschutz-houston-dynamo-la-galaxy-mls-cup-2011
^ TropiGol Sports, Anschutz saved MLS from extinction, September 19, 2012, http://www.tropigol.com/2012/09/19/anschutz-saved-mls-from-extinction/
^ December 10, 2012, Pages 20-22. "50 Most Influential: 2-10 - SportsBusiness Daily | SportsBusiness Journal | SportsBusiness Daily Global". SportsBusiness Daily. Retrieved April 8, 2017. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Philip Anschutz's Philanthropy page. Faces of Philanthropy, accessed December 23, 2010.
^ Forbes realtime list of billionaires, Forbes, accessed January 18, 2015.
^ Jonathan Last, "Pass It On", Philanthropy Roundtable, Fall 2009.
^ Clarity
^ Corcoran, Michael. "The Weekly Standard’s War: Murdoch sells the magazine that sold the Iraq invasion", Fairness and Accuracy in Reporting, September 2009.
^ Avery, Greg (November 30, 2012). "Anschutz buys Colorado Springs Gazette". Denver Business Journal. Retrieved November 30, 2012. 
^ "The Anschutz Co. buys Des Moines firm", Denver Business Journal, March 25, 2008, accessed March 10, 2011
^ a b "Power Company of Wyoming: Chokecherry and Sierra Madre Wind Energy Project". 
^ "Business Entity Detail - Wyoming Secretary of State". 
^ "Business Entity Detail - Wyoming Secretary of State". 
^ "BLM project map, accessed 2012/07/05". 
^ "BLM. Chokecherry & Sierra Madre Wind Energy Project Final EIS, Volume II, Chapter 1, page 4" (PDF). 
^ "Chokecherry and Sierra Madre project description pdf, accessed 2012/07/05". 
^ Clark, Justin, "Citizen Anschutz: How the conservative Christian head of Regal Cinemas is trying to change how you see movies", Nerve.com, March 23, 2006.
^ "Weekly Standard sold to Washington Examiner parent company", Washington Examiner, June 17, 2009.
^ Substance News, October 28, 2010 http://www.substancenews.net/articles.php?page=1746
^ Josh Eidelson, "Walmart, Right-Wing Media Company Hold Star-Studded Benefit Promoting Education Reform Film" In These Times, August 13, 2012, http://www.inthesetimes.com/working/entry/13643/walmart_anschutz_teachers_rock_wont_back_down_union_parent_trigger_viola_da/


External links[edit]

"The Man Behind the Curtain", Forbes, 2010-11-08.
"Philip Anschutz, Chairman and CEO, The Anschutz Corporation, Denver, CO", The Horatio Alger Association of Distinguished Americans.
Bruck, Connie, "The Man Who Owns LA", The New Yorker, January 16, 2012.
Philip Anschutz on IMDb








v
t
e


Current National Hockey League owners















Eastern Conference







Atlantic Division
Metropolitan Division






Jeremy Jacobs (Boston Bruins)
Terrence Pegula (Buffalo Sabres)
Ilitch Holdings (Detroit Red Wings)
Vincent Viola (Florida Panthers)
Molson family (Montreal Canadiens)
Eugene Melnyk (Ottawa Senators)
Jeffrey Vinik (Tampa Bay Lightning)
Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment (Toronto Maple Leafs)








Peter Karmanos Jr. (Carolina Hurricanes)
John P. McConnell (Columbus Blue Jackets)
Joshua Harris (New Jersey Devils)
Jon Ledecky and Scott D. Malkin (New York Islanders)
The Madison Square Garden Company (New York Rangers)
Comcast Spectacor (Philadelphia Flyers)
Mario Lemieux and Ronald Burkle (Pittsburgh Penguins)
Ted Leonsis (Washington Capitals)


















Western Conference







Central Division
Pacific Division






Rocky Wirtz (Chicago Blackhawks)
Ann Walton Kroenke (Colorado Avalanche)
Tom Gaglardi (Dallas Stars)
Craig Leipold (Minnesota Wild)
Predators Holdings LLC (Nashville Predators)
SLB Acquisition Holdings LLC (St. Louis Blues)
True North Sports & Entertainment (Winnipeg Jets)








Henry Samueli (Anaheim Ducks)
Andrew Barroway (Arizona Coyotes)
Calgary Sports and Entertainment (Calgary Flames)
Oilers Entertainment Group (Edmonton Oilers)
Anschutz Entertainment Group (Los Angeles Kings)
San Jose Sports & Entertainment (San Jose Sharks)
Canucks Sports & Entertainment (Vancouver Canucks)
Black Knight Sports & Entertainment (Vegas Golden Knights)




















v
t
e


Los Angeles Kings






Founded in 1967
Based in Los Angeles, California





Franchise



Team
General managers
Coaches
Players
Captains
Draft picks (Expansion draft)
Seasons
Current season





History



History
1967 expansion
Records
Award winners
Retired numbers





Personnel



Owners
Philip Anschutz
Edward P. Roski
General manager
Rob Blake
Head coach
John Stevens
Team captain
Anze Kopitar
Current roster





Arenas



Long Beach Arena
Los Angeles Memorial Sports Arena
The Forum
Staples Center





Rivalries



Anaheim Ducks





Affiliates



AHL
Ontario Reign
ECHL
Manchester Monarchs





Media



Broadcasters
TV: FSN West/Prime Ticket
Radio: KABC (790 AM)





Culture and lore



I Love L.A.
Bailey
Frozen Fury
Miracle on Manchester
1991 Las Vegas outdoor game
Garnet Bailey and Mark Bavis
The Love Guru
2011 NHL Premiere
2014 NHL Stadium Series
2015 NHL Stadium Series









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 21999168
LCCN: nr91027329
ISNI: 0000 0000 5088 5979
GND: 122719832










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Philip_Anschutz&oldid=790712417"					
Categories: American business executivesAmerican investors1939 birthsLiving peopleAnschutz CorporationAmerican billionairesAmerican energy industry businesspeopleAmerican entertainment industry businesspeopleAmerican newspaper publishers (people)American philanthropistsAmerican PresbyteriansAmerican people of German descentAmerican railway entrepreneursAmerican real estate businesspeopleAmerican soccer chairmen and investorsAmerican stock tradersChicago Fire Soccer ClubColorado Rapids ownersColorado RepublicansHouston DynamoLos Angeles Kings ownersLos Angeles Lakers ownersMajor League Soccer executivesNew York Red BullsNational Soccer Hall of Fame membersPeople from Russell, KansasThe San Francisco Examiner peopleSan Jose EarthquakesSouthern Pacific Railroad peopleUniversity of Kansas alumniWomen's National Basketball Association executivesAmerican railroadersStanley Cup championsPeople from Wichita, KansasPeople from Hays, KansasHidden categories: CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listUse mdy dates from April 2017Pages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2011Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어ItalianoSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 15 July 2017, at 16:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 











Philip Anschutz - Wikipedia





















 






Philip Anschutz

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search



Philip Anschutz


Born
Philip Frederick Anschutz
(1939-12-28) December 28, 1939 (age 77)
Russell, Kansas, U.S.


Residence
Denver, Colorado, U.S.


Nationality
American


Alma mater
University of Kansas


Occupation
Businessman


Net worth
US$12.5 billion (March 2017)[1]


Spouse(s)
Nancy Anschutz


Children
3


Philip Frederick Anschutz (/ˈænʃuːts/ AN-shoots; born December 28, 1939) is an American entrepreneur. Anschutz bought out his father's drilling company, Circle A Drilling, in 1961 and earned large returns in Wyoming. He has invested in stocks, real estate and railroads. He then began investing in entertainment companies, co-founding Major League Soccer as well as multiple teams, including the Los Angeles Galaxy, Chicago Fire, Houston Dynamo, San Jose Earthquakes, and the New York/New Jersey MetroStars. Anschutz owns stakes in the Los Angeles Lakers, Los Angeles Kings, and venues including the Staples Center, The O2, London, and the StubHub Center. Anschutz also invests in family films such as The Chronicles of Narnia, Ray, Joshua and the financial flop, Sahara. Forbes ranks him the 38th richest person in the U.S. with an estimated net worth of $12.5 billion as of March 2017.



Contents


1 Life and career

1.1 Land ownership
1.2 Rail and petroleum businesses
1.3 Entertainment - Anschutz Entertainment Group
1.4 Soccer
1.5 Other sports
1.6 Philanthropy
1.7 Other business ventures
1.8 Political and religious activism


2 References
3 External links



Life and career[edit]
Anschutz was born in Russell, Kansas, the son of Marian (née Pfister) and Frederick Benjamin Anschutz.[2][3] He has one older sister, Sue Anschutz-Rodgers, who became a Colorado rancher and philanthropist.[4][5] His father was an oil tycoon and land investor who invested in ranches in Colorado, Utah and Wyoming, and eventually went into the oil-drilling business. Carl Anschutz,[6] Anschutz's grandfather, an ethnic German who emigrated from Russia, started the Farmers State Bank in Russell, Kansas. Anschutz grew up in Russell, Wichita, and Hays, Kansas, where he lived near Bob Dole. In later years, Anschutz contributed to Dole's political campaigns. He graduated from Wichita High School East in 1957, and graduated with a bachelor's degree in business from the University of Kansas in 1961 where he was a member of the Sigma Chi Fraternity.[7] His first cousin was the fellow Russell native and long-time news anchor Wendall Anschutz.[8] A member of the Evangelical Presbyterian Church, he is a conservative Christian.[7][9] He and his wife Nancy, whom he met when he was 16, have three children. Anschutz was inducted into the Kansas Business Hall of Fame in 2000[10] and the U.S. Business Hall of Fame in 2002.[11]
Anschutz is a somewhat reclusive man who prefers to stay out of the limelight. He has granted only three formal interviews since 1979, and none at all from the 1980s until 2015.[12][13] On December 6, 2015, Anschutz broke his media silence when he appeared with several of the founders of Major League Soccer to reflect on the league's 20th anniversary.[14]
Land ownership[edit]
In 1970, Anschutz bought the 250,000-acre (1,000 km²) Baughman Farms, one of the country's largest farming corporations, in Liberal, Kansas, for $10 million. The following year, he acquired 9 million acres (36,000 km²) along the Utah-Wyoming border. This produced his first fortune in the oil business.[15] In the early 1980s, the Anschutz Ranch, with its 1 billion barrel (160,000,000 m³) oil pocket, became the largest oil field discovery in the United States since Prudhoe Bay in Alaska in 1968. He sold an interest in it to Mobil Oil for $500 million in 1982.
For several years, Anschutz was Colorado's sole billionaire. With his acquisition of land in other Western states, he is one of the 100 largest landholders in the United States.[16][17]
Anschutz then moved into railroads and telecommunications before venturing into the entertainment industry. In 1999, Fortune magazine compared him to the nineteenth-century tycoon J.P. Morgan, as both men "struck it rich in a fundamentally different way: they operated across an astounding array of industries, mastering and reshaping entire economic landscapes."
Rail and petroleum businesses[edit]
In 1984, he entered the railroad business by purchasing the Rio Grande Railroad's holding company, Rio Grande Industries. Four years later in 1988, the Rio Grande railroad purchased the Southern Pacific Railroad under his direction. With the merger of the Southern Pacific and Union Pacific Corporation in September 1996, Anschutz became Vice-Chairman of Union Pacific. Prior to the merger, he was a director of Southern Pacific from June 1988 to September 1996, and non-executive chairman of Southern Pacific from 1993 to September 1996. He was also a director of Forest Oil Corporation beginning in 1995. In November 1993 he became Director and Chairman of the Board of Qwest, stepping down as a nonexecutive co-chairman in 2002 but remaining on the board. He has also been a director for Pacific Energy Partners and served on the boards of the American Petroleum Institute, in Washington, D.C. and the National Petroleum Council in Washington, D.C.
In May 2001, the Bush administration upheld Anschutz's right to drill an exploratory oil well at Weatherman Draw in south-central Montana where Native American tribes wanted to preserve sacred rock drawings. Environmental groups, preservationists, and ten Native American tribes had appealed the decision without success. In April 2002, the Anschutz Exploration Corporation gave up its plans to drill for oil in the area. They donated its leases for oil and gas rights to the National Trust for Historic Preservation, which has pledged to let the leases expire, and the Bureau of Land Management said it had no plans to permit further leases there and would consider formal withdrawal of the 4,268 acre (17 km²) site from mineral leasing in its 2004 management plan. In recognition of its preservation efforts, The National Trust for Historic Preservation presented its President's Award to the Anschutz Exploration Corporation[18]
In May 2003, New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer reached a settlement with Anschutz after the AG filed a civil complaint accusing Anschutz of accepting IPO shares from Salomon Smith Barney in exchange for Qwest's investment banking business. Anschutz denied any wrongdoing but volunteered to donate a total of $4.4 million to settle the case as long as he selected the recipient organizations in advance.[19] Anschutz paid $100,000 to each of 32 New York nonprofit philanthropic groups, as well as $200,000 to each of six law schools. In return, Spitzer dropped his civil suit.[20] The payment was roughly equal to his profit from the practice of IPO "spinning"; thus, he actually suffered no penalty. The suit by Spitzer was panned in a Wall Street Journal editorial headlined, "The Anschutz Ransom".[21] The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the U.S. Department of Justice extensively investigated Qwest officials and determined there was no justification for taking action against any board member. The Denver Post summarized the implications for Anschutz: "Not only is Qwest founder and board member Philip Anschutz not a defendant in the long-awaited civil case against the regime of former Qwest chief executive Joe Nacchio, he doesn't even merit a mention in the 50-page complaint."[22]
In February 2006, the Denver Rocky Mountain News reported that Anschutz would not stand for re-election to the boards of Qwest and Union Pacific and would resign from the board of Regal Entertainment Group so he could focus on his other investments.[23]
On June 24, 2008, it was announced that Anschutz would buy Xanterra Parks and Resorts, which had purchased the Grand Canyon Railway in 2007.[24] In 2011, it was announced that Anschutz purchased the Oklahoma Publishing Company, and as part of their assets the Broadmoor and the Manitou and Pike's Peak Railway in Colorado Springs.[25]
Effective August 1, 2010, Xanterra Parks and Resorts purchased and assumed management of Kingsmill Resort. Xanterra purchased the resort from Busch Properties, Inc. (BPI).
Entertainment - Anschutz Entertainment Group[edit]
Main article: Anschutz Entertainment Group
The Anschutz Entertainment Group (AEG) is a sporting and music entertainment presenter and a subsidiary of The Anschutz Corporation. It is the owner of entertainment venues and under AEG Live the world's second largest presenter of live music and entertainment events after Live Nation.
On September 18, 2012, Anschutz announced he was putting AEG up for sale but decided not to accept[13] any of the bids, and on March 14 he took AEG off the market.[26]
Soccer[edit]
Anschutz is one of only four recipients of the National Soccer Hall of Fame's Medal of Honor for his contributions to growing the sport of soccer in the United States.[27] Sports Business Journal ranked Anschutz in 2006 as the #1 most influential person in soccer in the U.S.[28] Anschutz was one of the founders of Major League Soccer as well as multiple teams, including the Los Angeles Galaxy, Chicago Fire, Colorado Rapids, Houston Dynamo, San Jose Earthquakes, D.C. United, and the New York/New Jersey MetroStars.[29] He owns a stake in the StubHub Center, the stadium for the MLS team LA Galaxy and former MLS team Chivas USA. For some time, while MLS was struggling, Anschutz owned six MLS franchises and experienced significant financial losses. For this reason, Anschutz has been called the man who saved MLS.[30][31] MLS Commissioner Don Garber stated in 2006 that "without Phil Anschutz, there's no MLS today."[27]
Anschutz was instrumental in several MLS initiatives that have grown the league's revenues and profits. For example, Anschutz pushed for the building of soccer-specific stadiums, allowing MLS teams to increase revenue and better control costs.[27] Anschutz also advocated for MLS' creation of Soccer United Marketing, the league's sales and marketing arm.[27] Anschutz has since sold his stake in the Chicago, Denver, Houston, New York, San Jose and D.C. MLS teams and currently only owns the Galaxy.
Other sports[edit]
The SportsBusiness Journal named Anschutz the fifth most influential person in sports business in 2012 in its annual survey of the "50 Most Influential People in Sports Business."[32] Anschutz owns stakes in the Los Angeles Lakers and Los Angeles Kings and venues including the Staples Center and O2 Arena. AEG is the world's largest owner of sports teams, sports events, and sports venues.
Philanthropy[edit]
One of the world's wealthiest individuals, Anschutz has been an active philanthropist.[33] He was listed as #113 on the Forbes list of billionaires in January 2015, with a net worth of $10.3 billion.[34] He heads the Anschutz Foundation.
Anschutz and his wife have contributed over $100,000,000 to the new medical, dental, nursing, and pharmacy campus of the University of Colorado School of Medicine in Aurora, Colorado, which is now named the Anschutz Medical Campus in their honor. The land came from the recently closed Fitzsimons Army Medical Center, but millions were needed for the construction of new medical laboratory buildings and a new University Hospital on the land.
They have also donated to the University of Kansas, their alma mater. There is an Anschutz Library and Anschutz Sports Pavilion named in honor of their contributions.
In recognition of their philanthropic efforts, the Anschutzes were named the winners of the 2009 William E. Simon Prize for Philanthropic Leadership.[35]
Other business ventures[edit]
Anschutz had multiple other business ventures, including Forest Oil, Pacific Energy Group, Union Pacific Railroad (Anschutz is the company's largest shareholder, with a 6% stake), the Regal Entertainment Group, which is the largest movie theater chain in the world, with approximately 7,000 screens - Anschutz owns more than half of the company, and multiple newspapers and media groups. Anschutz has invested in, for example, the Clarity Media Group, a Denver-based publishing group that includes[36] newspapers like The Oklahoman, the largest newspaper in Oklahoma, the San Francisco Daily (purchased in 2004, sold in November 2011), the Washington Daily, which was spun off from a number of D.C. area suburban dailies, the Baltimore Daily, which launched in April 2006 and was shut down in early 2009, .com, a hyper-local web portal where citizen journalists write on local topics from news to blog-like stories, the Weekly Standard (purchased in 2009),[37] and The Gazette, the second-largest newspaper in Colorado with a daily circulation of 74,172 (purchased on November 30, 2012)[38] (Anschutz has trademarked the name "Examiner" in more than sixty cities.) Anschutz invested in both the Oil & Gas Asset Clearinghouse, which is an auction company designed for the Oil & Gas Business, and NRC Broadcasting, which owns a string of radio stations in Colorado. The Anschutz Investment Company also purchased LightEdge Solutions in February 2008. LightEdge is a business-to-business hosted services provider focused on Wide-Area-Networking, Voice-over-IP, Hosted Microsoft applications (Exchange, OCS, SharePoint), hosted servers/storage collocation cage and rackspace and Business Continuity Services.[39]
It was announced on September 15, 2011, that Anschutz would be acquiring all assets of the Oklahoma Publishing Company (OPUBCO) from the Gaylord and Dickinson families. Upon closing, Anschutz would operate OPUBCO separately from all his other publishing and media assets as its own independent company. Closing was expected in October 2011. In March 2012, it was reported that Anschutz was interested in buying the Rangers. He also invested in the Power Company of Wyoming LLC,[40] formed in 2007[41] (re-incorporated in 2010)[42]) for the purpose of building the Chokecherry and Sierra Madre wind power complex in Carbon County, Wyoming, comprising up to 1,000 wind turbines with up to 3,000 megawatts of capacity.[40] It will be sited on 229,077 acres, about half federal, about half privately owned by an affiliate, and a smattering of state lands.[43][44] According to the Bureau of Land Management, which on July 2, 2012, announced completion of the project's final Environmental Impact Statement, "Chokecherry and Sierra Madre are two distinct sites approximately five miles apart which are both being analyzed together. When combined, they comprise the largest commercial wind generation facility proposed in the U.S. and one of the largest in the world." Construction is expected to start in 2013, and cost an estimated $4 billion-$6 billion."[45]
Political and religious activism[edit]
Anschutz supported the Parents Television Council, a group that protests against television indecency.[46] He also financed and distributed films with Christian themes for mass audiences (through his two film production companies and ownership of much of the Regal, Edwards and United Artists theater chains) such as Amazing Grace and The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.[citation needed] He financed The Foundation for a Better Life. In 2009 Anschutz purchased the conservative American opinion magazine The Weekly Standard from Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation.[47] Anschutz and fellow board members of the American Petroleum Institute in Washington are credited by Bush's energy secretary for the Oval Office decision in 2001 to stand with the 95-0 vote in the U.S. Senate four years earlier against bringing ratification of the Kyoto Protocol to the floor for consideration. In 2010, he financed the pro-charter school film, Waiting for Superman.[48] In 2012, he financed the pro-parent trigger film, Won't Back Down.[49]
References[edit]


^ Forbes: The World's billionaires - Philip Anschutz September 2014
^ "chemistrydaily Resources and Information". Chemistrydaily.com. Retrieved April 8, 2017. 
^ "Denver Post: Archive Results". 
^ Lutz, Catherine (April 2, 2012). "The Aspen 50 – Forbes billionaires in Pitkin County". Aspen Business Journal. Retrieved January 12, 2017. 
^ "Sue Anschutz-Rodgers". Colorado Women's Hall of Fame. 2016. Retrieved January 12, 2017. 
^ A Standard History of Kansas and Kansans, by William E. Connelley Accessed March 2013.
^ a b Contemporary Honors Award Recipient Philip Anschutz, Kansas Business Hall of Fame, February 2000
^ Gilpin, Kenneth N. (October 4, 1984). "BUSINESS PEOPLE – BUSINESS PEOPLE – Anschutz Founder Shuns Limelight". The New York Times. Retrieved April 1, 2011. 
^ "Philip Anschutz: The Westerner" The Independent, July 8, 2006. Retrieved from Internet Archive June 30, 2016
^ "Contemporary Honors Award Recipient 2000 - School of Business | Emporia State University". www.emporia.edu. Retrieved December 7, 2015. 
^ "Junior Achievement U.S. Business Hall of Fame". 
^ Gordon, Philip. "Phil Anschutz's conservative agenda". Politico. Retrieved April 8, 2017. 
^ a b Markazi, Arash. Potential AEG sale raises questions. ESPN, September 18, 2012.
^ MLS founders reflect on 20 years of Major League Soccer. Major League Soccer, December 6, 2015.
^ "The real king of the Los Angeles Kings: mystery billionaire Philip Anschutz". June 12, 2012. 
^ O'Reilly, Brian (September 6, 1999). "Billionaire Next Door Philip Anschutz may be the richest American you've never heard of. But this in many ways ordinary guy is an extraordinary businessman, as we learned when we went hunting for the elusive". CNN. Retrieved May 22, 2010. 
^ "Land Report 100 – Largest Landowners In The U.S.". The Land Report. Retrieved April 8, 2017. 
^ "Anschutz Group Wins Recognition for Support Award Celebrates Valley of Chiefs Work". Rocky Mountain News. February 11, 2003. 
^ "Anschutz, Spitzer Settle, Then Fight". Forbes. May 14, 2003. 
^ Dead link at nydailynews.com, May 15, 2003.
^ WSJ Review and Outlook, May 15, 2003.
^ "Anschutz not named in lawsuit ... No indication action is pending". nl.newsbank.com. 
^ Dead link at rockymountainnews.com.
^ Whitehurst, Patrick (June 24, 2008). "New ownership for Xanterra, GC Railway". Williams News. Retrieved June 25, 2008. 
^ "Anschutz Buys Manitou & Pikes Peak". DRGW.Net. September 19, 2011. 
^ "Anschutz Says Luring NFL Team Is Priority After Ending AEG Sale". March 15, 2013 – via www.bloomberg.com. 
^ a b c d Sports Business Journal, Soccer’s visionary: Phil Anschutz, June 5, 2006, http://www.sportsbusinessdaily.com/Journal/Issues/2006/06/20060605/SBJ-In-Depth/Soccers-Visionary-Phil-Anschutz.aspx
^ Sports Business Journal, The 20 Most Influential People in Soccer, June 5, 2006, http://m.sportsbusinessdaily.com/Journal/Issues/2006/06/20060605/SBJ-In-Depth/The-20-Most-Influential-People-In-Soccer.aspx
^ "How Philip Anschutz Made Billions Seeing What Others Missed". The Motley Fool. July 20, 2015. 
^ SB Nation, The Two Sides of Phillip Anschutz: An American Soccer Savior With a Disturbing Social Agenda, November 10, 2011, http://www.dynamotheory.com/2011/11/10/2551015/the-two-sides-of-phillip-anschutz-houston-dynamo-la-galaxy-mls-cup-2011
^ TropiGol Sports, Anschutz saved MLS from extinction, September 19, 2012, http://www.tropigol.com/2012/09/19/anschutz-saved-mls-from-extinction/
^ December 10, 2012, Pages 20-22. "50 Most Influential: 2-10 - SportsBusiness Daily | SportsBusiness Journal | SportsBusiness Daily Global". SportsBusiness Daily. Retrieved April 8, 2017. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Philip Anschutz's Philanthropy page. Faces of Philanthropy, accessed December 23, 2010.
^ Forbes realtime list of billionaires, Forbes, accessed January 18, 2015.
^ Jonathan Last, "Pass It On", Philanthropy Roundtable, Fall 2009.
^ Clarity
^ Corcoran, Michael. "The Weekly Standard’s War: Murdoch sells the magazine that sold the Iraq invasion", Fairness and Accuracy in Reporting, September 2009.
^ Avery, Greg (November 30, 2012). "Anschutz buys Colorado Springs Gazette". Denver Business Journal. Retrieved November 30, 2012. 
^ "The Anschutz Co. buys Des Moines firm", Denver Business Journal, March 25, 2008, accessed March 10, 2011
^ a b "Power Company of Wyoming: Chokecherry and Sierra Madre Wind Energy Project". 
^ "Business Entity Detail - Wyoming Secretary of State". 
^ "Business Entity Detail - Wyoming Secretary of State". 
^ "BLM project map, accessed 2012/07/05". 
^ "BLM. Chokecherry & Sierra Madre Wind Energy Project Final EIS, Volume II, Chapter 1, page 4" (PDF). 
^ "Chokecherry and Sierra Madre project description pdf, accessed 2012/07/05". 
^ Clark, Justin, "Citizen Anschutz: How the conservative Christian head of Regal Cinemas is trying to change how you see movies", Nerve.com, March 23, 2006.
^ "Weekly Standard sold to Washington Examiner parent company", Washington Examiner, June 17, 2009.
^ Substance News, October 28, 2010 http://www.substancenews.net/articles.php?page=1746
^ Josh Eidelson, "Walmart, Right-Wing Media Company Hold Star-Studded Benefit Promoting Education Reform Film" In These Times, August 13, 2012, http://www.inthesetimes.com/working/entry/13643/walmart_anschutz_teachers_rock_wont_back_down_union_parent_trigger_viola_da/


External links[edit]

"The Man Behind the Curtain", Forbes, 2010-11-08.
"Philip Anschutz, Chairman and CEO, The Anschutz Corporation, Denver, CO", The Horatio Alger Association of Distinguished Americans.
Bruck, Connie, "The Man Who Owns LA", The New Yorker, January 16, 2012.
Philip Anschutz on IMDb








v
t
e


Current National Hockey League owners















Eastern Conference







Atlantic Division
Metropolitan Division






Jeremy Jacobs (Boston Bruins)
Terrence Pegula (Buffalo Sabres)
Ilitch Holdings (Detroit Red Wings)
Vincent Viola (Florida Panthers)
Molson family (Montreal Canadiens)
Eugene Melnyk (Ottawa Senators)
Jeffrey Vinik (Tampa Bay Lightning)
Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment (Toronto Maple Leafs)








Peter Karmanos Jr. (Carolina Hurricanes)
John P. McConnell (Columbus Blue Jackets)
Joshua Harris (New Jersey Devils)
Jon Ledecky and Scott D. Malkin (New York Islanders)
The Madison Square Garden Company (New York Rangers)
Comcast Spectacor (Philadelphia Flyers)
Mario Lemieux and Ronald Burkle (Pittsburgh Penguins)
Ted Leonsis (Washington Capitals)


















Western Conference







Central Division
Pacific Division






Rocky Wirtz (Chicago Blackhawks)
Ann Walton Kroenke (Colorado Avalanche)
Tom Gaglardi (Dallas Stars)
Craig Leipold (Minnesota Wild)
Predators Holdings LLC (Nashville Predators)
SLB Acquisition Holdings LLC (St. Louis Blues)
True North Sports & Entertainment (Winnipeg Jets)








Henry Samueli (Anaheim Ducks)
Andrew Barroway (Arizona Coyotes)
Calgary Sports and Entertainment (Calgary Flames)
Oilers Entertainment Group (Edmonton Oilers)
Anschutz Entertainment Group (Los Angeles Kings)
San Jose Sports & Entertainment (San Jose Sharks)
Canucks Sports & Entertainment (Vancouver Canucks)
Black Knight Sports & Entertainment (Vegas Golden Knights)




















v
t
e


Los Angeles Kings






Founded in 1967
Based in Los Angeles, California





Franchise



Team
General managers
Coaches
Players
Captains
Draft picks (Expansion draft)
Seasons
Current season





History



History
1967 expansion
Records
Award winners
Retired numbers





Personnel



Owners
Philip Anschutz
Edward P. Roski
General manager
Rob Blake
Head coach
John Stevens
Team captain
Anze Kopitar
Current roster





Arenas



Long Beach Arena
Los Angeles Memorial Sports Arena
The Forum
Staples Center





Rivalries



Anaheim Ducks





Affiliates



AHL
Ontario Reign
ECHL
Manchester Monarchs





Media



Broadcasters
TV: FSN West/Prime Ticket
Radio: KABC (790 AM)





Culture and lore



I Love L.A.
Bailey
Frozen Fury
Miracle on Manchester
1991 Las Vegas outdoor game
Garnet Bailey and Mark Bavis
The Love Guru
2011 NHL Premiere
2014 NHL Stadium Series
2015 NHL Stadium Series









Authority control



WorldCat Identities
VIAF: 21999168
LCCN: nr91027329
ISNI: 0000 0000 5088 5979
GND: 122719832










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Philip_Anschutz&oldid=790712417"					
Categories: American business executivesAmerican investors1939 birthsLiving peopleAnschutz CorporationAmerican billionairesAmerican energy industry businesspeopleAmerican entertainment industry businesspeopleAmerican newspaper publishers (people)American philanthropistsAmerican PresbyteriansAmerican people of German descentAmerican railway entrepreneursAmerican real estate businesspeopleAmerican soccer chairmen and investorsAmerican stock tradersChicago Fire Soccer ClubColorado Rapids ownersColorado RepublicansHouston DynamoLos Angeles Kings ownersLos Angeles Lakers ownersMajor League Soccer executivesNew York Red BullsNational Soccer Hall of Fame membersPeople from Russell, KansasThe San Francisco Examiner peopleSan Jose EarthquakesSouthern Pacific Railroad peopleUniversity of Kansas alumniWomen's National Basketball Association executivesAmerican railroadersStanley Cup championsPeople from Wichita, KansasPeople from Hays, KansasHidden categories: CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listUse mdy dates from April 2017Pages using infobox person with unknown parametersInfobox person using religionArticles with hCardsAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from June 2011Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiersWikipedia articles with LCCN identifiersWikipedia articles with ISNI identifiersWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschEspañolفارسیFrançais한국어ItalianoSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 15 July 2017, at 16:04.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
