


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









  Delaware LLC - Incorporate in Delaware - Delaware Series LLC | IncNow                  Menu    Talk to a Pro: 1-800-759-2248The Delaware Incorporation Pros Fast Delaware LLC Formation & Series LLC ExpertsDelaware LLCDelaware CorporationDelaware Series LLC     POPULARNow LLCComplete LLCBasic LLCProcessing Fee$169$119$118$68$9First Year Registered Agent Service *YES$90YES$90YES$90Delaware Filing FeeYES$90 State FeeYES$90 State FeeYES$90 State Fee20 page LLC Operating Agreement, Required by law **YESSIGNATURE-READY!YESSIGNATURE-READY!NODOES NOT INCLUDE OPERATING AGREEMENT REQUIRED BY LAWEmail Document DeliveryYESExcluded(Option Available During Checkout)Excluded(Option Available During Checkout)1 Business Day TurnaroundYES$50 State Fee is INCLUDEDExcluded(Option Available During Checkout)Excluded(Option Available During Checkout)Total Price$399$349$298$248$189Get StartedGet StartedGet StartedUse Code INCNOW50Use Code INCNOW50* Registered Agent Service required by law included until January 1, 2019. Each year thereafter is $99 per year. Delaware Residents may opt out of this to save $90 for the Basic Package.** An Operating Agreement is required under the Delaware LLC Act.  POPULARNow LLCProcessing Fee$169$119First Year Registered Agent Service *YES$90Delaware Filing FeeYES$90 State Fee20 page LLC Operating Agreement, Required by law **YESSIGNATURE-READY!Email Document DeliveryYES1 Business Day TurnaroundYES$50 State Fee is INCLUDEDTotal Price$399$349 Get StartedUse Code INCNOW50Complete LLCProcessing Fee$118$68First Year Registered Agent Service *YES$90Delaware Filing FeeYES$90 State Fee20 page LLC Operating Agreement, Required by law **YESSIGNATURE-READY!Email Document DeliveryExcluded(Option Available During Checkout)1 Business Day TurnaroundExcluded(Option Available During Checkout)Total Price$298$248 Get StartedUse Code INCNOW50Basic LLCProcessing Fee$9First Year Registered Agent Service *YES$90Delaware Filing FeeYES$90 State Fee20 page LLC Operating Agreement, Required by law **NODOES NOT INCLUDE OPERATING AGREEMENT REQUIRED BY LAWEmail Document DeliveryExcluded(Option Available During Checkout)1 Business Day TurnaroundExcluded(Option Available During Checkout)Total Price$189 Get Started* Registered Agent Service required by law included until January 1, 2019. Each year thereafter is $99 per year. Delaware Residents may opt out of this to save $90 for the Basic Package.** An Operating Agreement is required under the Delaware LLC Act.    POPULARNow CorpComplete CorpBasic CorpProcessing Fee$169$119$119$69$9First Year Registered Agent Service *YES$90YES$90YES$90Delaware Filing FeeYES$89 State FeeYES$89 State FeeYES$89 State FeeCorporate MinutesYESYESYESIncluded: Stock Certificates Appoint Officers/Issue Stock Bylaws Minute BookYESYESNOEmail Document DeliveryYESExcluded(Option Available During Checkout)Excluded(Option Available During Checkout)1 Business Day TurnaroundYES$50 State Fee is INCLUDEDExcluded(Option Available During Checkout)Excluded(Option Available During Checkout)Total Price$398$348$298$248$188Get StartedGet StartedGet StartedUse Code INCNOW50Use Code INCNOW50* Registered Agent Service required by law included until January 1, 2019. Each year thereafter is $99 per year. Delaware Residents may opt out of this to save $90 for the Basic Package.  POPULARNow CorpProcessing Fee$169$119First Year Registered Agent Service *YES$90Delaware Filing FeeYES$89 State FeeCorporate MinutesYESIncluded: Stock Certificates Appoint Officers/Issue Stock Bylaws Minute BookYESEmail Document DeliveryYES1 Business Day TurnaroundYES$50 State Fee is INCLUDEDTotal Price$398$348 Get StartedUse Code INCNOW50Complete CorpProcessing Fee$119$69First Year Registered Agent Service *YES$90Delaware Filing FeeYES$89 State FeeCorporate MinutesYESIncluded: Stock Certificates Appoint Officers/Issue Stock Bylaws Minute BookYESEmail Document DeliveryExcluded(Option Available During Checkout)1 Business Day TurnaroundExcluded(Option Available During Checkout)Total Price$298$248 Get StartedUse Code INCNOW50Basic CorpProcessing Fee$9First Year Registered Agent Service *YES$90Delaware Filing FeeYES$89 State FeeCorporate MinutesNOIncluded: Stock Certificates Appoint Officers/Issue Stock Bylaws Minute BookNOEmail Document DeliveryExcluded(Option Available During Checkout)1 Business Day TurnaroundExcluded(Option Available During Checkout)Total Price$188 Get Started* Registered Agent Service required by law included until January 1, 2019. Each year thereafter is $99 per year. Delaware Residents may opt out of this to save $90 for the Basic Package.    POPULARComplete Series LLCProcessing Fee$418First Year Registered Agent Service *YES$90Delaware Filing FeeYES$90 State FeeProfessionally-Prepared 50+ page Series LLC Operating AgreementYESTotal Price$349 Get StartedUse Code INCNOW50Basic Series LLCProcessing Fee$9First Year Registered Agent Service *YES$90Delaware Filing FeeYES$90 State FeeProfessionally-Prepared 50+ page Series LLC Operating AgreementYESTotal Price$189 Get Started* Registered Agent Service required by law included until January 1, 2019. Each year thereafter is $99 per year. Delaware Residents may opt out of this to save $90 for the Basic Package. Why Choose Incnow?Trust Incnow to form your Delaware corporations and LLCs for as little as $9 plus filing fees. You will be supported by a family owned business, operated by experienced LLC experts and corporate law attorneys. Seventeen thousand active companies, many of which are household names, engage Incnow as their Delaware commercial registered agent. Incnow has been providing fast Delaware incorporation services to business owners worldwide since 1974.  TrustpilotFAQsWhat are the annual costs associated with a Delaware LLC?How can I find out if the name I want is already taken?Why should I incorporate or form an LLC in Delaware?Must my Delaware LLC request an EIN from the IRS?Why Delaware is the #1 state for incorporating Start your LLC or Corporation the “Right Way”Welcome to IncNow. Our family-run business has helped entrepreneurs, start-ups, law firms, incubators, accountants and businesses start Delaware LLCs and corporations as a trusted resource for over 40 years. We are proud of the work we do; our customers recently awarded us as the most highly rated firm in the industry with a five-star customer service rating, and we have some of the most successful Internet companies, such as Pinterest, as customers. Read MoreDependability and local expertise is critical when choosing a company to assist you with Limited Liability Companies (LLCs) and Corporations, because they will be with you for the life of the company. We pride ourselves on and have distinguished ourselves by our personal service, speed of service and being a reliable and expert ongoing resource to our customers. Many of our early customers are still with us today and continue to recommend us to other customers.IncNow is different from our competitors because we’re an attorney-managed, technology-enabled Internet business, combining speed and efficiency with the best products and innovations, such as the new Series LLC, while delivering these to our customers at affordable prices. We are operated by David N. Williams Esq. and John Legaré Williams Esq., who are licensed Delaware attorneys with decades of experience guiding entrepreneurs from incorporation to success. This gives our customers confidence in the legal documents and service provided throughout and beyond the incorporation process.Delaware is the gold standard for incorporating. The State of Delaware has specific business courts and the most advanced business laws that apply to all Delaware Corporations and LLCs no matter where they do business. We are the Delaware LLC and Corporation experts. Trust us to form your next LLC or Corporation.For personal service, please feel free to call our Incorporation Specialists at (302) 575-0877 to answer questions, start and then complete your LLC or Corporation today. We look forward to providing you with extraordinary customer service and the best products and service to meet your needs.Yours truly, Current President John L. Williams, Esq. and IncNow founder David N. Williams, Esq.            FAQ - How can I find out if the Delaware LLC name I want is taken?               Menu    Talk to a Pro: 1-800-759-2248The Delaware Incorporation Pros  Home > FAQs > How can I find out if the name I want is already taken?How can I find out if the name I want is already taken?IncNow (Agents and Corporations, Inc.) provides two easy ways to discover the availability of an entity name.The first way is to submit an order to IncNow and we will check the name that business day.The second way is to call us at 1-800-759-2248 or email agents@incnow.com, where a representative can check the availability of a desired entity name at no charge.Checking the State of Delaware’s website for availability can be misleading because the business search tool shows former names that are no longer conflicts but does not display some names which may pose conflicts, for example when the corporate ending is different.You can use the “name reservation” tool at corp.delaware.gov to confirm availability. We do not believe that is usually necessary because it costs $75 and it would be easier to just file the company to see if the name is available. Fast, Professional Delaware LLCIncorporation ServicesFill out a simple online formWe prepare and file your LLCYou receive your LLC package Get Started! Compare LLC Packages  Have a Question?Let us help! Can't find what you need and would like to ask us directly? Ask a Question now >>  Ask a Question First NameLast NameEmailPhoneQuestions  Thank YouThank you for submitting your question. Within 1 business day, you will be contacted by one of our agents. For faster service please call 800-759-2248 or email agents@incnow.com              Form Delaware Corporation - Delaware Incorporation Services | IncNow               Menu    Talk to a Pro: 1-800-759-2248The Delaware Incorporation Pros  Home > Delaware Corporation Easy, Fast & ProfessionalDelaware CorporationFill out a simple online formWe prepare and file your CorporationYou receive your Corporation package Get Started! Compare Corporation Packages    Delaware Incorporation ServicesIncorporate a Delaware Corporation in only a few minutes with IncNow!• Enjoy the predictable and fair legal environment afforded to businesses incorporated in the State of Delaware• Protect the assets of stockholders against claims of the business’s creditors• Rely on IncNow’s 40+ years of experience• Start a Delaware Corporation today with our NOW Incorporation package for our 1-business day turnaround service    Start Your Delaware CorporationIncNow, the Delaware corporation experts, can help you incorporate your business the right way. We have had the pleasure of incorporating tens of thousands of successful businesses.   Founded by the first tax lawyer in Delaware, we have a high degree of expertise in the creation and maintenance of your new business. What makes IncNow unique is that industry-leading attorneys manage and train the experienced team of incorporation specialists with a high degree of accuracy.As your Corporation experts, IncNow will:1. Prepare and file your Certificate of Incorporation2. Execute the Minutes of Incorporation to elect one or more directors3. Prepare Bylaws to govern your corporation4. Prepare the Unanimous Action of Directors to elect officers and direct stock to be issued to one or more stockholders5. Prepare stock certificates for one or more stockholdersOrdering our attorney-developed shareholder agreement will help keep the stock from being transferred to unwanted third parties. This is recommended for all corporations with more than one stockholder.    What is a Corporation, and what does Incorporating mean?A Corporation is a legal entity or legal “person” that exists completely separate from natural persons, and is typically composed of natural persons that hold stock in the corporation.Incorporating is the act of filing a new corporation.When incorporating, you have the ability to select the state of incorporation, which is the state where the initial paperwork is filed and the state that will govern the internal affairs of your business (relationship between decision makers and owners).Delaware General Corporation Law will protect your corporation only if you select to incorporate in the State of Delaware.Delaware has the most desirable legislature, statutes, case law and court system for corporate governance. Starting in Delaware is an easy choice that some business owners overlook in the haste to get started, but may regret later. Rarely is the state in which you reside as favorable as where the owners reside. After comparing all 50 states, business owners frequently decide to incorporate in Delaware.    Why Should I Incorporate in Delaware?Delaware has a reputation as the forerunner in corporate law in the United States. Industry leading companies, from credit cards (Discover, Bank of America) to technology (Google, Apple) to restaurants (McDonald’s, Chipotle) are incorporated in Delaware. So why should you join them and incorporate your business in Delaware?1. Delaware has the strongest Corporate Shield of any StateThe main reason to incorporate in Delaware is to protect personal assets from your business’s liability. This protection is referred to as the “corporate veil” or “shield”, and is especially strong in Delaware.2. Business-Friendly Government Services Many of the businesses that chose to organize in Delaware have done so because of the business-friendly government in Delaware. Delaware’s Court of Chancery is a specialized business court. With its established body of case law, the Delaware courts are experts at resolving business conflicts. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce has ranked Delaware’s litigation system the best in the country for fairness every year.3. Ability to Operate a Delaware Corporation in every State or almost any CountryWith a Delaware corporation, you have the ability to conduct business in every state and almost every country. Delaware corporations do not need a bank account or business address in Delaware, they need only a Registered Agent to forward Delaware annual notices and legal notices.4. Predictability in Ownership and Management StructureDelaware’s predictable laws on ownership and management allow you to structure your business with confidence. You can even have the protection of a corporation for a one-person business. For example, one individual can be sole Director, President, Secretary, and Treasurer, as well as the sole shareholder.5. Directors and Officers are protected from lawsuitsBusiness officers and Directors have the ability to take risks and make routine business decisions without fear of having those decisions second guessed by stockholders. Even if losses result, as long as the decisions were not self-dealing, the officers and directors should be protected from personal liability.6. No Delaware income tax returns  for Corporations operating outside of DelawareDelaware corporations do not have to file Delaware tax returns if they do not conduct business in Delaware.7. Tax AdvantagesA corporation is taxed as a C-Corporation unless it elects to be taxed as an S-Corporation. If the stockholders are eligible and timely elect to be taxed as an S-Corporation with the IRS, it can save the stockholders thousands of dollars in self-employment taxes by splitting income 50/50 between self-employment income and an “S-Dividend”.8. Delaware offers speedy document approval and filings The Secretary of State’s office in Delaware maintains extended hours for filing and can approve documents in as little as one hour for additional fees.9. A Delaware Corporation can be used to manage almost anythingCorporations can range from a one personal consulting company to a multi-million dollar technology business. Corporations are not recommended for holding passive assets, like real estate.10. Delaware has the fairest courts and laws of any stateThe United States Chamber of Commerce has recognized Delaware’s business dispute and incorporation climate by ranking Delaware’s litigation system #1 over the past 9 years. The advantage of having so many business disputes resolved in Delaware is that previous conflicts have established an extensive body of case law.    How to Start a Delaware Corporation1. Choose a NameChoose a unique corporate name that is not registered with the Delaware Secretary of State. The name must include a corporate ending or abbreviation thereof (ex. “Inc.”, “Incorporated”, “Company”, “Co..”, “Corporation”, “Corp.”, “Association”, etc.) You can always file a name amendment in the future. For example, when we incorporated “Pinterest,” the original name was “Cold Brew Labs.”2. Find a Registered AgentEvery Delaware corporation is required to have a registered agent in Delaware. The registered agent will forward lawsuits and correspondence from the Delaware Secretary of State to you.You do not need to visit or have an office or any other connection to Delaware to incorporate a corporation in Delaware. Select Agents and Corporations, Inc. (IncNow) to act as your registered agent.3. Draft a Certificate of IncorporationThe Certificate of Incorporation officially brings the corporation into existence in the public record. IncNow will prepare a Certificate of Incorporation that includes:Name of the corporationName and address of the Registered Agent of the corporationStatement of the type of business that the corporation will engage inNumber of shares of authorized stock that the corporation will issuePar value of each shareName and signature of the incorporatorIndemnification clause for breaches of Duty of CareAllowance for Director Amended BylawsThe standard form from the Secretary of State leaves off recommended provisions, such as the director amended bylaws and relaxed director liability. These provisions must be included in the Certificate of Incorporation and cannot be enforced if included only in the bylaws or elsewhere.4. Annual Taxes and FeesSimilar to most states, Delaware corporations pay a “franchise tax”, or annual fee. This fee is based either on the shares authorized by the corporation on its Certificate of Incorporation, or any Amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation that change the number of shares of stock the corporation is allowed to issue.We recommend incorporating with 1500 shares of voting stock to minimize both filing and annual fees. If additional shares of restricted or non-voting stock are desired or required in the future, the authorized number of shares can be amended.5. Stockholder AgreementIf your corporation has more than one stockholder, it should have a Stockholder Agreement.Stockholder agreements are optional, but recommended.They set out the powers and rights of stockholders, as well as their relationship with the corporation and must be executed by all stockholders.A stockholder agreement can place restrictions on transferring stock.Delaware law specifically allows certain restrictions on the rights of stockholders to sell their shares.In closely held corporations with very few stockholders, these agreements are especially important because they will govern the relationship between the stockholders.Notice of the stockholder agreement must also be on the stock certificates to provide notice to possible assignees of the restrictions.Any corporation with more than one stockholder should have a Stockholder Agreement to minimize future problems of valuation, buyback, and unwanted third parties owning stock as transfers or assignees.6. Stockholder Agreement ServiceTo the surprise of many business owners, bylaws do not include provisions for rights of first refusal or buy-out provisions for stockholders. Corporation stockholders should consider a Stockholder Agreement — an important additional service to protect their stockholders’ expectations.We offer a standard Delaware Stockholder Agreement for $199.A Delaware attorney developed this Stockholder Agreement in the course of practice.It has been modified for our customers to provide extra rights and protection for stockholders to prevent outsiders from becoming unwanted stockholders in their company in the event of a sale of stock or death of a shareholder.This document gives you a running start to future planning for your Corporation.    C-Corporations vs. S-CorporationsThe “C” vs. “S” discussion should not impact your pre-incorporation decision. While corporations are C-Corporations by default when they are incorporated, it is very easy to change classifications between C-Corporations and S-Corporations.There is no distinction between the Certificate of Incorporation for a C-Corporation and that for an S-Corporation. Every Corporation filed with any of the 50 US States starts out simply as a general Corporation.    ConclusionDelaware’s pro-business climate, makes it the location of choice for anyone seeking to incorporate their business. Whether large or small, your business can reap the benefits of incorporating in Delaware.    More About CorporationsWhat is a Delaware Corporation ?Types of Delaware CorporationsFill out a simple online formWe prepare and file your CorporationYou receive your Corporation package Get Started! Compare Corporation Packages   When deciding where to form your company, consider that Delaware has advantages over your home state that may benefit you. Go  Have a Question?Let us help! Can't find what you need and would like to ask us directly? Ask a Question now >>  Ask a Question First NameLast NameEmailPhoneQuestions  Thank YouThank you for submitting your question. Within 1 business day, you will be contacted by one of our agents. For faster service please call 800-759-2248 or email agents@incnow.com  More About CorporationsDelaware CorporationWhat Is a Delaware Corporation?The Types of Delaware Corporations            Why Form a Delaware LLC? See the Top 10 Benefits | IncNow               Menu    Talk to a Pro: 1-800-759-2248The Delaware Incorporation Pros  Home > Delaware LLC Formation ServiceDelaware LLCMany business owners in the United States choose to form their business as a Delaware LLC due to the legal benefits from the state’s predictable business friendly laws. Delaware LLC formation is easy, too — there is no need to visit the state and minimal information is required to form your LLC in Delaware. The process can be done online; IncNow can help form a Delaware LLC for your business in just five minutes.Read more below about why the Delaware LLC is so popular, plus what to expect during the formation process.    Incorporate your Delaware LLC in just a few minutes with IncNow!• Enjoy the legal and tax benefits afforded by the state of Delaware’s pro-business laws• Protect your personal assets and limit your liability with the most popular business entity• Trust IncNow’s 40+ years of experience; a BBB A+ rated family-owned business• Start a Delaware LLC in just 5 minutes with IncNow’s fast formation service; affordable packages start at only $9 plus required state fees    Why form your Delaware LLC with IncNow?Form your Delaware LLC with IncNow, the Delaware formation experts. With years of experience, the incorporation specialists at IncNow (Agents and Corporations, Inc.) can assist you with any questions you may have about forming a limited liability company in Delaware. IncNow can help you understand topics such as the common provisions included in Operating Agreements and Certificates of Formation.As a Delaware Commercial Registered Agent, IncNow has a higher filing priority than agents outside of Delaware and self-filers, which means your documents are normally returned to you in 1-3 days, not weeks.    How do you form a Delaware LLC?Choose a Delaware LLC NameRegistering a Delaware LLC requires 2 things:Filing a Certificate of FormationDocumenting your Operating AgreementBefore filing the Certificate of Formation, you must first check the prospective business name with the Delaware Secretary of State for conflicts, which can be done online at Incnow.com.Additionally, Delaware law requires that all new LLCs have either “Limited Liability Company”, “LLC”, or “L.L.C.” in the company name. If, at a later date, you want to change your LLC name, you can do so through an Amendment to the Certificate of Formation.Delaware Registered Agent RequirementYou can form an LLC in Delaware without visiting, opening an office, or maintaining a bank account in Delaware; however, the Delaware LLC Act requires any company incorporated in Delaware to have a Delaware Registered Agent with an in-state street address. Agents and Corporations, Inc. (IncNow) will act as Registered Agent for companies incorporating in Delaware for a small annual fee.After formation, the Registered Agent receives State of Delaware notices and is required to be generally available during business hours to accept and forward court notices to you (service of process). The Registered Agent will be there for the life of your company, so it’s important to find one that is professional and reliable. Agents and Corporations (IncNow) has been a Delaware Registered Agent since 1974, and at the same office since 1982. IncNow is family operated by Delaware attorneys who specialize in corporate law.Delaware Certificate of Formation RequirementsOur office will sign as the authorized person (also known as an organizer) and file a Certificate of Formation with the Secretary of State’s Division of Corporations to form the Delaware LLC on public record. Your name and address are not listed on public filings unless requested by you. Other states refer to this document as Articles of Organization, but Delaware does not use that term.A Certificate of Formation must include:The name of the LLCThe name and address of the registered agentThe signature of an authorized individualOf special note, if the Delaware LLC is a Series LLC, which protects assets of parts of the LLC from the liabilities of other parts of the LLC, then this must be indicated on the Certificate of Formation (more information on the Series LLC may be found elsewhere on this site). Many optional provisions could also be included in the Certificate of Formation. Upon special request, we can include the names of members and/or managers on the Certificate of Formation.Delaware LLC Operating AgreementWith our complete package, we draft an Operating Agreement to set forth the ownership and management structure and procedures. Delaware requires that LLCs have an Operating Agreement that will govern it; however, Delaware does not require that the Operating Agreement be filed with the state, or even be in writing.It is recommended that you have a written, signed agreement. Even in a single-member Delaware LLC, the Operating Agreement is important because it provides a decision-making structure that will benefit the LLC when dealing with other entities, increase protection, and increase credibility for financial transactions. The Operating Agreement will include provisions such as liability, ownership, dissolution, and transfer of interest, among others.Many incorporation services use boilerplate agreements without provisions to prevent common problems. A well-crafted Delaware Operating Agreement should serve like a prenuptial agreement to avoid any partnership disputes between members should any member decide to go in a different direction.Signing the LLC Operating AgreementOnce the Delaware Operating Agreement has been drafted and approved, all members should execute it. Most Delaware LLCs, as a practical matter, will not draft and finalize the Operating Agreement until after formation. Many formal requirements of corporations, such as those related to voting and annual meetings, are not required by LLCs.  To this extent, many well-crafted Operating Agreements will avoid bureaucracy to streamline your business operations.While an Operating Agreement can be enforceable unsigned, it is more difficult to prove that an unsigned Operating Agreement was agreed upon by all members. In multi-member LLCs, it is especially important to have a signed Operating Agreement. Should you change the agreement or ownership structure, an amended and restated LLC Operating Agreement should be signed each time the agreement changes.    Top 10 Reasons to Form an LLC in Delaware1. Delaware LLCs offer the most protection for you and your business with two-way protectionBy forming a Delaware LLC, you safeguard your personal assets by building a shield between them and your business liabilities. This means that, if the business itself cannot pay a creditor, then this shield makes it difficult for creditors to penetrate into your personal assets, such as your house, car and other personal possessions.Delaware explicitly makes the “Charging Order” the sole and exclusive remedy for creditors of LLC members. This prevents creditors of your business partners from taking over the company. Creditors of a member can only get an economic interest in the LLC’s distributions to that member, not a control interest or a right to liquidate the LLC.2. Delaware’s laws provide the strongest shield of any stateDelaware governs the internal affairs of your company, including its liability shield. The corporate protection or “corporate shield” afforded by the Delaware LLC Act, which protects the personal assets of individual owners from creditors of their business, is thicker than any protection offered in any other state.3. Delaware LLCs can operate in almost any State or CountryYou can form a Delaware LLC no matter where your business activities take place or where you live in the United States. Outside the United States, there are very few countries and individuals restricted from using a Delaware LLC, and a Delaware LLC does not need to have a bank account or office in Delaware. A Registered Agent, such as IncNow, maintains a physical address in Delaware required to forward court and Delaware government notices to you.4. Delaware treats you like an adult and lets you manage your businessWhen entering into a Delaware LLC, it is flexible in ownership and management structure. One individual can serve as both the owner and manager. An LLC is governed by its Operating Agreement, allowing you to arrange your business affairs between owners as you see fit and have that arrangement enforced as written. Since the LLC is a contractual entity, it is important that the Delaware courts honor the contract between the parties as written. Furthermore, there is no required annual general meeting, and there is much less administrative paperwork in general, compared to a corporation.5. Managers are protected from lawsuitsThe LLC Agreement in Delaware can reduce or eliminate fiduciary duties. This allows business managers and controlling, managing members the flexibility to take risks that are not readily questioned by minority investors, provided such actions are not in bad faith. Even if the fiduciary duties are not waived or reduced, business managers have the freedom to make business decisions, even if losses result without manager liability, provided the decisions are not self-dealing. Even self-dealing is not entirely prohibited; instead, self-dealing needs to be “entirely fair” to the other members.6. No Delaware income tax if your operations are in other states (and other business tax loopholes)There is no Delaware tax return to file for LLCs that are formed in Delaware, provided they conduct no business in Delaware.As with LLCs in other states, profits are taxed personally at the member level, but not at the LLC level. An LLC is taxed as a sole proprietorship or partnership, unless it elects S-Corporation or C-Corporation tax status.Having an LLC that elects to be taxed as an S-Corporation can save thousands in self-employment taxes because your income can be split 50/50 between self-employment income and “S-Dividend” income. The S-Dividend can reduce your taxes by thousands. For example, splitting $200,000 of income would save the S-electing LLC member more than $4,000 in social security and Medicare taxes. Learn more about these advantages in our LLC tax tips section.7. Delaware’s speedy approvals and filingsThe Delaware Secretary of State’s office maintains extended hours for filing and can expedite filings to as fast as one hour.8. You can use a Delaware LLC to own and manage almost anythingThe business uses can range from one person sales or consulting businesses to multi-million dollar commercial properties. It may operate an active business or simply hold passive assets, like real estate or intellectual property.Most common uses include:To hold real property, such as personal or business real estateTo operate a service businessTo hold tangible personal property or intangible assets such as airplanes, automobiles, boats and patents9. Delaware’s business courts handle business disputes in weeks, not yearsDelaware has a separate court for the resolution of business disputes, the Court of Chancery. Its appointed judges are highly experienced in business cases, and effectively solve corporate disputes in a way that other states do not. There are no jury trials in the Court of Chancery, so Court’s expertise is brought to bear in the decision of every case before the Court.The Delaware court system can act very quickly. Sometimes, the whole process, from start to finish (discovery and motions to trial decisions), can be over in two months. Written decisions from the Court of Chancery are the standard, and are often 100 pages long. This well-reasoned process avoids arbitrary outcomes. Even appeals to the Delaware Supreme Court can be expedited. The Delaware judges do their homework and read all the pleadings carefully before hearings and trials.10. Delaware has the most pro-business laws of any US stateDelaware’s law is generally thought to be pro-business, and has a “goldilocks” balance of being stable and slowly evolving – to be cutting edge without upsetting existing businesses. Because of the maturity of Delaware’s law and the high volume of corporate cases handled by Delaware’s judicial system, there is predictability in outcomes.This means if there have been several similar cases to the one facing your LLC, there is less uncertainty about the judicial outcome, which can be key in deciding to settle a dispute or invest the time and capital to litigate. Even when judges change, it is not a favoritism or political system. Judges in Delaware make reasoned, non-political decisions.    More About LLCsWhat is a Delaware LLC?Delaware LLC Benefits – 11 AdvantagesDelaware LLC vs Corporation Comparison ChartHow to Form a Delaware LLC?Delaware LLC FeesWhat is a Delaware LLC Operating Agreement?How to Cancel a Delaware LLCHow to Start a Business in the U.S.A. Using a Delaware LLCFill out a simple online formWe prepare and file your LLCYou receive your LLC package Get Started! Compare LLC Packages   When deciding where to form your company, consider that Delaware has advantages over your home state that may benefit you. Go Trustpilot  Have a Question?Let us help! Can't find what you need and would like to ask us directly? Ask a Question now >>  Ask a Question First NameLast NameEmailPhoneQuestions  Thank YouThank you for submitting your question. Within 1 business day, you will be contacted by one of our agents. For faster service please call 800-759-2248 or email agents@incnow.com  Fill out a simple online formWe prepare and file your LLCYou receive your LLC package Get Started! Compare LLC PackagesMore About LLCsWhat is a Delaware LLC?Delaware LLC Benefits – 11 AdvantagesForming a Delaware LLC: How Does It Work?How Much Does it Cost to Form and Maintain a Delaware LLC?What is a Delaware LLC Operating Agreement?How to Cancel a Delaware LLCDelaware LLC vs Corporation Comparison Chart: Key DifferencesHow to Start a Business in the U.S.A.            FAQ - Why should I incorporate or form an LLC in Delaware?               Menu    Talk to a Pro: 1-800-759-2248The Delaware Incorporation Pros  Home > FAQs > Why should I incorporate or form an LLC in Delaware?Why should I incorporate or form an LLC in Delaware?Delaware is an easy and reliable state in which to incorporate or form LLCs, plus the annual cost is low and the owners of the LLC as individuals are given the strongest legal protection available by any state. This is demonstrated by a US Chamber of Commerce study of state liability systems that has rated Delaware #1 in all eight studies it has conducted on all 50 states. A few examples of Delaware’s benefits include:Easy and ReliableDelaware law has been tested and provides predictability.Delaware regularly updates its laws to remain the leading state for incorporation.Delaware has a separate Court of Chancery that handles Corporation law cases quickly and competently.Lower CostsThe Delaware Corporation minimum annual franchise tax is $175 and the filing fee is $50.The Delaware LLC annual fee is $300, regardless of capitalization.Delaware does not tax intangible property such as leases or royalties (the “Delaware loophole”).ProtectionPiercing the corporate veil, or making individuals personally liable for claims against their business, is very unlikely in Delaware.Delaware explicitly makes the charging order the sole and exclusive remedy of creditors of LLC members, meaning that creditors of members can only receive distributions from the LLC, and not control foreclosure, or liquidation. Fast, Professional Delaware LLCIncorporation ServicesFill out a simple online formWe prepare and file your LLCYou receive your LLC package Get Started! Compare LLC Packages  Have a Question?Let us help! Can't find what you need and would like to ask us directly? Ask a Question now >>  Ask a Question First NameLast NameEmailPhoneQuestions  Thank YouThank you for submitting your question. Within 1 business day, you will be contacted by one of our agents. For faster service please call 800-759-2248 or email agents@incnow.com            




A-PLY-35-Fund, a series of Stonebridge Alpha LLC - Pooled Investment Fund- Assure Fund Management  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









A-PLY-35-Fund, a series of Stonebridge Alpha LLC

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    2150 S. 1300 E. Suite 360  
    Salt Lake City, UT, 84106Phone: 8017133508 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-12-22


New


$108,001


$108,001


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Llc Assure Fund Management 
 Director 


 Mateo Johnson 
 Executive 


 Jeremy Neilson 
 Executive 












A-PLY-35-Fund, a series of Stonebridge Alpha LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











A-PLY-35-Fund, a series of Stonebridge Alpha LLC
List of persons related to the company A-PLY-35-Fund, a series of Stonebridge Alpha LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of A-PLY-35-Fund, a series of Stonebridge Alpha LLC.

CIK Number: 0001691631Company address: PO BOX 171305  SALT LAKE CITY 84117Phone number: 8017133508



People related to A-PLY-35-Fund, a series of Stonebridge Alpha LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryNeilson  JeremyPO Box 171305 Salt Lake CityUTLLC  Assure Fund ManagementPO Box 171305 Salt Lake CityUTJohnson  MateoPO Box 171305 Salt Lake CityUT




A-PLY-35-Fund, a series of Stonebridge Alpha LLC on the Web












 

































Amazon.com: The Unlocked (Charlie Hartley Series Book 1) eBook: J.D. Stonebridge: Kindle Store






 























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Kindle Store



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






Buy a Kindle Kindle eBooks Kindle Unlimited Prime Reading Advanced Search Best Sellers & More  Kindle Book Deals Free Reading Apps Kindle Singles Newsstand Accessories Content and devices Kindle Support



























































































                Kindle Store
            


             ›
         


                Kindle eBooks
            


             ›
         


                 Teen & Young Adult
             

























                            Digital List Price:
                        


                                $2.99
                            




                            Kindle Price:
                        

                            $0.00 
                            
                            
                                
                                    Save $2.99 (100%)
                                

























            Buy now with 1-Click
            
                &reg







           Promotions apply when you purchase
        




        These promotions will be applied to this item:
    



        Some promotions may be combined; others are not eligible to be combined with other offers. For details, please see the Terms & Conditions associated with these promotions.
    






Deliver to your Kindle or other device





























                  Add to List
                  
              








                Added to
              










            Unable to add item to List. Please try again.
          

















                          Sorry, there was a problem.
                      

                          There was an error retrieving your Wish Lists. Please try again.
                      









                          Sorry, there was a problem.
                      

                          List unavailable.
                      

















	                                Enter a promotion code or Gift Card
	                            






Share


Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest

<Embed>



















































The Unlocked (Charlie Hartley Series Book 1)

                                    Kindle Edition
                                



            
            
            
                
                
                    
                    
                    by
	
    
    
        
        
        
            
        
        
        	
        	
    	

		
		
			








J.D. Stonebridge
									 
									(Author)



› Visit Amazon's J.D. Stonebridge Page


									Find all the books, read about the author, and more.
								

See search results for this author



											Are you an author?
											Learn about Author Central








J.D. Stonebridge



(Author)















4.3 out of 5 stars








37 customer reviews











Book 1 of 3 in Charlie Hartley Series (3 Book Series)










See all  formats and editions
Hide other formats and editions










                     Price
                




              New from
            

              Used from
            













Kindle




"Please retry"






$0.00 






                            —
                        

                            —
                        













Kindle 


      $0.00
    









                                Read with Our
                                
                                    Free App
                                



















 A childless couple, Sarah and Carl Hartley, become witnesses to a car accident along Pilgrims Highway. As the baby girl who they pulled out from the burning car grows up, they learn that little Charlene 'Charlie' Hartley is more special than they expected. From a very young age, Charlie developed a surprising ability to move items without touch.Seventeen years later, Charlie was already on her way to Harvard when she encounters an incident forcing her to use her hidden telekinetic powers. A new world of possibilities opens for Charlie as she is invited to become part of a special team of operatives composed of superhuman young adults like her. When the truth of her parentage is revealed, and the discovery that a young girl who resembled her is part of the institute for superhumans known as A.N.D.R.E.I., Charlie is tempted with the chance to be reunited with her biological sister.But within the secure walls of A.N.D.R.E.I, things aren’t all what they seem. And while she struggles to control her talent, a series of events lead Charlie to suspect the true motives of the government institution.  The more she searches for her sister, the more dangerous it becomes. Can she uncover the mystery behind A.N.D.R.E.I., before it’s too late?Best for Young Adults.Book 1: The UnlockedBook 2: The Enlightened











Read more
Read less













                        
                        
                        
                            
                            
                                
                                    

Length:


         263 pages
    



                        
                        
                        
                            
                            
                                
                                    

Word Wise: 


        Enabled
    










































 click to open popover 







      Books In This Series (3 Books)	
   


Page 1 of 1Start OverPage 1 of 1
Previous page




1





The Unlocked (Charlie Hartley Series Book 



          J.D. Stonebridge
        





4.3 out of 5 stars



    (37)
  



Kindle Edition


$0.00







2





The Enlightened (Charlie Hartley 



          J.D. Stonebridge
        





4.8 out of 5 stars



    (22)
  



Kindle Edition


$2.99







3





Erased (Charlie Hartley Series Book 



          J.D. Stonebridge
        





4.5 out of 5 stars



    (6)
  



Kindle Edition


$0.99



Next page






Complete Series








Charlie Hartley Series (3 Book Series)



          J.D. Stonebridge
        


Kindle Edition


$3.98







Enter your mobile number or email address below and we'll send you a link to download the free Kindle App. Then you can start reading Kindle books on your smartphone, tablet, or computer - no Kindle device required. 
 







Apple








Android








Windows Phone








Android







To get the free app, enter your mobile phone number.

   or
        











Download to your computer

  Mac 
  Windows 8, 8 RT and Modern UI 
  Windows 8 desktop, Windows 7, XP & Vista  





Kindle Cloud Reader

  Read instantly in your browser 













Customers who bought this item also boughtPage 1 of 1 Start overPage 1 of 1  
This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.
Back




            The Enlightened (Charlie Hartley Series Book 2)
        

J.D. Stonebridge


4.8 out of 5 stars

22

Kindle Edition$2.99 





            Erased (Charlie Hartley Series Book 3)
        

J.D. Stonebridge


4.5 out of 5 stars

6

Kindle Edition$0.99 





            Shattered Worlds
        

J.L. WeilKindle Edition$0.99 





            Fire and Fantasy
        

CK DawnKindle Edition$0.99 





            Win (The Atlantis Grail Book 3)
        

Vera Nazarian


4.8 out of 5 stars

125

Kindle Edition$4.99 





            Unchained: Feathers and Fire Book 1
        

Shayne Silvers


4.8 out of 5 stars

151

Kindle Edition$0.99 


Next





         Sponsored products related to this item  (What's this?)       Page  1  of  1     Start over       Sponsored Products are advertisements for products sold by merchants on Amazon.com. When you click on a Sponsored Product ad, you will be taken to an Amazon detail page where you can learn more about the product and purchase it.   To learn more about Amazon Sponsored Products, click here.              Feedback       The Gatekeeper's Sons (The Gatekeeper's Saga Book 1)   Eva Pohler   A teen becomes entangled with the gods of Mount Olympus when Thanatos wants to meet her. It's "sure to thrill Hunger Games fans"--Kirkus Reviews     4.1 out of 5 stars    374   Kindle Edition   $0.00              Feedback       The Crop   B C Bamber   An Insight into the Dark Heart of a Serial Killer... a thriller that will keep you reading and frightened until the end.     4.4 out of 5 stars    3   Kindle Edition   $0.00              Feedback       Lightning Blade (The Ruby Callaway Trilogy Book 1)   D.N. Erikson   A necromancer. An endless time loop. And one very snarky bounty hunter. Perfect for fans of Anita Blake, Mercy Thompson, and Kate Daniels.     4.4 out of 5 stars    88   Kindle Edition   $0.99              Feedback       Lewd Knights 3.0 Serpent Horizon: A Virtual Fantasy Romance Adventure (Book 3)   Eden Redd   Nearing the end of their quest, Jayson and his fellow knights must fight an unspeakable evil, their hearts the ultimate prize.   Kindle Edition   $3.99              Feedback       Before The After (The Earth Pact Saga Book 1)   Antoine Turpin   Kidnapped from Earth, placed in a tournament of death and fated to be the cause of the Earth's future destruction.Is James the saviour or destroyer?     5 out of 5 stars    1   Kindle Edition   $2.99              Feedback       Empty Quiver: Tales from the Crimson Son Universe   Russ Linton   State-sponsored superhumans known as Augments. Weapons created to end a war. One by one, they begin to ignore their handlers, the quiver emptying.     4.2 out of 5 stars    26   Kindle Edition   $0.00              Feedback       Vampire, Not Monster: Prequel to Angel's Guardian   Zeecé Lugo   Maxim prowls the NYC heights, hunting for his favorite prey: murderers, rapists, drug dealers. But on a hot, summer night, he finds the unexpected!     4.6 out of 5 stars    7   Kindle Edition   $0.00               Back         Next          Ad feedback    









Product details


File Size: 1709 KB
Print Length: 263 pages
Simultaneous Device Usage: Unlimited
Publication Date: October 20, 2014

Sold by: Amazon  Digital Services  LLC

Language: English
ASIN: B00OPOBDB2
Text-to-Speech: 

Enabled






X-Ray:




Not Enabled






Word Wise: Enabled
Lending: Enabled

Enhanced Typesetting:

Not Enabled





Amazon Best Sellers Rank: 






















#811 Free in Kindle Store (See Top 100 Free in Kindle Store)
 






























































































#9
in Kindle Store > Kindle eBooks > Science Fiction & Fantasy > Fantasy > Superhero


#12
in Kindle Store > Kindle eBooks > Teen & Young Adult > Science Fiction & Fantasy > Fantasy > Paranormal & Urban


#48
in Kindle Store > Kindle eBooks > Science Fiction & Fantasy > Fantasy > Paranormal & Urban



 
Would you like to tell us about a lower price?






















Customer reviews4.3 out of 5 stars374.3 out of 5 stars5 star46%4 star41%3 star13%2 star0%1 star0%Share your thoughts with other customersWrite a customer reviewSee all verified purchase reviewsTop customer reviews4.0 out of 5 starsStrong cliffhangers pulling me towards Book 2ByCat L.TOP 1000 REVIEWERon December 13, 2016Format: Kindle Edition|Verified PurchaseScience fiction, fantasy and YA are not the "typical" genre I am drawn to read. I was impressed and liked almost the entire book. I read it nearly straight through and enjoyed it enough to be reading the book 2 of the series.The plot was strong and the story line was unique and interesting enough that I was quickly page turning the entire time. I can see how this is an appealing book for the Young Adult crowd, though as a middle-ager I liked it too.I have only 2 critical things to say and they are minor compared to the overall positive parts of the book. I feel like the dialogue in the beginning chapters does not match the rest of the book. The conversation Charlie has with her parents seem pretty off for a person who is about to be going to college (and Harvard at that). The dialogue seems forced and does not really start the book off well. However, it really gets going after a short bit and seems to greatly improve.The end of the book gets a little drawn out just when you want it to have the quickest pace. The scenes where Charlie is battling almost everyone got me wanting to get through it because it slowed the action down too much.Overall the book was exciting and I look forward to finding out what happens next. Book 1 wraps up with just enough cliffhangers to keep the interest strong.Read more0Comment|
      2 people found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse3.0 out of 5 stars"The Unlocked"... The Pros and Cons... 3 to 3 1/2 StarsByR. Nicholsonon April 22, 2017Format: Kindle Edition|Verified Purchase"The Unlocked" is the first book in the 'Charlie Hartley Series' by author  J.D. Stonebridge.This Kindle e-book was approximately 263 printed pages and was free at the time of writing this review.General Theme (minor spoilers)Charlene (Charlie) Hartley is a girl with amazing special powers... telekinesis to be exact; the ability to move things with her mind. Rescued as an infant, after a horrific MVA which killed her parents, she was adopted by her rescuers... Carl and Sarah Hartley.Years later, when her 'talents' are discovered, she is recruited by a school that specializes in young adults with special, but still very undeveloped abilities.But what initially seems to be a great opportunity turns out to hold something completely different for our young heroine.Some thoughts on "The Unlocked"...The Pros:1.) this novel was very reminiscent of the X-Men series.2.) the storyline, once past the opening introductory sequence was crisp, unique and attention holding. It made me want to read on.3.) character development... decently done, but held back by 2.) belowThe Cons:1.a) the opening detailed the rather overly unrealistic relationship that Charlie and her adopted parents (unknown to her at this time) held. Just a series of too nice, too pleasant and 'everything coming up roses' scenarios. I very nearly gave up on this book after the Prologue and the first few chapters.1.b) however once Charlie got to the special school the storytelling improved many fold.2.a) dialogues... the weakest part of the entire book. All conversations seemed stiff, contrived and unrealistic... and this was a constant feature from beginning to end. And because of this perceived weakness the character development and relationships between individuals didn't keep pace with the seriousness and progressive intrigue of the story.2.b) the weak dialogues kept this from being much more than a Young Adult (YA) read. A subjective opinion on my part: other will likely disagree.Impressions:Despite my concerns, I liked the Charlie and her story and will continue to read the next volume. Hoping some of the forced and unnatural conversations will lessen.As it is... 3 to 3 1/2 StarsRay Nicholson@ralannicholsonRead more0Comment|
      One person found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuse4.0 out of 5 starsWhere Dreams May LeadByChristina Thompsonon April 17, 2017Format: Kindle Edition|Verified PurchaseCharlie Hartley's life seems to be perfect--her family loves her, her friends from the high school she is graduating from adore her, and she is headed to Harvard. Oh, she also has some telekinetic abilities--so, she can move some things, but it is more like one of those party tricks people pull out sometimes to impress people with. She just doesn't let people know that it is her party trick. The ability does illicit some anxiety from her parents, but only because they worry about her safety. What she wonders is if it runs in her family--but her parents don't seem to know about anyone that has.During a celebratory family vacation Charlie uses her abilities to protect a young woman who turns out to have a special ability too. A quick friendship is formed between the two girls. Their conversation also brings up some questions for Charlie. Someone out there looks just like her, could it be a cousin? Are there more people out there with abilities like Charlie?Those questions lead to more questions as Charlie's world shifts ever so slightly and the reality of her biological family comes to light.  In an attempt to discover more about who she is and what her powers can develop into Charlie attends a school for people like her. Is this just like the school that professor Xavier created or is something more sinister brewing between the glassed walls of the school?I was approached by the author about reading and reviewing this book-- though, in complete honesty because of the genre of this series I probably would have enjoyed the premise even if I had found it myself. The dialogue between the characters in the beginning of the book seemed a little forced and too perfect but as the book continued the conversations between characters evened out and became more natural, so much so that I stopped noticing completely and was just sucked into the plot.I definitely am interested in finding out how Charlie, Madison and Hillary return to the school, how Charlie helps her sister and how the outside team helps the girls. A cliffhanger has left me wanting to know more about the characters that I have become connected with.Read more0Comment|
      One person found this helpful.
    
  Was this review helpful to you?YesNoReport abuseSee all verified purchase reviews (newest first)Write a customer review

Most recent customer reviews4.0 out of 5 starsEnjoyable first book in seriesThe Unlocked by J.D. Stonebridge, the first book of the Charlie Hartley Series, will leave you wanting to know the rest of the story.Read morePublished 13 days ago by Jane V. Blanchard4.0 out of 5 starsI really liked it once I got further into the bookI was requested by the author to read and review this book.  I really liked it once I got further into the book.  The first few chapters were slow moving.Read morePublished 19 days ago by Amazon Customer4.0 out of 5 starsInteresting paranormal storyTwin sisters separated after a tragedy grow up.  They find out they have special abilities.  Then one twin goes in search of the other.  She finds deception and betrayal.Read morePublished 1 month ago by 2happydragons5.0 out of 5 starsFell crazy in love with everything about this book!Oh my goodness, I just read this book in a matter of just a couple days. I didn't want to ever stop and I can't wait to read the two books that follow this series!!Read morePublished 1 month ago by Sabrina Johannes4.0 out of 5 starsBook Review: The Unlocked by J.D. StonebridgeBeverly Hills, 90210 meets The X-MenCharlene "Charlie" Hartley is about to graduate High School and go off to college when her secret catches the attention of...Read morePublished 1 month ago by Nicholas Adams5.0 out of 5 starsGood, enjoyable story!This book will have science fiction readers hooked from the very first sentence! Great story for young adults, it includes some good suspense and an interesting plot. Recommended.Published 1 month ago by Laylah5.0 out of 5 starsGreat story for the young adult paranormal fan...J. D. Stonebridge has done it! This is one of the best, most masterfully written books I have had the privilege to read in a long time.Read morePublished 1 month ago by Kindle Customer3.0 out of 5 starsGood story, but...The author of this book contacted me and asked if I would like to do a review. I don't think I was the intended audience for this book, I think it is meant for young adults.Read morePublished 2 months ago by Awallens4.0 out of 5 starsSuper Humans!This is the first time this reviewer has read about super humans! The book was interesting enough to keep the pages turning, but honestly, if you are not into Science Fiction or...Read morePublished 3 months ago by Dixie Howell3.0 out of 5 starsAn on the fence opinionThe following review of JD Stonebridge's "The Unlocked" is middling, on the fence. However, it hinges on how much weight you would put behind story and development Vs.Read morePublished 3 months ago by Duncan P. PaceySearch customer reviewsSearch









Customers who viewed this item also viewedPage 1 of 1 Start overPage 1 of 1  
This shopping feature will continue to load items. In order to navigate out of this carousel please use your heading shortcut key to navigate to the next or previous heading.
Back




            Coby Collins - Book One: An Adventure for Kids Ages 7-12
        

Justin Johnson


4.5 out of 5 stars

39

Kindle Edition$0.00 





            The Enlightened (Charlie Hartley Series Book 2)
        

J.D. Stonebridge


4.8 out of 5 stars

22

Kindle Edition$2.99 





            Erased (Charlie Hartley Series Book 3)
        

J.D. Stonebridge


4.5 out of 5 stars

6

Kindle Edition$0.99 





            Ripley’s RBI 01: Scaly Tale (Ripley's RBI)
        

Ripley's Believe It Or


4.4 out of 5 stars

339

Kindle Edition$0.00 





            The Drogue (The Tréaltha Series Book 1)
        

M.A. Nichols


4.0 out of 5 stars

12

Kindle Edition$2.99 





            Robbed of Soul: (A Paranormal Mystery- Legends of Treasure)
        

Lois D. Brown


4.5 out of 5 stars

125

Kindle Edition$0.99 


Next





What other items do customers buy after viewing this item?










Twisted: The Girl Who Uncovered Rumpelstiltskin's Name
Kindle Edition

Bonnie M Hennessy


4.5 out of 5 stars

142

$0.00 









Deception (The Transformed Series Book 1)
Kindle Edition

Stacy Claflin


4.3 out of 5 stars

445

$0.00 









Alpha (Forever Book 1)
Kindle Edition

Regan Ure


4.1 out of 5 stars

109

$0.00 









Hunt (Freya Snow Book 1)
Kindle Edition

L.C. Mawson


4.3 out of 5 stars

22

$0.00 










Look for similar items by category


Books > Science Fiction & Fantasy > Fantasy > Paranormal & Urban
Books > Science Fiction & Fantasy > Fantasy > Superheroes
Books > Teen & Young Adult > Science Fiction & Fantasy > Fantasy > Paranormal & Urban
Kindle Store > Kindle eBooks > Science Fiction & Fantasy > Fantasy > Paranormal & Urban
Kindle Store > Kindle eBooks > Science Fiction & Fantasy > Fantasy > Superhero
Kindle Store > Kindle eBooks > Teen & Young Adult > Science Fiction & Fantasy > Fantasy > Paranormal & Urban







 







Feedback




    
	  If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, contact us.
	  



          Would you like to report poor quality or formatting in this book?
        
	  
          Click here
	  



          Would you like to report this content as inappropriate?
        
	  
          Click here
	  


    
	  Do you believe that this item violates a copyright?
	  	  Click here






















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started









































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.







Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates












...











 




	Probabilities Fund Management - People



























a registered investment advisor

Optimizing Your InvestmentsTM

Receive Our Correspondence







Home
Strategies

Probabilities Fund
Sector Rotation
Almanac Trader


In the News
Research

Seasonal Strategist
Stock Trader's Almanac


Almanac Trader


Seasonal Switching Strategy


Custom logo 2016 STA





Contact us




people


Portfolio Managers


JOSEPH B. CHILDREY - Founder & Chief Investment Officer

                        Mr. Childrey developed an investment philosophy that incorporates the principles of behavioral finance and trend following. He launched and managed the Probabilities Fund L.P., a long/short hedge fund, for six years before converting the fund to a mutual fund. Mr. Childrey served private and institutional clients at Wells Fargo/AG Edwards for 15 years, starting his career at PaineWebber. An inventor, Mr. Childrey co-invented with Jon Jewitt a patented product in the consumer electronics industry that is marketed and sold worldwide. Mr. Childrey graduated from Western Maryland College with a BA in Sociology.
                    


JONATHAN L. CHATFIELD, CFA - Chief Portfolio Manager
Mr. Chatfield has over 20 years of experience in the investment management industry. He has served previously as a portfolio manager and investment management consultant and has developed computer software for the financial services industry. Mr. Chatfield holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation and is a member of the CFA Society of San Diego and the CFA Institute. He received a BS in Agricultural and Managerial Economics from the University of California, Davis.



Executives


MARY GRAY - Chief Operating Officer
Mrs. Gray has over 20 years of experience in the financial services industry and personally worked with Mr. Childrey for 10 years while both were at Wells Fargo. With expertise in operations, compliance, and client service she has established an efficient, client-centered culture in the organization. Mrs. Gray currently holds Series 7, Series 63 and Series 65 securities licenses.





Independent Research Consultants


JEFFREY A. HIRSCH - Editor Of The Stock Trader’s Almanac, Research Consultant
Mr. Hirsch is CEO of Hirsch Holdings, editor-in-chief of the Stock Trader's Almanac and Almanac Investor eNewsletter at www.stocktradersalmanac.com and author of The Little Book of Stock Market Cycles (Wiley, 2012) and Super Boom: Why the Dow Will Hit 38,820 and How You Can Profit from It (Wiley, 2011). A 25-year Wall Street veteran he took over from founder Yale Hirsch in 2001. Mr. Hirsch is a Yahoo Finance contributor and regularly appears on CNBC, Bloomberg, Fox Business, and many other financial media outlets.



ALLEN SHEPARD, PHD  - Research Consultant
Dr. Shepard co-developed the Fund's investment strategy with Mr. Childrey and has served as an outside consultant to the investment committee since the firm's inception. Dr. Shepard has developed proprietary hedging models for use in managing preferred and fixed-income securities, and is currently Vice President and Senior Risk Analyst at Stonebridge Advisors. Dr. Shepard held positions as a Gibbs instructor in the Mathematics Department at Yale University. He received his PhD in Mathematics from Brown University and a BA in Mathematics from Hampshire College.



ROBERT D. AUSDAL JR., CFA - Research Consultant
Mr. Ausdal has over 35 years’ experience with Ausdal Financial Partners Inc., a Davenport, IA based FINRA member broker dealer and SEC registered investment advisory firm with over 250 registered representatives located throughout the Unites States. He currently serves as Ausdal’s President, where in addition to his CEO duties he is responsible for the management and development of the firm’s proprietary asset management programs. Mr. Ausdal is a Chartered Financial Analyst and is a member of the CFA Institute. He received a BA in Finance from the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign.








©2017 Probabilities Fund Management LLC 

Home | Disclaimer | ADV
a registered investment advisor










 

	First Trust Preferred Securities and Income ETF (FPE)




































First Trust Preferred Securities and Income ETF (FPE)








Investment Objective/Strategy - The First Trust Preferred Securities and Income ETF is an actively managed exchange-traded fund. The fund's investment objective is to seek total return and to provide current income.  Under normal market conditions, the fund invests at least 80% of its net assets (including investment borrowings) in preferred securities and income-producing debt securities including corporate bonds, high yield securities and convertible securities.


        There can be no assurance that the Fund's investment objectives will be achieved.
    






Fund Overview


TickerFPE

Fund TypePreferred Income

Investment AdvisorFirst Trust Advisors L.P.

Investor Servicing AgentBrown Brothers Harriman

Portfolio Manager/Sub-AdvisorStonebridge Advisors LLC

CUSIP33739E108

ISINUS33739E1082

Intraday NAVFPEIV

Fiscal Year-End10/31

ExchangeNYSE Arca

Inception2/11/2013

Inception Price$19.99

Inception NAV$19.99

Expense Ratio0.85%












Current Fund Data (as of 7/21/2017)


Closing NAV1$20.09

Closing Share Price2$20.08

Bid/Ask Midpoint$20.08

Bid/Ask Discount0.09%

Total Net Assets$2,474,454,969

Outstanding Shares123,155,000

Daily Volume630,043

Average 30-Day Daily Volume761,386

Closing Share Price 52-Week High/Low$20.12 / $18.80

Closing NAV 52-Week High/Low$20.12 / $18.79

Number of Holdings204







Fund Characteristics (as of 6/30/2017)


Weighted Average Effective Duration74.06 Years

% Institutional Securities (e.g. $1000 par)865.14%

% Retail Securities (e.g. $25 par)934.86%







Top Holdings (as of 7/24/2017)


Holding
Percent


GMAC Capital Trust I, Series 2, Variable Rate, Due 02/15/2040
2.28%


EMERA INC Variable rate, due 06/15/2076
2.03%


ENEL SPA Variable rate, due 09/24/2073
1.98%


ENBRIDGE ENERGY PARTNERS 8.05%, due 10/01/2037
1.84%


Morgan Stanley, Series F, 6.875%, Variable Rate
1.57%


The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., Series K, 6.375%, Variable Rate
1.57%


ROYAL BK SCOTLND GRP PLC Variable rate
1.51%


BARCLAYS PLC Variable rate
1.46%


WELLS FARGO & COMPANY Series K, Preferred, Variable rate
1.45%


INTESA SANPAOLO SPA Variable rate
1.42%



Holdings are subject to change.





Security Type Breakdown (as of 6/30/2017)


Security
Percent


Fixed-to-Floating Rate Securities
66.96%


Fixed Rate Securities
22.07%


Floating Rate Securities
10.97%










NAV History (Since Inception)




Past performance is not indicative of future results.






Overall Morningstar RatingTM (as of 6/30/2017)3


Among 41 funds in the Preferred Stock category.  This fund was rated 4 stars/41 funds (3 years).





Distribution Information


Dividend per Share Amt4$0.0763

30-Day SEC Yield  (as of 6/30/2017)55.09%

12-Month Distribution Rate  (as of 6/30/2017)65.51%






Bid/Ask Midpoint vs. NAV (as of 6/30/2017)
Number of Days Bid/Ask Midpoint Above NAV


Quarter Ended
0-49Basis Points
50-99Basis Points
100-199Basis Points
>=200Basis Points


6/30/2017
58
0
0
0


3/31/2017
58
0
0
0


12/31/2016
57
1
0
0


9/30/2016
59
0
0
0


Number of Days Bid/Ask Midpoint Below NAV


Quarter Ended
0-49Basis Points
50-99Basis Points
100-199Basis Points
>=200Basis Points


6/30/2017
5
0
0
0


3/31/2017
4
0
0
0


12/31/2016
5
0
0
0


9/30/2016
5
0
0
0



        The price used to calculate market return is determined by using the midpoint between the highest bid and the lowest offer on the stock exchange, on which shares of the Fund are listed for trading, as of the time that the Fund's NAV is calculated.
    




Top Country Breakdown (as of 7/24/2017)


Country
Percent


United States
55.82%


United Kingdom
8.18%


France
6.82%


Canada
5.07%


Italy
4.83%


Ireland
3.43%


Bermuda
3.25%


The Netherlands
2.85%


Australia
2.34%


Switzerland
2.06%










Credit Quality (as of 6/30/2017)







                                    A
                                

                                    0.49%
                                



                                    A-
                                

                                    2.05%
                                



                                    BBB+
                                

                                    7.44%
                                



                                    BBB
                                

                                    16.69%
                                



                                    BBB-
                                

                                    21.50%
                                



                                    BB+
                                

                                    26.13%
                                



                                    BB
                                

                                    8.73%
                                



                                    BB-
                                

                                    5.80%
                                



                                    B+
                                

                                    4.44%
                                



                                    B
                                

                                    0.05%
                                



                                    B-
                                

                                    0.12%
                                



                                    NR
                                

                                    6.56%
                                










			
                    The credit quality and ratings information presented above reflect the ratings assigned by one or more nationally recognized statistical rating organizations (NRSROs), including Standard & Poor's Rating Group, a division of the McGraw Hill Companies, Inc., Moody's Investors Service, Inc., Fitch Ratings, or a comparably rated NRSRO. For situations in which a security is rated by more than one NRSRO and the ratings are not equivalent, the highest ratings are used. Sub-investment grade ratings are those rated BB+/Ba1 or lower. Investment grade ratings are those rated BBB-/Baa3 or higher. The credit ratings shown relate to the creditworthiness of the issuers of the underlying securities in the Fund, and not to the Fund or its shares. Credit ratings are subject to change.
                
		





Top Industry Exposure (as of 7/24/2017)







                                    Banks
                                

                                    36.44%
                                



                                    Insurance
                                

                                    14.91%
                                



                                    Capital Markets
                                

                                    10.59%
                                



                                    Oil, Gas & Consumable Fuels
                                

                                    7.11%
                                



                                    Electric Utilities
                                

                                    6.34%
                                



                                    Food Products
                                

                                    4.36%
                                



                                    Diversified Financial Services
                                

                                    3.64%
                                



                                    Consumer Finance
                                

                                    3.39%
                                



                                    Equity Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)
                                

                                    2.56%
                                



                                    Diversified Telecommunication Services
                                

                                    2.31%
                                














Month End Performance (as of 6/30/2017)


 
3 Mos
YTD
1 Year
3 Year
5 Year
10 Year
SinceFundInception10




                            Fund Performance *




Net Asset Value (NAV)
3.82%
8.35%
10.80%
7.43%
N/A
N/A
5.76%


After Tax Held
3.20%
7.05%
8.12%
4.76%
N/A
N/A
3.21%


After Tax Sold
2.16%
4.70%
6.04%
4.42%
N/A
N/A
3.18%


Market Price
3.81%
8.33%
11.13%
7.50%
N/A
N/A
5.80%






                            Index Performance 
                        



BofA Merrill Lynch Fixed Rate Preferred Securities Index
3.35%
8.73%
5.86%
7.23%
N/A
N/A
6.38%


BofA Merrill Lynch U.S. Capital Securities Index
3.54%
7.12%
8.62%
4.66%
N/A
N/A
6.00%


Blended Benchmark
3.44%
7.92%
7.24%
5.95%
N/A
N/A
6.21%






Quarter End Performance (as of 6/30/2017)


 
3 Mos
YTD
1 Year
3 Year
5 Year
10 Year
SinceFundInception10




                            Fund Performance *




Net Asset Value (NAV)
3.82%
8.35%
10.80%
7.43%
N/A
N/A
5.76%


After Tax Held
3.20%
7.05%
8.12%
4.76%
N/A
N/A
3.21%


After Tax Sold
2.16%
4.70%
6.04%
4.42%
N/A
N/A
3.18%


Market Price
3.81%
8.33%
11.13%
7.50%
N/A
N/A
5.80%






                            Index Performance 
                        



BofA Merrill Lynch Fixed Rate Preferred Securities Index
3.35%
8.73%
5.86%
7.23%
N/A
N/A
6.38%


BofA Merrill Lynch U.S. Capital Securities Index
3.54%
7.12%
8.62%
4.66%
N/A
N/A
6.00%


Blended Benchmark
3.44%
7.92%
7.24%
5.95%
N/A
N/A
6.21%






3-Year Statistics (as of 6/30/2017)


 
Standard Deviation
Alpha
Beta
Sharpe Ratio
Correlation


FPE
3.77%
1.61
0.96
1.83
0.95


BofA Merrill Lynch Fixed Rate Preferred Securities Index
4.09%
1.06
1.03
1.64
0.94


BofA Merrill Lynch U.S. Capital Securities Index
3.90%
-1.06
0.97
1.09
0.93


Blended Benchmark
3.74%
---
1.00
1.47
1.00



Standard Deviation is a measure of price variability (risk). Alpha is an indication of how much an investment outperforms or underperforms 
			    on a risk-adjusted basis relative to its benchmark.Beta is a measure of price variability relative to the market. Sharpe Ratio is a measure 
			    of excess reward per unit of volatility. Correlation is a measure of the similarity of performance.
			









				*Performance data quoted represents past performance. Past performance is not a guarantee of future
				results and current performance may be higher or lower than performance quoted. Investment returns
				and principal value will fluctuate and shares when sold or redeemed, may be worth more or less than
				their original cost. 
				

 
				After Tax Held returns represent return after taxes on distributions. Assumes shares have not been sold.
				After Tax Sold returns represent the return after taxes on distributions and the sale of fund shares. Returns
				do not represent the returns you would receive if you traded shares at other times. Market Price returns are 
                based on the midpoint of the bid/ask spread on the stock exchange on which shares of the fund are listed for 
                trading as of the time that the fund’s NAV is calculated. Returns are average annualized total returns, except
				those for periods of less than one year, which are cumulative.  
			

				After-tax returns are calculated using the historical highest individual federal marginal income tax rates and
				do not reflect the impact of state and local taxes. Actual after-tax returns depend on the investor’s tax
				situation and may differ from those shown. The after-tax returns shown are not relevant to investors who hold
				their fund shares through tax-deferred arrangements such as 401(k) plans or individual retirement accounts.
			


			 
			Indexes do not charge management fees or brokerage expenses, and no such fees or expenses were deducted from the performance shown. Indexes are unmanaged and an investor cannot invest directly in an index.
		



The expense ratio for this fund is 0.85%.






BofA Merrill Lynch Fixed Rate Preferred Securities Index - The Index tracks the performance of fixed rate US dollar denominated preferred securities issued in the US domestic market.BofA Merrill Lynch U.S. Capital Securities Index - The Index is a subset of the BofA Merrill Lynch U.S. Corporate Index including all fixed-to-floating rate, perpetual callable and capital securities.Blended Benchmark - The Blended Benchmark consists of a 50/50 blend of the BofA Merrill Lynch Fixed Rate Preferred Securities Index and the BofA Merrill Lynch U.S. Capital Securities Index. The Blended Benchmark was added to reflect the diverse allocation of institutional preferred and hybrid securities in the fund's portfolio. The indexes do not charge management fees or brokerage expenses, and no such fees or expenses were deducted from the performance shown.








Footnotes


1
The NAV represents the fund's net assets (assets less liabilities) divided by the fund's outstanding shares .


2
Fund shares are purchased and sold on an exchange at their share price rather than net asset value (NAV), which may cause the shares to trade at a price greater than NAV (premium) or less than NAV (discount).


3
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods.


4
Most recent distribution paid or declared to today's date. Subject to change in the future. There is no guarantee that the fund will declare dividends.


5
The 30-day SEC yield is calculated by dividing the net investment income per share earned during the most recent 30-day period by the maximum offering price per share on the last day of the period and includes the effects of fee waivers and expense reimbursements, if applicable.


6
12-Month Distribution Rate is calculated by dividing the sum of the fund's trailing 12-month ordinary distributions paid or declared by the NAV price. Distribution rates may vary.


7
A measure of a bond's sensitivity to interest rate changes that reflects the change in a bond's price given a change in yield.  It accounts for the likelihood of changes in the timing of cash flows in response to interest rate movements.


8
Institutional Securities are predominantly $1000 par securities and only trade over-the-counter.


9
Retail Securities are predominantly $25 par securities but also include exchange-traded $20, $50, and $100 par securities.


10
Inception Date is 2/11/2013









You should consider the fund's investment objectives, risks, and charges and expenses carefully before investing. You can download a prospectus or summary prospectus, or contact First Trust Portfolios L.P. at 1-800-621-1675 to request a prospectus or summary prospectus which contains this and other information about the fund. The prospectus or summary prospectus should be read carefully before investing.





        ETF Characteristics
    

		The fund lists and principally trades its shares on the NYSE Arca, Inc.	
	

		Investors buying or selling fund shares on the secondary market may incur customary brokerage commissions. 
		Market prices may differ to some degree from the net asset value of the shares. Investors who sell fund shares may receive less than the share's net 
		asset value. Shares may be sold throughout the day on the exchange through any brokerage account. However, unlike mutual funds, shares may only be 
		redeemed directly from the fund by authorized participants, in very large creation/redemption units. If the fund's authorized participants are unable 
        to proceed with creation/redemption orders and no other authorized participant is able to step forward to create or redeem, fund shares may trade at 
        a discount to the fund's net asset value and possibly face delisting.	
	





Risk Considerations




    The fund's shares will change in value and you could lose money by investing in the fund. The fund is subject to management risk because it is an actively managed portfolio. In managing the fund's investment portfolio, the sub-advisor will apply investment techniques and risk analyses that may not have the desired result. There can be no assurance that the fund's investment objectives will be achieved.
    

    The fund is subject to market risk. Market risk is the risk that a particular security owned by the fund or shares of the fund in general may fall in value. Some of the securities held by the fund may be illiquid.


    Preferred securities combine some of the characteristics of both common stocks and bonds. Preferred securities are typically subordinated to bonds and other debt instruments in a company's capital structure, in terms of priority to corporate income, and therefore will be subject to greater credit risk than those debt instruments. Preferred securities are also subject to credit risk, interest rate risk and income risk. Credit risk is the risk that an issuer of a security will be unable or unwilling to make dividend, interest and/or principal payments when due and that the value of a security may decline as a result. Interest rate risk is the risk that the value of fixed-income securities in the fund will decline because of rising market interest rates. Income risk is the risk that income from the fund's portfolio could decline if interest rates fall.


    The fund may invest in high yield securities, or "junk" bonds, which are subject to greater market fluctuations and risk of loss than securities with higher ratings, and therefore, may be highly speculative. The market for high yield securities is smaller and less liquid than that for investment grade securities.


    The fund is concentrated in securities of companies in the financial sector which involves additional risks, including limited diversification. Financial companies are especially subject to the adverse effects of economic recession, currency exchange rates, government regulation, decreases in the availability of capital, volatile interest rates, portfolio concentrations in geographic markets and in commercial and residential real estate loans, and competition from new entrants in their fields of business.


    The fund may invest in REITs. Companies involved in the real estate industry are subject to changes in the real estate market, vacancy rates and competition, volatile interest rates and economic recession.


    An investment in a fund containing securities of non-U.S. issuers is subject to additional risks, including currency fluctuations, political risks, withholding, the lack of adequate financial information, and exchange control restrictions impacting non-U.S. issuers.


    The fund may invest in depositary receipts which may be less liquid than the underlying shares in their primary trading market. The fund may effect a portion of creations and redemptions for cash, rather than in-kind securities. As a result, the fund may be less tax-efficient.


    The fund is classified as "non-diversified" and may invest a relatively high percentage of its assets in a limited number of issuers. As a result, the fund may be more susceptible to a single adverse economic or regulatory occurrence affecting one or more of these issuers, experience increased volatility and be highly concentrated in certain issuers.


    First Trust Advisors L.P. is the adviser to the fund. First Trust Advisors L.P. is an affiliate of First Trust Portfolios L.P., the fund's distributor.










©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Morningstar RatingTM information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar;(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.



        Not FDIC Insured • Not Bank Guaranteed • May Lose Value
    














Chase Coleman's Tiger Portfolio Update: 13F Filing | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Chase Coleman's Tiger Portfolio Update: 13F FilingDec. 21, 2009 12:14 PM ET|| Includes: AABA, AIRV, CVC, DISCA, EA, ETFC, MCD, MON, PEP, QCOM, TDGby: Market FollyMarket Folly 
This is the third quarter 2009 edition of our hedge fund portfolio tracking series. If you're unfamiliar with tracking hedge fund movements or SEC filings, check out our series preface on hedge fund 13F filings.  The next hedge fund in our series is Chase Coleman's Tiger Global. Coleman is a 'Tiger Cub' because he learned to ply his trade under mentor Julian Robertson at Tiger Management. However, Coleman is also a 'Tiger Seed' in that he is one of the few managers that Robertson actually seeded himself in an effort to recognize talent. Tiger Global is one of the hedge funds that comprises the Tiger Cub Portfolio created with Alphaclone where you can replicate their positions and enjoy 15.5% annualized returns since 2000.  Here's some Wall Street trivia for you: Which hedge fund manager is a descendant of Peter Stuyvesant, the man who built the wall that gave Wall Street its name? Yep, Chase Coleman. Chase attended Williams College and his focus in the markets has always been on smaller cap names and on technology. Although, he has since expanded his horizons. In 2007, Tiger Global returned 70%, and from 2001-2007 Coleman returned 47% on average. This year started off rough for Tiger as financial and REIT short positions hurt portfolio performance, something they talked about in a past investor letter. In terms of recent portfolio activity out of Tiger, we've seen them selling Longtop Financial shares for quite some time now.  Keep in mind that the positions listed below were Tiger's long equity, note, and options holdings as of September 30th, 2009 as filed with the SEC. We don't cover every single portfolio maneuver, as we instead focus on all the big moves. All holdings are common stock unless otherwise denoted.   Some New Positions  Brand new positions that they initiated last quarter: PepsiCo (NYSE:PEP) Monsanto (NYSE:MON) Yahoo (YHOO) Electronic Arts (ERTS) McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Airvana (AIRV)   Some Increased Positions Positions they already owned but added shares to: Discovery Communications (NASDAQ:DISCA): Increased position by 137.7% ETrade Financial (NASDAQ:ETFC): Increased by 80% Cablevision (NYSE:CVC): Increased by 2.8% Transdigm (NYSE:TDG): Increased by 25.4% Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM): Increased by 22.3%   Some Reduced Positions Stakes they sold shares in but still own: Gushan (NYSE:GU): Reduced position by 55.3% Longtop Financial (NYSE:LFT): Reduced by 52% Priceline (NASDAQ:PCLN): Reduced by 40% Advisory Board Company (NASDAQ:ABCO): Reduced by 35.4% American Tower (NYSE:AMT): Reduced by 31% Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL): Reduced by 29.3% Teradata (NYSE:TDC): Reduced by 27.4% Visa (NYSE:V): Reduced by 21.8% Lorillard (NYSE:LO): Reduced by 12%   Removed Positions Positions they sold out of completely: Philip Morris International (NYSE:PM) Gymboree (NASDAQ:GYMB) Partnerre (NYSE:PRE) Crown Holdings (NYSE:CCK) Broadridge (NYSE:BR) Altria Group (NYSE:MO) Green Mountain Coffee Roasters (NASDAQ:GMCR) Cognizant Technology (NASDAQ:CTSH) JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) Netezza (NZ) Solarwinds (NYSE:SWI)   Top 15 Holdings by percentage of assets reported on 13F filing  Mastercard (NYSE:MA): 10.31% Google (NASDAQ:GOOG): 10.02% Lorillard (LO): 8.06% Pepsico (PEP): 6.87% Visa (V): 5.91% Transdigm (TDG): 5.85% Priceline (PCLN): 5.45% Mercadolibre (NASDAQ:MELI): 5.23% Monsanto (MON): 5.12% American Tower (AMT): 4.18% Longtop Financial (LFT): 4.17% Yahoo (YHOO): 4.04% Discovery Communications (NASDAQ:DISCK): 3.31% Qualcomm (QCOM): 3.27% Cablevision (CVC): 2.82%   Notable moves in hedge fund Tiger Global's portfolio include starting a brand new stake in PepsiCo (PEP) and bringing it up to their fourth largest holding. This could possibly be arbitrage driven as John Paulson's hedge fund Paulson & Co detailed some Pepsi arbitrage in their investor letter. Additionally, Tiger's new stakes in Yahoo (YHOO) and Monsanto (MON) were pretty sizable and are worth mentioning as well. Their position in Priceline (PCLN) certainly fared well for them as shares have risen sharply over the past few months. As such, they've reduced their position in it by 40%.  Another change worth mentioning is their continued selling of Longtop Financial. We've detailed those sales right after they've happened given that Tiger had to file amended 13D's on this position each time a major sale took place. They also sold off nearly a third of their American Tower (AMT) position and we mention this because shares of AMT have been a favorite stock amongst hedge funds, and particularly amongst Tiger Cub hedge funds. The only major position they sold completely out of was Philip Morris (PM), but even that was only a marginal position for them in the past, at 2.89% of the portfolio previously.  Assets from the collective holdings reported to the SEC via 13F filing were $2.38 billion this quarter compared to $2.15 billion last quarter. Please keep in mind that when we state "percentage of portfolio," we are referring to the percentage of assets reported on the 13F filing. Since these filings only report longs (and not shorts or cash positions), the percentages are skewed. Also, please again note that these positions were as of September 30th so two months have elapsed and they've undoubtedly shifted around their portfolio since then.  This is just one of the 40+ prominent funds that we'll be covering in our Q3 2009 hedge fund portfolio series. We've already covered Seth Klarman's Baupost Group Bill Ackman's Pershing Square, Stephen Mandel's Lone Pine Capital, Dan Loeb's Third Point LLC, David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital, John Paulson's firm Paulson & Co, Lee Ainslie's Maverick Capital and Andreas Halvorsen's Viking Global so check back daily as we'll be covering new hedge fund portfolios.
About this article:ExpandTagged: Investing Ideas, Fund HoldingsWant to share your opinion on this article? Add a comment.Disagree with this article? Submit your own.To report a factual error in this article, click hereFollow Market Folly and get email alerts





Stock Ideas | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Stock IdeasBoeing 787 Needs Aggressive Cost CuttingBA• Today, 7:00 AM • Dhierin BechaiProcter & Gamble: Pretty GoodPG• Today, 6:45 AM • Marc GersteinBuyer's Remorse Part II: The Pakistani Coup D'EtatPCMI• Today, 6:32 AM • Rota FortunaeTheMaven Updates Large Insider Share RegistrationMVEN• Today, 6:09 AM • Donovan JonesCoty, Inc.: Getting Serious About China Through E-CommerceCOTY• Today, 6:00 AM • Willow Street InvestmentsAmazon - The Many Thematic Tailwinds Pushing It ForwardAMZN• Today, 5:53 AM • Tematica Research•4 CommentsIs Teranga Gold Still A Solid Growth Stock?TGCDF• Today, 5:27 AM • Gold Mining Bull•3 CommentsThis Is Ground Control To Exchange Income, Your Equity Is CrashingEIFZF• Today, 5:19 AM • Bank On InsightTableau Needs To Move Beyond Data VisualizationDATA• Today, 5:16 AM • Prasanna RajagopalQualcomm Should Pay More For NXP Semiconductors - Cramer's Lightning Round (7/24/17)MAR, K, CVNA• Today, 5:07 AM • SA Editor Mohit ManghnaniFarmland Partners Inc. Is Poised For Long-Term GrowthFPI• Today, 4:53 AM • Nicholas Klemm•1 CommentCliffs: Majors' Production Reports Point To UpsideCLF• Today, 4:43 AM • Vladimir Zernov•5 CommentsTesla: The 'Ludicrous' Demand Growth Of Model STSLA• Today, 2:39 AM • BEV Consulting•13 CommentsVisa: We Called $100V• Today, 2:24 AM • RobinhoodStrategy•3 CommentsKnowles Corporation: A Solid Investment IdeaKN• Today, 1:45 AM • The Knife Catcher•1 CommentFeeling Defensive? The Best Way To Own Gold, 'Bar' NoneFNV, OR, WPM• Today, 1:29 AM • Joseph L. Shaefer•4 CommentsMomo 8.0: The Unavoidable ChangeMOMO• Yesterday, 11:39 PM • Ang Shen•3 CommentsSamsung Wants A Piece Of TSMCSSNLF, TSM• Yesterday, 10:36 PM • Mark Hibben•8 CommentsSiemens Is Cheap And Healthineers Helps To Unlock The ValueSIEGY• Yesterday, 10:24 PM • Wubbe Bos•5 CommentsSnap: The Next Twitter?SNAP• Yesterday, 8:58 PM • Activist Stocks•25 CommentsMalone's Trading Record Bodes Well For Liberty Latin AmericaLILA, LILAK• Yesterday, 8:56 PM • Global Value Scanner•1 CommentBaidu: Strong Upside, A Short-Term Trigger And A Bright FutureBIDU• Yesterday, 8:09 PM • Value Investigator•9 CommentsWhy You Should Sell Your Apple Shares Before The Next iPhone ReleaseAAPL• Yesterday, 7:42 PM • Michael A. Ball•96 CommentsTesla's Attempts To Raid California Coffers Unlikely To Be FruitfulTSLA• Yesterday, 7:36 PM • EnerTuition•100 CommentsLook Beyond The Storm Clouds Hovering Over Silicon MotionEditors' Pick • SIMO• Yesterday, 7:14 PM • Jenks Jumps•3 CommentsWhat To Look For In Magellan Midstream Partners' Results For Q2 2017MMP• Yesterday, 7:03 PM • Ron HiramGroupon Should Still Have A Place In Your Long-Term PortfolioGRPN• Yesterday, 6:45 PM • Julie Kent•5 CommentsTesla, Batteries And Mobility: A Challenge For AutomakersTSLA• Yesterday, 6:40 PM • Carmi Turchick•103 CommentsApple iPhone 8 Expectations Trending Lower Ahead Of EarningsAAPL• Yesterday, 5:45 PM • Alex Cho•33 CommentsVerdict In: Natural Gas Trumps 'Clean Coal'SO• Yesterday, 5:42 PM • Michael Fitzsimmons•47 CommentsMicrosoft: Shareholders Are Set To Benefit From This StockMSFT• Yesterday, 5:27 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•14 Comments3 New Developments Give Hope For Type I Diabetes SufferersCLBS• Yesterday, 4:59 PM • Christiana Friedman•3 CommentsArtificial Intelligence: The New Impulse For AlphabetGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 4:34 PM • Oleh Kombaiev•14 CommentsApple Is Likely To Switch To In-House ScreensAAPL• Yesterday, 4:16 PM • Roman Luzgin•18 CommentsVisa - Unphased By Economic 'Bad News'V• Yesterday, 4:05 PM • Liu Jiao•13 CommentsNew Theme Park Puts Six Flags At RiskEditors' Pick • SIX• Yesterday, 3:52 PM • ManBearChicken•1 CommentBaozun: Is There More Upside In This 2017 Runner?BZUN• Yesterday, 3:47 PM • Jonathan Faison•23 CommentsThis Is When CALM Will SoarCALM• Yesterday, 3:42 PM • Christiaan Casper•11 CommentsFacebook Earnings Preview: Bullish On InstagramFB• Yesterday, 3:36 PM • L&F Capital Management•18 CommentsPermian Pure Play: What This Relative Valuation Metric Is Telling UsARES, CDEV, CPE• Yesterday, 3:34 PM • Laurentian Research•15 CommentsI Think Gilead Is Worth More than $86 Per ShareGILD• Yesterday, 3:22 PM • Stephen Barnes•50 CommentsYY, Inc.: Better Than Momo?YY• Yesterday, 3:19 PM • Focus Equity•9 CommentsFiat Chrysler Leveraging Its Brands Under MarchionneFCAU• Yesterday, 3:14 PM • Nick CoxALR's Stock Of The Week: Interface Inc.TILE• Yesterday, 3:10 PM • Paul Price•4 CommentsAMD: King Of The CrossoverAMD• Yesterday, 2:59 PM • Kumquat Research•65 CommentsFoot Locker: Its Time To BuyFL• Yesterday, 2:56 PM • L&F Capital Management•17 CommentsVertex Looks Attractive With New Positive Data, Acquisition BuzzVRTX• Yesterday, 2:35 PM • Avisol Capital Partners•3 CommentsTrustCo: A Dazzling Regional BankTRST• Yesterday, 2:28 PM • Quad 7 Capital•3 CommentsWhy Amazon Needs To Improve Its B2B E-Commerce PresenceAMZN• Yesterday, 2:18 PM • Motek Moyen•15 CommentsHasbro Deserves Your AttentionHAS• Yesterday, 2:12 PM • L&F Capital Management•2 CommentsFive Below Is A Strong Buy In The Long RunFIVE• Yesterday, 2:09 PM • Kush Patel•2 CommentsAMD's Post-Earnings Target PricesAMD• Yesterday, 1:52 PM • Kwan-Chen Ma•162 CommentsRecent Buy: Gilead SciencesGILD• Yesterday, 1:45 PM • Fiscal Voyage•28 CommentsOasis In The Middle Of North Dakota: 25% Upside In BaseOAS• Yesterday, 1:45 PM • Cracks N Fracks•7 CommentsGraphite Update: Syrah, Magnis, Kibaran, Mason And OthersABGLF, BRUZF, CSPGF• Yesterday, 1:38 PM • jaberwock•2 CommentsThe Dawn Of The Tesla SmugglerTSLA• Yesterday, 1:28 PM • Anton Wahlman•177 CommentsTesla Is Already Winning - Just Not In The Way A Lot Of Investors Want Or ExpectTSLA• Yesterday, 1:26 PM • FundamentalSpeculation.IO•40 CommentsMicrosoft's Office 365 Is The New WindowsMSFT• Yesterday, 1:19 PM • Beulah Meriam K•13 CommentsThe First Domino Is Set To Fall In Canterbury Park's Ambitious Real Estate Development PlanCPHC• Yesterday, 1:14 PM • Jeff Marston•5 CommentsTime To Buy TevaTEVA• Yesterday, 1:06 PM • All American Investor•28 CommentsRite Aid: Recovery PlayRAD• Yesterday, 12:54 PM • Christopher Yuen•40 CommentsTesla Maintains Strong Market Share Despite Onslaught Of CompetitionTSLA• Yesterday, 12:53 PM • Siddharth Dalal•190 CommentsKeeping Stock With Tech: FANG Earnings Kicks Off This Week, With Google And FacebookFB, GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 12:37 PM • Alex Cho•14 CommentsBuy The Dip In Dick's Sporting GoodsDKS• Yesterday, 12:37 PM • L&F Capital Management•6 CommentsGenuine Parts Company - This Company Suits My Investor ProfileGPC• Yesterday, 12:15 PM • Charles Fournier•13 CommentsAbiomed: This Debt-Free Medical Device Stock Is A Strong Buy In 2017ABMD• Yesterday, 12:05 PM • Gaurao BhadeZynerba Pharmaceuticals Could Run Up Due To Upcoming Key Catalysts: Our Idea Of The MonthZYNE• Yesterday, 12:03 PM • Bhavneesh Sharma, MBA•6 CommentsIs A Breakup Of General Electric Imminent?GE• Yesterday, 12:01 PM • HiddenValueInvestor•17 CommentsVale SA: Still A Solid Long-Term InvestmentVALE• Yesterday, 12:00 PM • Orthodox Investor•5 CommentsNetflix: Booming Revenue And Imploding Cash FlowsNFLX• Yesterday, 11:38 AM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•28 CommentsSkyworks: Post-Earnings Valuation Reveals Solid Upside PotentialSWKS• Yesterday, 11:34 AM • Roman Luzgin•3 CommentsIBM: This Blue-Chip Stock Just Went On SaleIBM• Yesterday, 11:27 AM • Robert Riesen•27 CommentsValue Investment Stock Selections Using Forensic Analysis - JulyACIU, COE, FRD• Yesterday, 11:25 AM • JD Henning•5 CommentsMonopoly Scrutiny Of Amazon BaselessAMZN• Yesterday, 11:23 AM • Gary Bourgeault•18 CommentsGE: No Quick Fixes - Flannery Has A Lot On His PlateGE• Yesterday, 11:14 AM • The Value Investor•9 Comments123456...2521Next Page





Stock Ideas | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Stock IdeasBoeing 787 Needs Aggressive Cost CuttingBA• Today, 7:00 AM • Dhierin BechaiProcter & Gamble: Pretty GoodPG• Today, 6:45 AM • Marc GersteinBuyer's Remorse Part II: The Pakistani Coup D'EtatPCMI• Today, 6:32 AM • Rota FortunaeTheMaven Updates Large Insider Share RegistrationMVEN• Today, 6:09 AM • Donovan JonesCoty, Inc.: Getting Serious About China Through E-CommerceCOTY• Today, 6:00 AM • Willow Street InvestmentsAmazon - The Many Thematic Tailwinds Pushing It ForwardAMZN• Today, 5:53 AM • Tematica Research•4 CommentsIs Teranga Gold Still A Solid Growth Stock?TGCDF• Today, 5:27 AM • Gold Mining Bull•3 CommentsThis Is Ground Control To Exchange Income, Your Equity Is CrashingEIFZF• Today, 5:19 AM • Bank On InsightTableau Needs To Move Beyond Data VisualizationDATA• Today, 5:16 AM • Prasanna RajagopalQualcomm Should Pay More For NXP Semiconductors - Cramer's Lightning Round (7/24/17)MAR, K, CVNA• Today, 5:07 AM • SA Editor Mohit ManghnaniFarmland Partners Inc. Is Poised For Long-Term GrowthFPI• Today, 4:53 AM • Nicholas Klemm•1 CommentCliffs: Majors' Production Reports Point To UpsideCLF• Today, 4:43 AM • Vladimir Zernov•5 CommentsTesla: The 'Ludicrous' Demand Growth Of Model STSLA• Today, 2:39 AM • BEV Consulting•13 CommentsVisa: We Called $100V• Today, 2:24 AM • RobinhoodStrategy•3 CommentsKnowles Corporation: A Solid Investment IdeaKN• Today, 1:45 AM • The Knife Catcher•1 CommentFeeling Defensive? The Best Way To Own Gold, 'Bar' NoneFNV, OR, WPM• Today, 1:29 AM • Joseph L. Shaefer•4 CommentsMomo 8.0: The Unavoidable ChangeMOMO• Yesterday, 11:39 PM • Ang Shen•3 CommentsSamsung Wants A Piece Of TSMCSSNLF, TSM• Yesterday, 10:36 PM • Mark Hibben•8 CommentsSiemens Is Cheap And Healthineers Helps To Unlock The ValueSIEGY• Yesterday, 10:24 PM • Wubbe Bos•5 CommentsSnap: The Next Twitter?SNAP• Yesterday, 8:58 PM • Activist Stocks•25 CommentsMalone's Trading Record Bodes Well For Liberty Latin AmericaLILA, LILAK• Yesterday, 8:56 PM • Global Value Scanner•1 CommentBaidu: Strong Upside, A Short-Term Trigger And A Bright FutureBIDU• Yesterday, 8:09 PM • Value Investigator•9 CommentsWhy You Should Sell Your Apple Shares Before The Next iPhone ReleaseAAPL• Yesterday, 7:42 PM • Michael A. Ball•96 CommentsTesla's Attempts To Raid California Coffers Unlikely To Be FruitfulTSLA• Yesterday, 7:36 PM • EnerTuition•100 CommentsLook Beyond The Storm Clouds Hovering Over Silicon MotionEditors' Pick • SIMO• Yesterday, 7:14 PM • Jenks Jumps•3 CommentsWhat To Look For In Magellan Midstream Partners' Results For Q2 2017MMP• Yesterday, 7:03 PM • Ron HiramGroupon Should Still Have A Place In Your Long-Term PortfolioGRPN• Yesterday, 6:45 PM • Julie Kent•5 CommentsTesla, Batteries And Mobility: A Challenge For AutomakersTSLA• Yesterday, 6:40 PM • Carmi Turchick•103 CommentsApple iPhone 8 Expectations Trending Lower Ahead Of EarningsAAPL• Yesterday, 5:45 PM • Alex Cho•33 CommentsVerdict In: Natural Gas Trumps 'Clean Coal'SO• Yesterday, 5:42 PM • Michael Fitzsimmons•47 CommentsMicrosoft: Shareholders Are Set To Benefit From This StockMSFT• Yesterday, 5:27 PM • Michael Wiggins De Oliveira•14 Comments3 New Developments Give Hope For Type I Diabetes SufferersCLBS• Yesterday, 4:59 PM • Christiana Friedman•3 CommentsArtificial Intelligence: The New Impulse For AlphabetGOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 4:34 PM • Oleh Kombaiev•14 CommentsApple Is Likely To Switch To In-House ScreensAAPL• Yesterday, 4:16 PM • Roman Luzgin•18 CommentsVisa - Unphased By Economic 'Bad News'V• Yesterday, 4:05 PM • Liu Jiao•13 CommentsNew Theme Park Puts Six Flags At RiskEditors' Pick • SIX• Yesterday, 3:52 PM • ManBearChicken•1 CommentBaozun: Is There More Upside In This 2017 Runner?BZUN• Yesterday, 3:47 PM • Jonathan Faison•23 CommentsThis Is When CALM Will SoarCALM• Yesterday, 3:42 PM • Christiaan Casper•11 CommentsFacebook Earnings Preview: Bullish On InstagramFB• Yesterday, 3:36 PM • L&F Capital Management•18 CommentsPermian Pure Play: What This Relative Valuation Metric Is Telling UsARES, CDEV, CPE• Yesterday, 3:34 PM • Laurentian Research•15 CommentsI Think Gilead Is Worth More than $86 Per ShareGILD• Yesterday, 3:22 PM • Stephen Barnes•50 CommentsYY, Inc.: Better Than Momo?YY• Yesterday, 3:19 PM • Focus Equity•9 CommentsFiat Chrysler Leveraging Its Brands Under MarchionneFCAU• Yesterday, 3:14 PM • Nick CoxALR's Stock Of The Week: Interface Inc.TILE• Yesterday, 3:10 PM • Paul Price•4 CommentsAMD: King Of The CrossoverAMD• Yesterday, 2:59 PM • Kumquat Research•65 CommentsFoot Locker: Its Time To BuyFL• Yesterday, 2:56 PM • L&F Capital Management•17 CommentsVertex Looks Attractive With New Positive Data, Acquisition BuzzVRTX• Yesterday, 2:35 PM • Avisol Capital Partners•3 CommentsTrustCo: A Dazzling Regional BankTRST• Yesterday, 2:28 PM • Quad 7 Capital•3 CommentsWhy Amazon Needs To Improve Its B2B E-Commerce PresenceAMZN• Yesterday, 2:18 PM • Motek Moyen•15 CommentsHasbro Deserves Your AttentionHAS• Yesterday, 2:12 PM • L&F Capital Management•2 CommentsFive Below Is A Strong Buy In The Long RunFIVE• Yesterday, 2:09 PM • Kush Patel•2 CommentsAMD's Post-Earnings Target PricesAMD• Yesterday, 1:52 PM • Kwan-Chen Ma•162 CommentsRecent Buy: Gilead SciencesGILD• Yesterday, 1:45 PM • Fiscal Voyage•28 CommentsOasis In The Middle Of North Dakota: 25% Upside In BaseOAS• Yesterday, 1:45 PM • Cracks N Fracks•7 CommentsGraphite Update: Syrah, Magnis, Kibaran, Mason And OthersABGLF, BRUZF, CSPGF• Yesterday, 1:38 PM • jaberwock•2 CommentsThe Dawn Of The Tesla SmugglerTSLA• Yesterday, 1:28 PM • Anton Wahlman•177 CommentsTesla Is Already Winning - Just Not In The Way A Lot Of Investors Want Or ExpectTSLA• Yesterday, 1:26 PM • FundamentalSpeculation.IO•40 CommentsMicrosoft's Office 365 Is The New WindowsMSFT• Yesterday, 1:19 PM • Beulah Meriam K•13 CommentsThe First Domino Is Set To Fall In Canterbury Park's Ambitious Real Estate Development PlanCPHC• Yesterday, 1:14 PM • Jeff Marston•5 CommentsTime To Buy TevaTEVA• Yesterday, 1:06 PM • All American Investor•28 CommentsRite Aid: Recovery PlayRAD• Yesterday, 12:54 PM • Christopher Yuen•40 CommentsTesla Maintains Strong Market Share Despite Onslaught Of CompetitionTSLA• Yesterday, 12:53 PM • Siddharth Dalal•190 CommentsKeeping Stock With Tech: FANG Earnings Kicks Off This Week, With Google And FacebookFB, GOOG, GOOGL• Yesterday, 12:37 PM • Alex Cho•14 CommentsBuy The Dip In Dick's Sporting GoodsDKS• Yesterday, 12:37 PM • L&F Capital Management•6 CommentsGenuine Parts Company - This Company Suits My Investor ProfileGPC• Yesterday, 12:15 PM • Charles Fournier•13 CommentsAbiomed: This Debt-Free Medical Device Stock Is A Strong Buy In 2017ABMD• Yesterday, 12:05 PM • Gaurao BhadeZynerba Pharmaceuticals Could Run Up Due To Upcoming Key Catalysts: Our Idea Of The MonthZYNE• Yesterday, 12:03 PM • Bhavneesh Sharma, MBA•6 CommentsIs A Breakup Of General Electric Imminent?GE• Yesterday, 12:01 PM • HiddenValueInvestor•17 CommentsVale SA: Still A Solid Long-Term InvestmentVALE• Yesterday, 12:00 PM • Orthodox Investor•5 CommentsNetflix: Booming Revenue And Imploding Cash FlowsNFLX• Yesterday, 11:38 AM • Andres Cardenal, CFA•28 CommentsSkyworks: Post-Earnings Valuation Reveals Solid Upside PotentialSWKS• Yesterday, 11:34 AM • Roman Luzgin•3 CommentsIBM: This Blue-Chip Stock Just Went On SaleIBM• Yesterday, 11:27 AM • Robert Riesen•27 CommentsValue Investment Stock Selections Using Forensic Analysis - JulyACIU, COE, FRD• Yesterday, 11:25 AM • JD Henning•5 CommentsMonopoly Scrutiny Of Amazon BaselessAMZN• Yesterday, 11:23 AM • Gary Bourgeault•18 CommentsGE: No Quick Fixes - Flannery Has A Lot On His PlateGE• Yesterday, 11:14 AM • The Value Investor•9 Comments123456...2521Next Page
















 





Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









  Delaware LLC - Incorporate in Delaware - Delaware Series LLC | IncNow                  Menu    Talk to a Pro: 1-800-759-2248The Delaware Incorporation Pros Fast Delaware LLC Formation & Series LLC ExpertsDelaware LLCDelaware CorporationDelaware Series LLC     POPULARNow LLCComplete LLCBasic LLCProcessing Fee$169$119$118$68$9First Year Registered Agent Service *YES$90YES$90YES$90Delaware Filing FeeYES$90 State FeeYES$90 State FeeYES$90 State Fee20 page LLC Operating Agreement, Required by law **YESSIGNATURE-READY!YESSIGNATURE-READY!NODOES NOT INCLUDE OPERATING AGREEMENT REQUIRED BY LAWEmail Document DeliveryYESExcluded(Option Available During Checkout)Excluded(Option Available During Checkout)1 Business Day TurnaroundYES$50 State Fee is INCLUDEDExcluded(Option Available During Checkout)Excluded(Option Available During Checkout)Total Price$399$349$298$248$189Get StartedGet StartedGet StartedUse Code INCNOW50Use Code INCNOW50* Registered Agent Service required by law included until January 1, 2019. Each year thereafter is $99 per year. Delaware Residents may opt out of this to save $90 for the Basic Package.** An Operating Agreement is required under the Delaware LLC Act.  POPULARNow LLCProcessing Fee$169$119First Year Registered Agent Service *YES$90Delaware Filing FeeYES$90 State Fee20 page LLC Operating Agreement, Required by law **YESSIGNATURE-READY!Email Document DeliveryYES1 Business Day TurnaroundYES$50 State Fee is INCLUDEDTotal Price$399$349 Get StartedUse Code INCNOW50Complete LLCProcessing Fee$118$68First Year Registered Agent Service *YES$90Delaware Filing FeeYES$90 State Fee20 page LLC Operating Agreement, Required by law **YESSIGNATURE-READY!Email Document DeliveryExcluded(Option Available During Checkout)1 Business Day TurnaroundExcluded(Option Available During Checkout)Total Price$298$248 Get StartedUse Code INCNOW50Basic LLCProcessing Fee$9First Year Registered Agent Service *YES$90Delaware Filing FeeYES$90 State Fee20 page LLC Operating Agreement, Required by law **NODOES NOT INCLUDE OPERATING AGREEMENT REQUIRED BY LAWEmail Document DeliveryExcluded(Option Available During Checkout)1 Business Day TurnaroundExcluded(Option Available During Checkout)Total Price$189 Get Started* Registered Agent Service required by law included until January 1, 2019. Each year thereafter is $99 per year. Delaware Residents may opt out of this to save $90 for the Basic Package.** An Operating Agreement is required under the Delaware LLC Act.    POPULARNow CorpComplete CorpBasic CorpProcessing Fee$169$119$119$69$9First Year Registered Agent Service *YES$90YES$90YES$90Delaware Filing FeeYES$89 State FeeYES$89 State FeeYES$89 State FeeCorporate MinutesYESYESYESIncluded: Stock Certificates Appoint Officers/Issue Stock Bylaws Minute BookYESYESNOEmail Document DeliveryYESExcluded(Option Available During Checkout)Excluded(Option Available During Checkout)1 Business Day TurnaroundYES$50 State Fee is INCLUDEDExcluded(Option Available During Checkout)Excluded(Option Available During Checkout)Total Price$398$348$298$248$188Get StartedGet StartedGet StartedUse Code INCNOW50Use Code INCNOW50* Registered Agent Service required by law included until January 1, 2019. Each year thereafter is $99 per year. Delaware Residents may opt out of this to save $90 for the Basic Package.  POPULARNow CorpProcessing Fee$169$119First Year Registered Agent Service *YES$90Delaware Filing FeeYES$89 State FeeCorporate MinutesYESIncluded: Stock Certificates Appoint Officers/Issue Stock Bylaws Minute BookYESEmail Document DeliveryYES1 Business Day TurnaroundYES$50 State Fee is INCLUDEDTotal Price$398$348 Get StartedUse Code INCNOW50Complete CorpProcessing Fee$119$69First Year Registered Agent Service *YES$90Delaware Filing FeeYES$89 State FeeCorporate MinutesYESIncluded: Stock Certificates Appoint Officers/Issue Stock Bylaws Minute BookYESEmail Document DeliveryExcluded(Option Available During Checkout)1 Business Day TurnaroundExcluded(Option Available During Checkout)Total Price$298$248 Get StartedUse Code INCNOW50Basic CorpProcessing Fee$9First Year Registered Agent Service *YES$90Delaware Filing FeeYES$89 State FeeCorporate MinutesNOIncluded: Stock Certificates Appoint Officers/Issue Stock Bylaws Minute BookNOEmail Document DeliveryExcluded(Option Available During Checkout)1 Business Day TurnaroundExcluded(Option Available During Checkout)Total Price$188 Get Started* Registered Agent Service required by law included until January 1, 2019. Each year thereafter is $99 per year. Delaware Residents may opt out of this to save $90 for the Basic Package.    POPULARComplete Series LLCProcessing Fee$418First Year Registered Agent Service *YES$90Delaware Filing FeeYES$90 State FeeProfessionally-Prepared 50+ page Series LLC Operating AgreementYESTotal Price$349 Get StartedUse Code INCNOW50Basic Series LLCProcessing Fee$9First Year Registered Agent Service *YES$90Delaware Filing FeeYES$90 State FeeProfessionally-Prepared 50+ page Series LLC Operating AgreementYESTotal Price$189 Get Started* Registered Agent Service required by law included until January 1, 2019. Each year thereafter is $99 per year. Delaware Residents may opt out of this to save $90 for the Basic Package. Why Choose Incnow?Trust Incnow to form your Delaware corporations and LLCs for as little as $9 plus filing fees. You will be supported by a family owned business, operated by experienced LLC experts and corporate law attorneys. Seventeen thousand active companies, many of which are household names, engage Incnow as their Delaware commercial registered agent. Incnow has been providing fast Delaware incorporation services to business owners worldwide since 1974.  TrustpilotFAQsWhat are the annual costs associated with a Delaware LLC?How can I find out if the name I want is already taken?Why should I incorporate or form an LLC in Delaware?Must my Delaware LLC request an EIN from the IRS?Why Delaware is the #1 state for incorporating Start your LLC or Corporation the “Right Way”Welcome to IncNow. Our family-run business has helped entrepreneurs, start-ups, law firms, incubators, accountants and businesses start Delaware LLCs and corporations as a trusted resource for over 40 years. We are proud of the work we do; our customers recently awarded us as the most highly rated firm in the industry with a five-star customer service rating, and we have some of the most successful Internet companies, such as Pinterest, as customers. Read MoreDependability and local expertise is critical when choosing a company to assist you with Limited Liability Companies (LLCs) and Corporations, because they will be with you for the life of the company. We pride ourselves on and have distinguished ourselves by our personal service, speed of service and being a reliable and expert ongoing resource to our customers. Many of our early customers are still with us today and continue to recommend us to other customers.IncNow is different from our competitors because we’re an attorney-managed, technology-enabled Internet business, combining speed and efficiency with the best products and innovations, such as the new Series LLC, while delivering these to our customers at affordable prices. We are operated by David N. Williams Esq. and John Legaré Williams Esq., who are licensed Delaware attorneys with decades of experience guiding entrepreneurs from incorporation to success. This gives our customers confidence in the legal documents and service provided throughout and beyond the incorporation process.Delaware is the gold standard for incorporating. The State of Delaware has specific business courts and the most advanced business laws that apply to all Delaware Corporations and LLCs no matter where they do business. We are the Delaware LLC and Corporation experts. Trust us to form your next LLC or Corporation.For personal service, please feel free to call our Incorporation Specialists at (302) 575-0877 to answer questions, start and then complete your LLC or Corporation today. We look forward to providing you with extraordinary customer service and the best products and service to meet your needs.Yours truly, Current President John L. Williams, Esq. and IncNow founder David N. Williams, Esq.            FAQ - How can I find out if the Delaware LLC name I want is taken?               Menu    Talk to a Pro: 1-800-759-2248The Delaware Incorporation Pros  Home > FAQs > How can I find out if the name I want is already taken?How can I find out if the name I want is already taken?IncNow (Agents and Corporations, Inc.) provides two easy ways to discover the availability of an entity name.The first way is to submit an order to IncNow and we will check the name that business day.The second way is to call us at 1-800-759-2248 or email agents@incnow.com, where a representative can check the availability of a desired entity name at no charge.Checking the State of Delaware’s website for availability can be misleading because the business search tool shows former names that are no longer conflicts but does not display some names which may pose conflicts, for example when the corporate ending is different.You can use the “name reservation” tool at corp.delaware.gov to confirm availability. We do not believe that is usually necessary because it costs $75 and it would be easier to just file the company to see if the name is available. Fast, Professional Delaware LLCIncorporation ServicesFill out a simple online formWe prepare and file your LLCYou receive your LLC package Get Started! Compare LLC Packages  Have a Question?Let us help! Can't find what you need and would like to ask us directly? Ask a Question now >>  Ask a Question First NameLast NameEmailPhoneQuestions  Thank YouThank you for submitting your question. Within 1 business day, you will be contacted by one of our agents. For faster service please call 800-759-2248 or email agents@incnow.com              Why Form a Delaware LLC? See the Top 10 Benefits | IncNow               Menu    Talk to a Pro: 1-800-759-2248The Delaware Incorporation Pros  Home > Delaware LLC Formation ServiceDelaware LLCMany business owners in the United States choose to form their business as a Delaware LLC due to the legal benefits from the state’s predictable business friendly laws. Delaware LLC formation is easy, too — there is no need to visit the state and minimal information is required to form your LLC in Delaware. The process can be done online; IncNow can help form a Delaware LLC for your business in just five minutes.Read more below about why the Delaware LLC is so popular, plus what to expect during the formation process.    Incorporate your Delaware LLC in just a few minutes with IncNow!• Enjoy the legal and tax benefits afforded by the state of Delaware’s pro-business laws• Protect your personal assets and limit your liability with the most popular business entity• Trust IncNow’s 40+ years of experience; a BBB A+ rated family-owned business• Start a Delaware LLC in just 5 minutes with IncNow’s fast formation service; affordable packages start at only $9 plus required state fees    Why form your Delaware LLC with IncNow?Form your Delaware LLC with IncNow, the Delaware formation experts. With years of experience, the incorporation specialists at IncNow (Agents and Corporations, Inc.) can assist you with any questions you may have about forming a limited liability company in Delaware. IncNow can help you understand topics such as the common provisions included in Operating Agreements and Certificates of Formation.As a Delaware Commercial Registered Agent, IncNow has a higher filing priority than agents outside of Delaware and self-filers, which means your documents are normally returned to you in 1-3 days, not weeks.    How do you form a Delaware LLC?Choose a Delaware LLC NameRegistering a Delaware LLC requires 2 things:Filing a Certificate of FormationDocumenting your Operating AgreementBefore filing the Certificate of Formation, you must first check the prospective business name with the Delaware Secretary of State for conflicts, which can be done online at Incnow.com.Additionally, Delaware law requires that all new LLCs have either “Limited Liability Company”, “LLC”, or “L.L.C.” in the company name. If, at a later date, you want to change your LLC name, you can do so through an Amendment to the Certificate of Formation.Delaware Registered Agent RequirementYou can form an LLC in Delaware without visiting, opening an office, or maintaining a bank account in Delaware; however, the Delaware LLC Act requires any company incorporated in Delaware to have a Delaware Registered Agent with an in-state street address. Agents and Corporations, Inc. (IncNow) will act as Registered Agent for companies incorporating in Delaware for a small annual fee.After formation, the Registered Agent receives State of Delaware notices and is required to be generally available during business hours to accept and forward court notices to you (service of process). The Registered Agent will be there for the life of your company, so it’s important to find one that is professional and reliable. Agents and Corporations (IncNow) has been a Delaware Registered Agent since 1974, and at the same office since 1982. IncNow is family operated by Delaware attorneys who specialize in corporate law.Delaware Certificate of Formation RequirementsOur office will sign as the authorized person (also known as an organizer) and file a Certificate of Formation with the Secretary of State’s Division of Corporations to form the Delaware LLC on public record. Your name and address are not listed on public filings unless requested by you. Other states refer to this document as Articles of Organization, but Delaware does not use that term.A Certificate of Formation must include:The name of the LLCThe name and address of the registered agentThe signature of an authorized individualOf special note, if the Delaware LLC is a Series LLC, which protects assets of parts of the LLC from the liabilities of other parts of the LLC, then this must be indicated on the Certificate of Formation (more information on the Series LLC may be found elsewhere on this site). Many optional provisions could also be included in the Certificate of Formation. Upon special request, we can include the names of members and/or managers on the Certificate of Formation.Delaware LLC Operating AgreementWith our complete package, we draft an Operating Agreement to set forth the ownership and management structure and procedures. Delaware requires that LLCs have an Operating Agreement that will govern it; however, Delaware does not require that the Operating Agreement be filed with the state, or even be in writing.It is recommended that you have a written, signed agreement. Even in a single-member Delaware LLC, the Operating Agreement is important because it provides a decision-making structure that will benefit the LLC when dealing with other entities, increase protection, and increase credibility for financial transactions. The Operating Agreement will include provisions such as liability, ownership, dissolution, and transfer of interest, among others.Many incorporation services use boilerplate agreements without provisions to prevent common problems. A well-crafted Delaware Operating Agreement should serve like a prenuptial agreement to avoid any partnership disputes between members should any member decide to go in a different direction.Signing the LLC Operating AgreementOnce the Delaware Operating Agreement has been drafted and approved, all members should execute it. Most Delaware LLCs, as a practical matter, will not draft and finalize the Operating Agreement until after formation. Many formal requirements of corporations, such as those related to voting and annual meetings, are not required by LLCs.  To this extent, many well-crafted Operating Agreements will avoid bureaucracy to streamline your business operations.While an Operating Agreement can be enforceable unsigned, it is more difficult to prove that an unsigned Operating Agreement was agreed upon by all members. In multi-member LLCs, it is especially important to have a signed Operating Agreement. Should you change the agreement or ownership structure, an amended and restated LLC Operating Agreement should be signed each time the agreement changes.    Top 10 Reasons to Form an LLC in Delaware1. Delaware LLCs offer the most protection for you and your business with two-way protectionBy forming a Delaware LLC, you safeguard your personal assets by building a shield between them and your business liabilities. This means that, if the business itself cannot pay a creditor, then this shield makes it difficult for creditors to penetrate into your personal assets, such as your house, car and other personal possessions.Delaware explicitly makes the “Charging Order” the sole and exclusive remedy for creditors of LLC members. This prevents creditors of your business partners from taking over the company. Creditors of a member can only get an economic interest in the LLC’s distributions to that member, not a control interest or a right to liquidate the LLC.2. Delaware’s laws provide the strongest shield of any stateDelaware governs the internal affairs of your company, including its liability shield. The corporate protection or “corporate shield” afforded by the Delaware LLC Act, which protects the personal assets of individual owners from creditors of their business, is thicker than any protection offered in any other state.3. Delaware LLCs can operate in almost any State or CountryYou can form a Delaware LLC no matter where your business activities take place or where you live in the United States. Outside the United States, there are very few countries and individuals restricted from using a Delaware LLC, and a Delaware LLC does not need to have a bank account or office in Delaware. A Registered Agent, such as IncNow, maintains a physical address in Delaware required to forward court and Delaware government notices to you.4. Delaware treats you like an adult and lets you manage your businessWhen entering into a Delaware LLC, it is flexible in ownership and management structure. One individual can serve as both the owner and manager. An LLC is governed by its Operating Agreement, allowing you to arrange your business affairs between owners as you see fit and have that arrangement enforced as written. Since the LLC is a contractual entity, it is important that the Delaware courts honor the contract between the parties as written. Furthermore, there is no required annual general meeting, and there is much less administrative paperwork in general, compared to a corporation.5. Managers are protected from lawsuitsThe LLC Agreement in Delaware can reduce or eliminate fiduciary duties. This allows business managers and controlling, managing members the flexibility to take risks that are not readily questioned by minority investors, provided such actions are not in bad faith. Even if the fiduciary duties are not waived or reduced, business managers have the freedom to make business decisions, even if losses result without manager liability, provided the decisions are not self-dealing. Even self-dealing is not entirely prohibited; instead, self-dealing needs to be “entirely fair” to the other members.6. No Delaware income tax if your operations are in other states (and other business tax loopholes)There is no Delaware tax return to file for LLCs that are formed in Delaware, provided they conduct no business in Delaware.As with LLCs in other states, profits are taxed personally at the member level, but not at the LLC level. An LLC is taxed as a sole proprietorship or partnership, unless it elects S-Corporation or C-Corporation tax status.Having an LLC that elects to be taxed as an S-Corporation can save thousands in self-employment taxes because your income can be split 50/50 between self-employment income and “S-Dividend” income. The S-Dividend can reduce your taxes by thousands. For example, splitting $200,000 of income would save the S-electing LLC member more than $4,000 in social security and Medicare taxes. Learn more about these advantages in our LLC tax tips section.7. Delaware’s speedy approvals and filingsThe Delaware Secretary of State’s office maintains extended hours for filing and can expedite filings to as fast as one hour.8. You can use a Delaware LLC to own and manage almost anythingThe business uses can range from one person sales or consulting businesses to multi-million dollar commercial properties. It may operate an active business or simply hold passive assets, like real estate or intellectual property.Most common uses include:To hold real property, such as personal or business real estateTo operate a service businessTo hold tangible personal property or intangible assets such as airplanes, automobiles, boats and patents9. Delaware’s business courts handle business disputes in weeks, not yearsDelaware has a separate court for the resolution of business disputes, the Court of Chancery. Its appointed judges are highly experienced in business cases, and effectively solve corporate disputes in a way that other states do not. There are no jury trials in the Court of Chancery, so Court’s expertise is brought to bear in the decision of every case before the Court.The Delaware court system can act very quickly. Sometimes, the whole process, from start to finish (discovery and motions to trial decisions), can be over in two months. Written decisions from the Court of Chancery are the standard, and are often 100 pages long. This well-reasoned process avoids arbitrary outcomes. Even appeals to the Delaware Supreme Court can be expedited. The Delaware judges do their homework and read all the pleadings carefully before hearings and trials.10. Delaware has the most pro-business laws of any US stateDelaware’s law is generally thought to be pro-business, and has a “goldilocks” balance of being stable and slowly evolving – to be cutting edge without upsetting existing businesses. Because of the maturity of Delaware’s law and the high volume of corporate cases handled by Delaware’s judicial system, there is predictability in outcomes.This means if there have been several similar cases to the one facing your LLC, there is less uncertainty about the judicial outcome, which can be key in deciding to settle a dispute or invest the time and capital to litigate. Even when judges change, it is not a favoritism or political system. Judges in Delaware make reasoned, non-political decisions.    More About LLCsWhat is a Delaware LLC?Delaware LLC Benefits – 11 AdvantagesDelaware LLC vs Corporation Comparison ChartHow to Form a Delaware LLC?Delaware LLC FeesWhat is a Delaware LLC Operating Agreement?How to Cancel a Delaware LLCHow to Start a Business in the U.S.A. Using a Delaware LLCFill out a simple online formWe prepare and file your LLCYou receive your LLC package Get Started! Compare LLC Packages   When deciding where to form your company, consider that Delaware has advantages over your home state that may benefit you. Go Trustpilot  Have a Question?Let us help! Can't find what you need and would like to ask us directly? Ask a Question now >>  Ask a Question First NameLast NameEmailPhoneQuestions  Thank YouThank you for submitting your question. Within 1 business day, you will be contacted by one of our agents. For faster service please call 800-759-2248 or email agents@incnow.com  Fill out a simple online formWe prepare and file your LLCYou receive your LLC package Get Started! Compare LLC PackagesMore About LLCsWhat is a Delaware LLC?Delaware LLC Benefits – 11 AdvantagesForming a Delaware LLC: How Does It Work?How Much Does it Cost to Form and Maintain a Delaware LLC?What is a Delaware LLC Operating Agreement?How to Cancel a Delaware LLCDelaware LLC vs Corporation Comparison Chart: Key DifferencesHow to Start a Business in the U.S.A.            Form Delaware Corporation - Delaware Incorporation Services | IncNow               Menu    Talk to a Pro: 1-800-759-2248The Delaware Incorporation Pros  Home > Delaware Corporation Easy, Fast & ProfessionalDelaware CorporationFill out a simple online formWe prepare and file your CorporationYou receive your Corporation package Get Started! Compare Corporation Packages    Delaware Incorporation ServicesIncorporate a Delaware Corporation in only a few minutes with IncNow!• Enjoy the predictable and fair legal environment afforded to businesses incorporated in the State of Delaware• Protect the assets of stockholders against claims of the business’s creditors• Rely on IncNow’s 40+ years of experience• Start a Delaware Corporation today with our NOW Incorporation package for our 1-business day turnaround service    Start Your Delaware CorporationIncNow, the Delaware corporation experts, can help you incorporate your business the right way. We have had the pleasure of incorporating tens of thousands of successful businesses.   Founded by the first tax lawyer in Delaware, we have a high degree of expertise in the creation and maintenance of your new business. What makes IncNow unique is that industry-leading attorneys manage and train the experienced team of incorporation specialists with a high degree of accuracy.As your Corporation experts, IncNow will:1. Prepare and file your Certificate of Incorporation2. Execute the Minutes of Incorporation to elect one or more directors3. Prepare Bylaws to govern your corporation4. Prepare the Unanimous Action of Directors to elect officers and direct stock to be issued to one or more stockholders5. Prepare stock certificates for one or more stockholdersOrdering our attorney-developed shareholder agreement will help keep the stock from being transferred to unwanted third parties. This is recommended for all corporations with more than one stockholder.    What is a Corporation, and what does Incorporating mean?A Corporation is a legal entity or legal “person” that exists completely separate from natural persons, and is typically composed of natural persons that hold stock in the corporation.Incorporating is the act of filing a new corporation.When incorporating, you have the ability to select the state of incorporation, which is the state where the initial paperwork is filed and the state that will govern the internal affairs of your business (relationship between decision makers and owners).Delaware General Corporation Law will protect your corporation only if you select to incorporate in the State of Delaware.Delaware has the most desirable legislature, statutes, case law and court system for corporate governance. Starting in Delaware is an easy choice that some business owners overlook in the haste to get started, but may regret later. Rarely is the state in which you reside as favorable as where the owners reside. After comparing all 50 states, business owners frequently decide to incorporate in Delaware.    Why Should I Incorporate in Delaware?Delaware has a reputation as the forerunner in corporate law in the United States. Industry leading companies, from credit cards (Discover, Bank of America) to technology (Google, Apple) to restaurants (McDonald’s, Chipotle) are incorporated in Delaware. So why should you join them and incorporate your business in Delaware?1. Delaware has the strongest Corporate Shield of any StateThe main reason to incorporate in Delaware is to protect personal assets from your business’s liability. This protection is referred to as the “corporate veil” or “shield”, and is especially strong in Delaware.2. Business-Friendly Government Services Many of the businesses that chose to organize in Delaware have done so because of the business-friendly government in Delaware. Delaware’s Court of Chancery is a specialized business court. With its established body of case law, the Delaware courts are experts at resolving business conflicts. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce has ranked Delaware’s litigation system the best in the country for fairness every year.3. Ability to Operate a Delaware Corporation in every State or almost any CountryWith a Delaware corporation, you have the ability to conduct business in every state and almost every country. Delaware corporations do not need a bank account or business address in Delaware, they need only a Registered Agent to forward Delaware annual notices and legal notices.4. Predictability in Ownership and Management StructureDelaware’s predictable laws on ownership and management allow you to structure your business with confidence. You can even have the protection of a corporation for a one-person business. For example, one individual can be sole Director, President, Secretary, and Treasurer, as well as the sole shareholder.5. Directors and Officers are protected from lawsuitsBusiness officers and Directors have the ability to take risks and make routine business decisions without fear of having those decisions second guessed by stockholders. Even if losses result, as long as the decisions were not self-dealing, the officers and directors should be protected from personal liability.6. No Delaware income tax returns  for Corporations operating outside of DelawareDelaware corporations do not have to file Delaware tax returns if they do not conduct business in Delaware.7. Tax AdvantagesA corporation is taxed as a C-Corporation unless it elects to be taxed as an S-Corporation. If the stockholders are eligible and timely elect to be taxed as an S-Corporation with the IRS, it can save the stockholders thousands of dollars in self-employment taxes by splitting income 50/50 between self-employment income and an “S-Dividend”.8. Delaware offers speedy document approval and filings The Secretary of State’s office in Delaware maintains extended hours for filing and can approve documents in as little as one hour for additional fees.9. A Delaware Corporation can be used to manage almost anythingCorporations can range from a one personal consulting company to a multi-million dollar technology business. Corporations are not recommended for holding passive assets, like real estate.10. Delaware has the fairest courts and laws of any stateThe United States Chamber of Commerce has recognized Delaware’s business dispute and incorporation climate by ranking Delaware’s litigation system #1 over the past 9 years. The advantage of having so many business disputes resolved in Delaware is that previous conflicts have established an extensive body of case law.    How to Start a Delaware Corporation1. Choose a NameChoose a unique corporate name that is not registered with the Delaware Secretary of State. The name must include a corporate ending or abbreviation thereof (ex. “Inc.”, “Incorporated”, “Company”, “Co..”, “Corporation”, “Corp.”, “Association”, etc.) You can always file a name amendment in the future. For example, when we incorporated “Pinterest,” the original name was “Cold Brew Labs.”2. Find a Registered AgentEvery Delaware corporation is required to have a registered agent in Delaware. The registered agent will forward lawsuits and correspondence from the Delaware Secretary of State to you.You do not need to visit or have an office or any other connection to Delaware to incorporate a corporation in Delaware. Select Agents and Corporations, Inc. (IncNow) to act as your registered agent.3. Draft a Certificate of IncorporationThe Certificate of Incorporation officially brings the corporation into existence in the public record. IncNow will prepare a Certificate of Incorporation that includes:Name of the corporationName and address of the Registered Agent of the corporationStatement of the type of business that the corporation will engage inNumber of shares of authorized stock that the corporation will issuePar value of each shareName and signature of the incorporatorIndemnification clause for breaches of Duty of CareAllowance for Director Amended BylawsThe standard form from the Secretary of State leaves off recommended provisions, such as the director amended bylaws and relaxed director liability. These provisions must be included in the Certificate of Incorporation and cannot be enforced if included only in the bylaws or elsewhere.4. Annual Taxes and FeesSimilar to most states, Delaware corporations pay a “franchise tax”, or annual fee. This fee is based either on the shares authorized by the corporation on its Certificate of Incorporation, or any Amendments to the Certificate of Incorporation that change the number of shares of stock the corporation is allowed to issue.We recommend incorporating with 1500 shares of voting stock to minimize both filing and annual fees. If additional shares of restricted or non-voting stock are desired or required in the future, the authorized number of shares can be amended.5. Stockholder AgreementIf your corporation has more than one stockholder, it should have a Stockholder Agreement.Stockholder agreements are optional, but recommended.They set out the powers and rights of stockholders, as well as their relationship with the corporation and must be executed by all stockholders.A stockholder agreement can place restrictions on transferring stock.Delaware law specifically allows certain restrictions on the rights of stockholders to sell their shares.In closely held corporations with very few stockholders, these agreements are especially important because they will govern the relationship between the stockholders.Notice of the stockholder agreement must also be on the stock certificates to provide notice to possible assignees of the restrictions.Any corporation with more than one stockholder should have a Stockholder Agreement to minimize future problems of valuation, buyback, and unwanted third parties owning stock as transfers or assignees.6. Stockholder Agreement ServiceTo the surprise of many business owners, bylaws do not include provisions for rights of first refusal or buy-out provisions for stockholders. Corporation stockholders should consider a Stockholder Agreement — an important additional service to protect their stockholders’ expectations.We offer a standard Delaware Stockholder Agreement for $199.A Delaware attorney developed this Stockholder Agreement in the course of practice.It has been modified for our customers to provide extra rights and protection for stockholders to prevent outsiders from becoming unwanted stockholders in their company in the event of a sale of stock or death of a shareholder.This document gives you a running start to future planning for your Corporation.    C-Corporations vs. S-CorporationsThe “C” vs. “S” discussion should not impact your pre-incorporation decision. While corporations are C-Corporations by default when they are incorporated, it is very easy to change classifications between C-Corporations and S-Corporations.There is no distinction between the Certificate of Incorporation for a C-Corporation and that for an S-Corporation. Every Corporation filed with any of the 50 US States starts out simply as a general Corporation.    ConclusionDelaware’s pro-business climate, makes it the location of choice for anyone seeking to incorporate their business. Whether large or small, your business can reap the benefits of incorporating in Delaware.    More About CorporationsWhat is a Delaware Corporation ?Types of Delaware CorporationsFill out a simple online formWe prepare and file your CorporationYou receive your Corporation package Get Started! Compare Corporation Packages   When deciding where to form your company, consider that Delaware has advantages over your home state that may benefit you. Go  Have a Question?Let us help! Can't find what you need and would like to ask us directly? Ask a Question now >>  Ask a Question First NameLast NameEmailPhoneQuestions  Thank YouThank you for submitting your question. Within 1 business day, you will be contacted by one of our agents. For faster service please call 800-759-2248 or email agents@incnow.com  More About CorporationsDelaware CorporationWhat Is a Delaware Corporation?The Types of Delaware Corporations          