




Welcome to Apollo Endosurgery - Apollo Endosurgery, Inc.




























































  


















Changing the way the globalepidemic of obesity is managed.
Changing the way the global epidemic of obesity is managed.

For Patients  
For Professionals











Providing patients with new waysto manage their obesity.
Providing patients with new ways to manage their obesity.

For Patients
For Professionals











Creating a new market forless invasive therapy.

Learn More









ORBERA
LAP-BAND
OverStitch
 




















Changing the way the global epidemic of obesity is managed.
 For PatientsFor Professionals










Providing patients with new ways to manage their obesity.
 For Patients For Professionals










Creating a new market for less invasive therapy.
Learn More








ORBERA
LAP-BAND
OverStitch
 









REVOLUTIONIZING PATIENT CARE
Leading Products in Minimally Invasive Therapies*
 





*
More than 220,000 people have safely used the ORBERA® weight loss balloon.
Learn More





*
A minimally invasive procedure that offers healthy, lasting weight loss.
Learn More





*
Allows physicians to place full-thickness sutures through a flexible endoscope.
Learn More











* Not all products are approved in all markets. Contact your local distributor for a list of Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. products approved for your country.











ORBERA®LAP-BAND®OVERSTITCH™INVESTORSCONTACT USSend InquiryPlace Your OrderCOMPANYAbout UsNewsManagementBoard of DirectorsGlobal LocationsComplianceCareers







Send Us Your Inquiry - Apollo Endosurgery, Inc.


























































  














Contact Us
Contact Us
Get in touch with us todayto learn more.

























Contact Us
Get in touch with us today to learn more.


















Send Us Your Inquiry












First Name 
                    *





Last Name 
                    *





Company





Email 
                    *





Phone 
                    *





Zip 
                    *





Reason for Contact *


Select
Request Information
Provide Feedback
Request Technical or Sales Support
Request Training
Report a Product Issue
Commercial Inquiry or Offer
Other




Country  *


United States
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo, the Dem. Rep. of the
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte d'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French
                            Guiana
French
                            Polynesia
French Southern
                            Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See (Vatican City State)
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran, Islamic Republic of
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Korea, Dem. People's Republic of
Korea, Republic of
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Dem. Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia, Federated States of
Moldova, Republic of
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan, Province of China
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela, Bolivarian Republic of
Vietnam
Virgin Islands, British
Virgin Islands, U.S.
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe




Brand *


–None–
LAP-BAND®
ORBERA
OverStitch
Other




Inquirer Type *


–None–
Physician
Prospective Patient
Hospital
Distributor
Media/Reporter/Author
Other






Comments *









Submit



















ORBERA®LAP-BAND®OVERSTITCH™INVESTORSCONTACT USSend InquiryPlace Your OrderCOMPANYAbout UsNewsManagementBoard of DirectorsGlobal LocationsComplianceCareers







About Us - Apollo Endosurgery, Inc.

























































  














About Us
About Us
We are dedicated to revolutionizing
    patient care through the development
    of endoscopic surgery.

















About Us
        
        Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. is a medical device company focused on less invasive therapies for the treatment of obesity, a condition facing over 600 million people globally, as well as other gastrointestinal disorders. Our device based therapies are an alternative to invasive surgical procedures, thus lowering complication rates and reducing total healthcare costs. Apollo’s products are offered in over 80 countries today.
        
    













ORBERA®LAP-BAND®OVERSTITCH™INVESTORSCONTACT USSend InquiryPlace Your OrderCOMPANYAbout UsNewsManagementBoard of DirectorsGlobal LocationsComplianceCareers







Careers - Apollo Endosurgery, Inc.

























































  














Careers
Careers
Join a global team dedicatedto pioneering the futureof bariatric and endoscopicinterventional procedures.

























Careers
Join a global team dedicatedto pioneering the future of bariatric and endoscopic interventional procedures.


















Careers
Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. offers exciting employment opportunities for individuals looking for a stimulating work environment and a great career path. If you are interested in changing the world of surgery, Contact Us.
Benefits (US):

Group Insurance: medical, dental, vision, life, and disability
Generous paid vacation and holidays
401k program with a company match
Stock option plan
Professional development and tuition reimbursement


Candidates in Costa Rica: ¡Gracias por su interés en Apollo Endosurgery! Estamos muy emocionados de la apertura de nuestra planta de manufactura en Costa Rica, y la empresa local Deloitte está revisando los Curriculum Vitae de los candidatos interesados. Si desea ser considerado(a) para alguna de los puestos anunciados, por favor envíe su CV en la casilla de asunto a reclutamientocr@deloitte.com.

Candidates in Europe: Please send your CV to hr.emea@apolloendo.com.
Current Openings









                                    Customer Service Representative                
                
            
Location: Austin, TX (Corporate Office)
View the Job Description & Apply







                                    Customer Service Representative (Part-Time)                
                
            
Location: Austin, TX (Corporate Office)
View the Job Description & Apply







                                    Director, Quality Systems                
                
            
Location: Austin, TX (Corporate Office)
View the Job Description & Apply







                                    Logistics Analyst                
                
            
Location: Austin, TX (Corporate Office)
View the Job Description & Apply







                                    Director, Global Reimbursement                
                
            
Location: Austin, TX (Corporate Office)
View the Job Description & Apply







                                    Market Development Manager                
                
            
Location: New Orleans, LA
View the Job Description & Apply







                                    Internship                
                
            
Location: Austin, TX (Corporate Office)
View the Job Description & Apply



















ORBERA®LAP-BAND®OVERSTITCH™INVESTORSCONTACT USSend InquiryPlace Your OrderCOMPANYAbout UsNewsManagementBoard of DirectorsGlobal LocationsComplianceCareers








 






Press Releases  | Apollo Endosurgery Investor Center























  







Login




Investor Home Press Releases  






              Press Releases           








      Disclaimer          

    The information contained on these pages contains dated and historical information.  The company disclaims, and does not undertake, any obligation to update or revise any such historical information.  










            Select Category:          


<Any>CompanyFinancialProducts





            Select Year:          







-Year2014201520162017





 












Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Announces Pricing of $31 Million Public Offering
7/20/17 6:00 am CDT


Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Reports Preliminary Unaudited Financial Estimates for the Second Quarter of 2017
7/12/17 4:45 am CDT


Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Results
5/4/17 7:34 am CDT


Apollo Endosurgery Features Industry-Leading Endoscopic Procedure Portfolio at Digestive Disease Week® 2017 Conference (DDW)
5/2/17 3:57 pm CDT


Apollo Endosurgery to Report First Quarter 2017 Financial Results on May 4, 2017
5/2/17 9:21 am CDT


Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. to Participate at the 29th Annual ROTH Conference
3/9/17 2:31 pm CST


Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Results
3/8/17 3:02 pm CST


Apollo Endosurgery to Report Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 Financial Results on March 8, 2017
3/6/17 2:00 pm CST


Apollo Endosurgery Appoints Dr. Christopher J. Gostout as Chief Medical Officer
1/17/17 5:00 am CST


Apollo Endosurgery Completes Merger with Lpath; Initiates Trading on NASDAQ as ‘APEN’
12/29/16 3:30 pm CST


 
1
2
3
next ›
last »

 






 


 









Business Wire InvestorHQ℠




ORBERA®
LAP-BAND®
OVERSTITCH™
INVESTORS
CONTACT US

Send Inquiry
Place Your Order


COMPANY


About Us
News
Management
Board of Directors
Global Locations
Compliance
Careers



















Patient Labeling and DFUs - Apollo Endosurgery, Inc.





























































































  








Patient Labeling and DFUs



















Please see the following table for product labeling and safety information.






Documento ( número da peça e nome )
        









              Agulha da Porta de Acesso do Sistema LAP-BAND
              ®
              



Para o produto(s): B-20301-10, B-20302-10, B-20311-10
        












              Aplicador de porta RapidPort
              ®
               EZ
            


Para o produto(s): C-20300
        











Instrumento de Remoção do Sistema BIB – Agulha de Aspiração
            


Para o produto(s): B-40813
        











Kit da porta de acesso RapidPort
              ®
               EZ
            


Para o produto(s): C-20306
        












              Kit de Tubo do Sistema LAP-BAND
              ®
              



Para o produto(s): B-20401
        












              Kit de Tubo RapidPort
              ®
               EZ do Sistema LAP-BAND AP
              ®
              



Para o produto(s): B-20400
        











OverStitch
              ™
               Sistema de sutura endoscópica
            


Para o produto(s): THX-165-028, ESS-G02-160, CNH-G01-000, PU693IHBQ
        












              OverTube
              ™
               Sistema de Acesso Endoscópio
            


Para o produto(s): OVT-027-160
        












              OverTube
              ™
               Sistema de Acesso Endoscópio
            


Para o produto(s): OVT-S27-160
        












              Sistema de Balão Intragástrico ORBERA
              ®
              



Para o produto(s): B-50000
        












              Tubo de Calibração do Sistema LAP-BAND
              ®
              



Para o produto(s): B-2017
        
















Document (Part# and Name)
        









              LAP-BAND AP
              ®
               Adjustable Gastric Banding System with OMNIFORM
              ™
               Design
            


For product(s): AB-20260, AB-20265
        
















Document (Part# and Name)
        









              LAP-BAND AP
              ®
               Adjustable Gastric Banding System with OMNIFORM
              ™
               Design
            


For product(s): B-2260, B-2265
        












              LAP-BAND AP
              ®
               Adjustable Gastric Banding System with RapidPort
              ®
               EZ and OMNIFORM
              ™
               Design
            


For product(s): C-2360, C-2365
        











RapidPort
              ®
               EZ Access Port Kit
            


For product(s): C-20304, C-20306
        











RapidPort
              ®
               EZ Port Applier
            


For product(s): C-20300
        











				
              Système d’anneau gastrique ajustable LAP-BAND AP
              ®
               avec RapidPort
              ®
               EZ et conception OMNIFORM
              ™
              



Pour le produit(s): C-2360, C-2365
        











				
              Système d’anneau gastrique ajustable LAP-BAND AP
              ®
               avec la conception OMNIFORM
              ™
              



Pour le produit(s): B-2260, B-2265
        
















Document (Part# and Name)
        









              Orbera® Intragastric Balloon System
            


For product(s): B-4800
        












              The RapidPort® EZ Tubing Kit
            


For product(s): A-20331
        












              LAP-BAND® System Tubing Kit
            


For product(s): A-20401
        












              LAP-BAND® System Calibration Tube
            


For product(s): A-2017
        












              The RapidPort® EZ Port Applier


For product(s): B-20390
        












              RapidPort® EZ Access Port Kit
            


For product(s): B-2304, B-2306
        












              LAP-BAND AP® Adjustable Gastric Banding System with RapidPort® EZ and OMNIFORM™ Design
            


For product(s): B-2360, B-2365
        












              LAP-BAND® System Access Port II Kit
            


For product(s): B-2105, B-2106
        












              LAP-BAND AP® Adjustable Gastric Banding System with OMNIFORM™ Design
            


For product(s): B-2240, B-2245, B-2260, B-2265
        












              LAP-BAND® System Adjustment Kit
            


For product(s): B-20310-10
        













              LAP-BAND® System Access Port I Kit
            


For product(s): B-2101, B-2104, B-2107
        












              Gastric Balloon Suction Catheter
            


For product(s): B-2020
        












              LAP-BAND® System Calibration Tube
            


For product(s): B-2017
        












              LAP-BAND® System Access Port Needle
            


For product(s): B-20301-10, B-20302-10, B-20311-10
        












              LAP-BAND® System Tubing Kit
            


For product(s): B-20401
        












              RapidPort® EZ Access Port Kit
            


For product(s): C-2304, C-2306
        












              LAP-BAND AP® Adjustable Gastric Banding System with RapidPort® EZ and OMNIFORM™ Design
            


For product(s): C-2360, C-2365
        












              RapidPort® EZ Port Applier
            


For product(s): C-20390
        























ORBERA®LAP-BAND®OVERSTITCH™INVESTORSCONTACT USSend InquiryPlace Your OrderCOMPANYAbout UsNewsManagementBoard of DirectorsGlobal LocationsComplianceCareers







Compliance - Apollo Endosurgery, Inc.

























































  














Compliance
Compliance
Please see below the following
    links for our compliance documents.

















Compliance


California Compliance Disclosure

Apollo Endosurgery Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

Apollo Ethics Helpline















ORBERA®LAP-BAND®OVERSTITCH™INVESTORSCONTACT USSend InquiryPlace Your OrderCOMPANYAbout UsNewsManagementBoard of DirectorsGlobal LocationsComplianceCareers

















	Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Announces Pricing of $31 Million Public Offering

























 ABOUT US  |  SERVICES  | SUBSCRIPTIONS  | LOGIN | SIGNUP









Follow @tmcnet


SUBSCRIBE TO TMCnet







COMMUNITIES


TMCnet's Online Communities™


BPA (3rd Party Remote Call Monitoring)
Business VoIP
Call Accounting
Call Center Management
Call Center Scheduling
Call Recording
Cloud IT
Cloud Security
Communications Applications




Conferencing
Contact Center Solutions
Cyber Security
Enterprise Cloud
Fraud & Identity
FSMA-Food Safety Modernization Act
Hybrid WAN
IP PBX
IP Phones
Lync Migration




 Master Agent 
 Multi-Gigabit Ethernet 
Next Generation Communications
Omni-Channel Customer Engagement
Open Networking
Power Protection
Real Time Communications
SD WAN
Shaping Influence




SIP Trunking
Skype for Business
Software Licensing
Software Monetization
Telemarketing Software
Transforming Network Infrastructure
Unified Communications
Virtual Office




Virtual PBX 
VoIP Gateways
VoIP Solutions
Web-scale Networking
Wholesale VoIP
Workforce Management
Workforce Optimization
Workforce Optimization Software










PUBLICATIONS


TMCnet Magazines

Internet Telephony Magazine
Click here to read latest issue
Subscribe for FREE - Click Here
 CUSTOMER 
Click here to read latest issue
Subscribe for FREE - Click Here 


Cloud Computing Magazine
Click here to read latest issue
Subscribe for FREE - Click Here
IoT EVOLUTION MAGAZINE
Click here to read latest issue
Subscribe for FREE - Click Here 





EVENTS

TMCnet Events



All About the API
Asterisk World
AstriCon




Communications 20/20
CVx (ChannelVision Expo )
DevCon5







IoT Evolution Expo


ITEXPO 


MSP Expo 

Real Time Web Solutions Conference-New York





The Blockchain Event 




AWARDS
TECHNOLOGIES

TMCnet's Technology Sites



Cable Technology
CustomerZone360
DevsWorld
Fog Computing World
Financial Technology

HTML5
HealthTechzone 
Information Technology





MobilityTechzone

MSP Today
NFVZone

SDN Zone

Sports Technology 

TechZone360
Wearable Tech World
WebRTC World





MORE NEWS


Browse News by Topics



Consumer
Reseller
Security




CaaS
Healthcare Technology
Insurance Technology






BLOGS


TMCnet BLOGGERS


Rich Tehrani
Peter Radizeski
Steve Anderson
Suzanne Bowen
Alan Percy




Next Generation Communications
Jim Machi
Denise D'Arienzo
E-Commerce Rules
More >> 





MORE  



TMCnet Resources

Account-based marketing (ABM)
ApexTechServices
Awards
Blogs
Buyers' Guide
Content Marketing
eBooks
Research Reports

Snapshots 
Strategic Solutions Series
TMCLabs
TMCnet Workplace Excellence Awards
Videos
Webinars
White Papers



About TMCnet

Contributors
Contact Us
Corporate News
Directions
Employment
Management
Media Kit
PR Resources
TMCnet Services
Technology Marketing Corporation



Subscriptions

FREE Magazine Subscriptions
FREE eNewsletters
News Alerts and Custom RSS Feeds


Follow Us Your Way

Twitter
Facebook
RSS Feed
Google










MARKETS » NFV  HTML5 WebRTC 
 HOT TOPICS »   CONTACT CENTER SOLUTIONS
 CALL RECORDING 
 MULTI-GIGABIT ETHERNET  






RESOURCE  CENTER  - WHITE PAPERS   |   WEBINARS   |   EBOOKS   |   TMCLabs   |   VIDEOS|   MEDIA KIT






 TMC NEWS 
TMCNET eNEWSLETTER SIGNUP


SUBMIT















Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Announces Pricing of $31 Million Public Offering










[July 20, 2017]


Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Announces Pricing of $31 Million Public Offering







 Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. (NASDAQ: APEN), a medical technology company 
 primarily focused on the design, development and commercialization of 
 innovative medical devices that can be used for the treatment of 
 obesity, today announced the pricing of an underwritten public offering 
 of 5,689,090 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of 
 $5.50 per share, before underwriting discounts and commissions. All of 
 the common stock is being offered by Apollo. In addition, Apollo has 
 also granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an 
 additional 853,363 shares of common stock. The offering is expected to 
 close on July 25, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions.
 

 Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC and Roth Capital Partners are acting as 
 joint book-running managers for the offering.
 

 A registration statement relating to these securities was declared 
 effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC (News - Alert)") on July 
 19, 2017. The offering is being mad only by means of a prospectus 
 forming part of the effective registration statement. A preliminary 
 prospectus related to the offering has been filed with the SEC and is 
 available on the SEC's website, located at www.sec.gov. When available, 
 copies of the final prospectus relating to the offering may be obtained 
 from Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC at 222 South Ninth Street, Suite 
 350, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402, Attention: Equity Capital Markets, by 
 telephone at 612-334-6300, or by e-mail at prospectus@chlm.com, or 
 alternatively from Roth Capital Partners, LLC, Attention: Equity Capital 
 Markets, 888 San Clemente Drive, Newport Beach, CA (News - Alert) 92660, by telephone 
 at 800-678-9147, or by email at rothecm@roth.com.
 




 This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the 
 solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these 
 securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such an offer, 
 solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or 
 qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other 
 jurisdiction.
 

About Apollo Endosurgery, Inc.


 Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. is a medical device company focused on less 
 invasive therapies for the treatment of obesity, a condition facing over 
 600 million people globally, as well as other gastrointestinal 
 disorders. Apollo's device based therapies are an alternative to 
 invasive surgical procedures, thus lowering complication rates and 
 reducing total healthcare costs. Apollo's products are offered in over 
 80 countries today.
 


View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170720005361/en/

[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]





























              Videos


                    Anixter at Interop Las Vegas 2010
                  05/07/2010


                    Business Video Briefing 5
                  11/20/2009


                    Cloud Expo New York 2015 Interview with Genband
                  06/16/2015





              White Papers


                    How to become an ITSP (Internet Telephony Service Provider)


                    Successful Wireless Voice Planning for the Changing Enterprise


                    The Mobile Malware Problem





              Podcasts


                    The Opportunities and Challenges for Operators


                    The Benefits of Wholesale VoIP: Featuring Greg Berlocher, VP sales and marketing, Virtutone


                    Interactive Intelligence Launches New Blog





              Sessions














Upcoming Events




ITEXPO: February 14 - 16, 2018 |  Fort Lauderdale, Florida   





Real Time Web Solutions Conference: February 14 - 16, 2018 |  Fort Lauderdale, Florida 






IoT Evolution Expo : January 22-25, 2018|  Orlando, Florida   













LATEST VIDEOS



 ITEXPO Florida 2016 







  ConnectLeader




  ConnectLeader




  XKL at TEX 2016




VIEW ALL VIDEOS



DOWNLOAD CENTER


WHITEPAPERS 


Guide: Four Strategies to Modernize Outbound Customer Engagement
FREE DOWNLOAD


The Zadara Storage Cloud - A Validation of its Use Cases and Economic Benefits
FREE DOWNLOAD


A GridGain Systems In-Memory Computing White Paper
FREE DOWNLOAD


VIEW ALL WHITE PAPERS









UPCOMING  WEBINARS








 Embedded Modules to Gateways: Choosing the Right Cellular Technology for IoT Deployments
REGISTER NOW





 Driving Operational Efficiency in the Digital Supply Chain
REGISTER NOW





 How to Know if Your Cloud Decision is Right for Your SMB
REGISTER NOW


VIEW ALL WEBINARS


MOST POPULAR STORIES



Is Your Enterprise Data Secured?
4 Innovative Ways to Finance Your Startup
Contact Center Analytics Market Set to Grow Substantially to 2022
AT&T Launches 5G Evolution in Indianapolis
FreeSWITCH Video Conferencing Addresses Legal Firms' Needs



















Technology Marketing Corporation

35 Nutmeg Drive Suite 340, Trumbull, Connecticut 06611 USA
Ph: 800-243-6002, 203-852-6800 
Fx: 203-866-3326 

General comments:

tmc@tmcnet.com. 
Comments about this site: webmaster@tmcnet.com.



IMPORTANT


 ADVERTISE
 CHANNELS
 COMMUNITIES
 EVENTS 
 FREE ENEWSLETTERS
 INDUSTRIES
 MEDIA KITS
 NEWS ALERTS
 PUBLICATIONS  
 PODCAST 
 TMCNET SERVICES
 VIDEOS 
 WEBINARS  
 WHITE PAPER LIBRARY  



SUBSCRIPTIONS


FREE Magazine Subscriptions
FREE eNewsletters
News Alerts and Custom RSS Feeds



Subscribe to our FREE eNewsletters
CLICK HERE


STAY CURRENT YOUR WAY













© 2017 Technology Marketing Corporation. All rights reserved | Privacy Policy 
















Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Reports Preliminary Unaudited Financial Estimates for the Second Quarter of 2017 | EON: Enhanced Online News






























News
Resources


























Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Reports Preliminary Unaudited Financial 
      Estimates for the Second Quarter of 2017






                    	July 12, 2017 05:45 AM Eastern Daylight Time 
                    	



AUSTIN, Texas--(EON: Enhanced Online News)--Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. ("Apollo") (NASDAQ: APEN), a leader in less 
      invasive medical devices for bariatric and gastrointestinal procedures, 
      today announced certain preliminary unaudited financial expectations for 
      the three months ended June 30, 2017, including preliminary revenue and 
      operating loss estimates and expected cash balance.
    

Preliminary Unaudited Second Quarter 2017 Financial Expectations



        Total GAAP revenue is estimated to be in the range of $16.9 million to 
        $17.1 million for the three months ended June 30, 2017, compared to 
        total GAAP revenue of $17.3 million in the same period in 2016, 
        representing a decrease of 1% to 2%. Total GAAP revenue included $0.3 
        million of U.S. Orbera starter kit sales in the quarter ended June 30, 
        2017, compared to $1.1 million in starter kit sales in the same period 
        in 2016, which was a very active quarter for U.S. physician training 
        for Orbera following the product’s August 2015 FDA approval. After 
        adjusting for sales of U.S. Orbera starter kits, total non-GAAP 
        revenue is estimated to be in the range of $16.6 million to $16.8 
        million for the three months ended June 30, 2017 compared to $16.2 
        million in the same period in 2016, representing an increase of 2% to 
        4%.
      

        Total GAAP Endo-Bariatric product sales is estimated to be in the 
        range of $9.4 million to $9.5 million for the three months ended June 
        30, 2017, compared to $8.4 million in the same period in 2016, 
        representing an increase of 12% to 13%. Total GAAP Endo-Bariatric 
        product sales for the three months ended June 30, 2017 and June 30, 
        2016 includes U.S. Orbera starter kit sales of $0.3 million and $1.1 
        million, respectively. Excluding these starter kit sales, total 
        Adjusted Endo-Bariatric product sales increased 25% to 26% over the 
        same period in 2016.
      

        Total GAAP surgical product sales is estimated to be in the range of 
        $7.3 million to $7.4 million for the three months ended June 30, 2017, 
        compared to $8.8 million in the same period in 2016, representing a 
        decrease of 16% to 17%.
      

        Total GAAP operating loss is estimated to be in the range of $5.5 
        million to $6.0 million for the three months ended June 30, 2017, 
        compared to $6.3 million in the same period in 2016, including 
        depreciation and amortization expenses of $2.5 million and $2.3 
        million, respectively.
      

        Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash is estimated to be 
        $6.2 million as of June 30, 2017.
      


Non-GAAP Financial Measures


      To supplement Apollo’s preliminary financial estimates presented on a 
      GAAP basis, Apollo provides certain non-GAAP financial measures, 
      including Non-GAAP revenue and Adjusted Endo-Bariatric product sales. 
      Non-GAAP revenue and Adjusted Endo-Bariatric product sales are 
      supplemental measures of Apollo’s performance that are not required by, 
      and are not determined in accordance with, GAAP. Non-GAAP revenue is 
      defined as total GAAP revenue excluding one-time U.S. Orbera starter kit 
      sales associated with the U.S. Orbera physician training program. 
      Adjusted Endo-Bariatric product sales is defined as GAAP product sales 
      of Orbera and Overstitch excluding one-time U.S. Orbera starter kit 
      sales associated with the U.S. Orbera physician training program. Apollo 
      believes that the non-GAAP financial measures included herein are 
      helpful in understanding Apollo’s past financial performance and 
      evaluating Apollo’s future results. A reconciliation for each non-GAAP 
      financial measure to its most directly comparable GAAP financial measure 
      follows.
    



           
        




            Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Expectations:
          




           
        





           
        

           
        

           
        



           
        

           
        














Three Months EndedJune 30, 2017(Estimated)








Three Months EndedJune 30, 2016(Actual)



















           
        











(in millions)




          Total GAAP Revenue
        







          $
        

          16.9 - 17.1
        







          $
        

          17.3
        





          Orbera starter kits
        







           
        

          (0.3
        

          )
        





           
        

          (1.1
        

          )
        



          Total Non-GAAP Revenue
        







          $
        

          16.6 - 16.8
        

           
        





          $
        

          16.2
        

           
        

























           
        

























           
        

























           
        












Three Months EndedJune 30, 2017(Estimated)








Three Months EndedJune 30, 2016(Actual)



















           
        











(in millions)




          Total GAAP Endo-Bariatric product sales
        







          $
        

          9.4 - 9.5
        







          $
        

          8.4
        





          Orbera starter kits
        







           
        

          (0.3
        

          )
        






             
          


          (1.1
        

          )
        



          Adjusted Endo-Bariatric product sales
        







          $
        

          9.1 - 9.2
        

           
        





          $
        

          7.3
        

           
        

















           
        



      These preliminary results represent Apollo’s estimates only based on 
      currently available information and do not present all necessary 
      information for an understanding of Apollo’s financial condition as of 
      June 30, 2017 or Apollo’s results of operations for the three months 
      ended June 30, 2017. As Apollo completes its quarter-end financial close 
      process and finalizes its second quarter 2017 unaudited financial 
      statements, Apollo will be required to make significant judgments in a 
      number of areas. This financial information has been prepared by and is 
      the responsibility of Apollo’s management. Apollo’s independent 
      registered public accounting firm has not audited, reviewed or performed 
      any procedures with respect to this preliminary financial data or the 
      accounting treatment thereof and does not express an opinion or any 
      other form of assurance with respect thereto. It is possible that Apollo 
      or its independent registered public accounting firm may identify items 
      that require it to make adjustments to the financial information set 
      forth herein and those changes could be material. Accordingly, undue 
      reliance should not be placed on these preliminary estimates. These 
      preliminary estimates are not necessarily indicative of any future 
      period and should be read together with the sections titled ‘‘Risk 
      Factors,’’ and ‘‘Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,’’ 
      and with Apollo’s financial statements, related notes and other 
      financial information included in Apollo’s reports filed with the 
      Securities and Exchange Commission.
    

Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements


      Certain statements contain in the press release are forward-looking 
      statements, including, but not limited to, statements related to 
      Apollo’s objectives and expectations (financial or otherwise), future 
      financial results, expectations regarding product adoption and other 
      statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking 
      statements are based on Apollo’s current expectations and inherently 
      involve significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the 
      timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in such 
      forward-looking statements as a result of risks and uncertainties, which 
      include, without limitation, the advancement of Apollo’s products, 
      market acceptance of Apollo’s products, statements relating to the 
      availability of cash for Apollo's future operations, Apollo’s ability to 
      support the adoption of its Endo-Bariatric products and those risks set 
      forth under the caption “Risk Factors” in Apollo’s reports filed with 
      the Securities and Exchange Commission. Apollo undertakes no duty or 
      obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in herein 
      as a result of new information, except as required by applicable law or 
      regulation.
    




 





						          	Contacts
								




      Apollo Endosurgery, Inc.Stefanie Cavanaugh, 512-279-5100Chief 
      Financial Officerinvestor-relations@apolloendo.comorThe 
      Ruth GroupLee Roth or Zack Kubow, 646-536-7000apolloendo@theruthgroup.com
    






Recent Stories





Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Results

May 04, 2017



AUSTIN, Texas--(EON: Enhanced Online News)--Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. ("Apollo") (NASDAQ: APEN), a leader in less invasive medical devices for bariatric and gastrointestinal procedures, today announ... more »





Apollo Endosurgery Features Industry-Leading Endoscopic Procedure Portfolio at Digestive Disease Week® 2017 Conference (DDW)

May 02, 2017



AUSTIN, Texas--(EON: Enhanced Online News)--Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. (“Apollo”) (NASDAQ:APEN), a leader in less invasive medical devices for bariatric and gastrointestinal procedures, today announc... more »





Apollo Endosurgery to Report First Quarter 2017 Financial Results on May 4, 2017

May 02, 2017



AUSTIN, Texas--(EON: Enhanced Online News)--Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. (“Apollo”) (NASDAQ:APEN), a leader in less invasive medical devices for bariatric and gastrointestinal procedures, today announc... more »


More Stories


 
 
 








Apollo Endosurgery, Inc.


Website


News Feed


NASDAQ:APEN
				





Share




Facebook



Twitter



LinkedIn



Delicious



Reddit



StumbleUpon



Digg



MySpace



Newsvine



Google Bookmark



Yahoo! Bookmark



Mixx



Propeller



Wikio





Email
			




 








Tweet



















Email
					






News












 
 
 



Terms of Use
Privacy
© 2017 Business Wire, Inc.











Search




 
 



 

Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. (NASDAQ:APEN) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition - Market Exclusive

































                          Sign in Join Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps     Sign in  Welcome!Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password?   Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you.   Password recovery Recover your passwordyour email     Search 
      Sign in / JoinMy Account orders                         Sign inWelcome! Log into your accountyour usernameyour password
Forgot your password? Get helpCreate an account Create an accountWelcome! Register for an accountyour emailyour username
A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recoveryRecover your passwordyour email
A password will be e-mailed to you.     Market Exclusive              Home  About Us  Privacy Policy  Disclaimer     Advertise On Market Exclusive About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Sitemap Submit a Scoop! Contact Us Become a Contributor!   Stock Market News Stocks  Analyst Ratings Insider Trading SEC Filings Earnings   Biotech Stocks Small Caps           

  Home  SEC Filings  Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. (NASDAQ:APEN) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial...     SEC Filings  Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. (NASDAQ:APEN) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition  ByME Staff 8-k -July 12, 2017 15  Share on Facebook
Tweet on Twitter


 Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. (NASDAQ:APEN) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial ConditionItem 2.02Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On July 12, 2017, Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. issued a press release announcing certain preliminary unaudited financial estimates for the three months ended June 30, 2017, including preliminary revenue and operating loss estimates and expected cash balance. The estimates are based on currently available information and do not present all necessary information for a complete understanding of our financial condition as of June 30, 2017 or our results of operations for the three months ended June 30, 2017. A copy of our press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.
The information in Item 2.02 of this report and the press release attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1, is furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or subject to the liabilities of that Section or Sections11 and 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The information contained herein and in the accompanying Exhibit 99.1 shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission made by us, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.
Item 9.01Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d)Exhibits
       Exhibit No.   Description of Document     99.1   Press release, issued by Apollo Endosurgery, Inc., dated July 12, 2017.   Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. ExhibitEX-99.1 2 exhibit991.htm EXHIBIT 99.1 Exhibit Exhibit 99.1 AUSTIN,…To view the full exhibit click here About Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. (NASDAQ:APEN) Apollo Endosurgery, Inc., formerly Lpath, Inc., is a medical device company. The Company is focused on less invasive therapies for the treatment of obesity, as well as other gastrointestinal disorders. The Company’s device-based therapies are an alternative to invasive surgical procedures. The Company offers products in over 80 countries. The Company’s products include ORBERA, LAP-BAND and OverStitch. The Company’s product, ORBERA, is a gastric balloon. The ORBERA Intragastric Balloon System is a weight loss aid for adults suffering from obesity. The LAP-BAND System is a minimally invasive procedure that offers weight loss. The LAP-BAND System is indicated for weight reduction for patients with obesity. The OverStitch Endoscopic Suturing System enables advanced endoscopic surgery by allowing physicians to place full-thickness sutures through a flexible endoscope. OverStitch offers solutions for defects in both the upper and lower gastrointestinal tract.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.An ad to help with our costs

RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR      Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (TSE:CP) Files An 8-K Other Events    Duos Technologies Group, Inc. (OTCMKTS:DUOT) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement    VECTREN CORPORATION (NYSE:VVC) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement     Technovative Group, Inc. (OTCMKTS:TEHG) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain...    PACIFIC CONTINENTAL CORPORATION (NASDAQ:PCBK) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits    MENDOCINO BREWING COMPANY, INC. (OTCMKTS:MENB) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement  Subscribe to our Newsletter

Email *











First nameLast nameEmail



A word from the sponsor      Latest Articles
 PINGTAN MARINE ENTERPRISE LTD. (NASDAQ:PME) Files An 8-K Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 RAYONIER ADVANCED MATERIALS INC. (NYSE:RYAM) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits 
 ARMSTRONG WORLD INDUSTRIES, INC. (NYSE:AWI) Files An 8-K Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

  Recent Posts 
 Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (TSE:CP) Files An 8-K Other Events 
 Duos Technologies Group, Inc. (OTCMKTS:DUOT) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 
 VECTREN CORPORATION (NYSE:VVC) Files An 8-K Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement 
 Technovative Group, Inc. (OTCMKTS:TEHG) Files An 8-K Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers 
 PACIFIC CONTINENTAL CORPORATION (NASDAQ:PCBK) Files An 8-K Financial Statements and Exhibits 

 Sponsored      EDITOR PICKS    Biotech Movers: Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) and Pfizer Inc. (NYSE:PFE)  July 17, 2017   Biotech Movers: TESARO Inc (NASDAQ:TSRO) and Mylan N.V. (NASDAQ:MYL)  July 14, 2017   Novartis AG (ADR) (NYSE:NVS) Just Took A Big Step Forward In...  July 13, 2017 POPULAR POSTS    This Small Nasdaq Hidden Gem May Have a $2.8B Drug  July 16, 2017   Weekly Biotech Report covering – Opko Health Inc (NYSE:OPK) Intercept...  April 11, 2016   Facebook Inc – (NASDAQ:FB) Might Be Moving Away From Its...  April 8, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORYSEC Filings37676LSE1947Stocks1360Tech News1248Biotech Stocks1168Stock Market News1117Small Caps710Canada470Press Releases453   ABOUT USMarket Exclusive offers the latest financial news and analysis for selected US stocks and securities. We are an investor driven research platform where new investment ideas from a exclusively selected group of seasoned investment analysts and qualified members from various disciplines are able to deliver their investment thesis’ across various industries and sectors. Our burgeoning team is comprised of individuals with strong backgrounds from various disciplines and businesses. Our goal is to provide an exclusive forum for contributors and users to leverage the knowledge base in order to make smarter investing decisions.
At Market Exclusive, we believe that quality information from experienced well seasoned contributors provide our members with an edge that allows them to make wise investment choices.
Market Exclusive is not a registered investment broker/dealer. The content on this site is for informational purposes only. Additionally, the content on this site does not represent the views of Market Exclusive and is solely a representation of the authors who publish them. Before investing in any security you should do your own due diligence and consult with a registered broker or financial advisor.Contact us: [email protected]FOLLOW US


















    SEC Filings Stocks Stock Market News Tech News Biotech Stocks Featured Small Caps gold Other News Oil Become a Contributor! About Marketexclusive.com Contributors Advertise On Market Exclusive Contact Us   © Market Exclusive 2015

 



































OverStitch ™ - Apollo Endosurgery, Inc.

























































  
















    Creating a new market forless invasive therapy.



























Creating a new market for less invasive therapy.














OverStitch™ Endoscopic Suturing System
The OverStitch™ Endoscopic Suturing System enables advanced endoscopic surgery by allowing physicians to place full-thickness sutures through a flexible endoscope. With this new technology, you can provide secure approximation of tissue endoscopically. The OverStitch™ System is enabling a wide range of less invasive solutions for your patients.
Want to learn more? Click to have an Apollo Representative contact you.
 
Product Highlights




Flexibility to deploy both running and interrupted stitches allows the device to help treat a wide range of indications
Curved needle design allows for controlled depth of suture placement and enables the placement of durable full-thickness stitches






Deploying and reloading sutures while maintaining direct visualization of the operative site allows for better control and helps minimize scope insertions/removals
Cinch design provides fast, secure closure without the need to tie complex surgical knots
















 


OverStitch™ Endoscopic Suturing System Overview
OverStitch™ attaches proximally and distally to an Olympus Dual Channel endoscope allowing for endolumenal suturing in multiple applications. The OverStitch™ handle, mounted to the endoscope control handle, actuates the needle driver attached at the distal end. An anchor exchange catheter is placed in one scope channel to manage the passing of the suture, while the secondary channel can be utilized to operate the tissue helix for atraumatic tissue manipulation. Once the suturing pattern is completed, a PEEK Cinch is deployed to provide knotless fixation.

See How OverStitch™ Works  


















 


Gastrointestinal and Bariatric Solutions


OverStitch™ support procedures that depend on closure, apposition, or hemostasis of soft tissue in the upper and lower GI tract.  Procedures include traditional GI applications such as fistula closure, endoscopic submucosal dissections (ESDs), endoscopic mucosal resections (EMRs), and peroral endoscopic myotomy (POEM) procedures; as well as established and emerging bariatric applications.    





















ORBERA®LAP-BAND®OVERSTITCH™INVESTORSCONTACT USSend InquiryPlace Your OrderCOMPANYAbout UsNewsManagementBoard of DirectorsGlobal LocationsComplianceCareers




Apollo Endosurgery, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 23, 2017 4:52 PM ET
Healthcare Equipment and Supplies

Company Overview of Apollo Endosurgery, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Apollo Endosurgery, Inc., a medical technology company, focuses on the design, development, and commercialization of medical devices for the treatment of obesity. The company offers endo-bariatric products, such as Orbera intragastric balloon system, a non-surgical alternative for the treatment of overweight and obese adults; and OverStitch, an endoscopic suturing system that enables endoscopic procedures by allowing physicians to place full-thickness sutures and secure the approximation of tissue through an Olympus dual-channel flexible endoscope. It also provides surgical products, including Lap-Band system, a system designed to provide minimally invasive long-term treatment of obesity; an...
Apollo Endosurgery, Inc., a medical technology company, focuses on the design, development, and commercialization of medical devices for the treatment of obesity. The company offers endo-bariatric products, such as Orbera intragastric balloon system, a non-surgical alternative for the treatment of overweight and obese adults; and OverStitch, an endoscopic suturing system that enables endoscopic procedures by allowing physicians to place full-thickness sutures and secure the approximation of tissue through an Olympus dual-channel flexible endoscope. It also provides surgical products, including Lap-Band system, a system designed to provide minimally invasive long-term treatment of obesity; and accessories used in laparoscopic bariatric surgeries. The company sells its products primarily in the United States, Europe, Australia, Brazil, and Canada. Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. is headquartered in Austin, Texas.
Detailed Description


Building 1Suite 3001120 South Capital of Texas HighwayAustin, TX 78746United States193 Employees



Phone: 512-279-5100

www.apolloendo.com







Key Executives for Apollo Endosurgery, Inc.




Mr. Todd Newton


      	Chief Executive Officer & Director
      


Age: 54
        

Total Annual Compensation: $400.0K








Mr. Dennis L. McWilliams


      	Founder, President and Chief Commercial Officer
      


Age: 46
        

Total Annual Compensation: $350.0K








Mr. Charles Tribié


      	Executive Vice President of Operations
      


Age: 64
        

Total Annual Compensation: $285.0K








Mr. Bret Schwartzhoff


      	Vice President of US Sales and Marketing
      


Age: 44
        

Total Annual Compensation: $345.0K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Key Developments

Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Provides Earnings Guidance for the Second Quarter Ended June 30, 2017
Jul 12 17
Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. provided earnings guidance for the second quarter ended June 30, 2017. Total GAAP revenue is estimated to be in the range of $16.9 million to $17.1 million for the three months ended June 30, 2017, compared to total GAAP revenue of $17.3 million in the same period in 2016, representing a decrease of 1% to 2%. Total GAAP revenue included $0.3 million of U.S. Orbera starter kit sales in the quarter ended June 30, 2017, compared to $1.1 million in starter kit sales in the same period in 2016, which was a very active quarter for U.S. physician training for Orbera following the product’s August 2015FDA approval. Total GAAP operating loss is estimated to be in the range of $5.5 million to $6.0 million for the three months ended June 30, 2017, compared to $6.3 million in the same period in 2016, including depreciation and amortization expenses of $2.5 million and $2.3 million, respectively.


Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Approves Amendments to Articles of Incorporation
Jun 13 17
At the 2017 Annual Meeting held on June 9, 2017, stockholders of Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. voted on and approved the amendment and restatement of certificate of incorporation, or the Restated Certificate, to effect the following changes: to establish a classified board structure whereby the board will be divided into three classes, with each class having a three year term; to permit stockholder action to be taken only at a duly called annual or special meeting and to eliminate action by written consent or electronic transmission of stockholders; to allow special meetings of stockholders to be called by (i) the chairman of the board, (ii) the chief executive officer, or (iii) the board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors and eliminate the provisions allowing a special meeting of stockholders to be called upon request by the holders of the shares entitled to cast not less than 50% of the votes at the annual meeting of stockholders; to designate the court of chancery of the state of delaware, to the fullest extent permitted by law, as the sole and exclusive forum for specified legal actions unless they otherwise consent; and to prohibit director removal without cause and allow removal with cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all then-outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote generally at an election of directors.


Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Announces Unaudited Consolidated Financial Results for the First Quarter Ended March 31, 2017
May 4 17
Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. announced unaudited consolidated financial results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017. Total revenue in the first quarter 2017 was $14.6 million, compared to $16.3 million in the first quarter 2016, a decrease of 10%. Net loss attributable to common stockholders for the first quarter 2017 was $8.217 million or $0.77 per diluted share compared to $8.262 million or $25.44 per diluted share for the first quarter 2016. Loss from operations was $6,811,000 against $3,021,000 for the same period of last year. Net loss before income taxes was $8,167,000 against $5,905,000 for the same period of last year. Net cash used in operating activities was $3,451,000 against $4,749,000 for the same period of last year. Purchases of property and equipment was $253,000 against $419,000 for the same period of last year. Purchase of intangibles and other assets was $177,000 against $367,000 for the same period of last year.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 .decimal, Inc. United States 20/20 GeneSystems, Inc. United States 20/20 Imaging LLC United States 21st Century Scientific, Inc. United States 21X Corporation United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      September 8, 2016
			    
Lpath, Inc.





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Apollo Endosurgery, Inc., please visit www.apolloendo.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 



Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Announces FDA Approval of the ORBERATM Intragastric Balloon, a Non-Surgical Solution to Assist Patients in Weight Loss | Business Wire


























































Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Announces FDA Approval of the ORBERATM 
      Intragastric Balloon, a Non-Surgical Solution to Assist Patients in 
      Weight Loss







        3.1 times the weight loss than diet and exercise alone
      

        Safe and effective weight loss solution with over 220,000 placements 
        worldwide
      










Download



Windows Media Video


Quicktime


MPEG-4 Video






Loading media player...




ORBERA(TM) Intragastric Balloon Placement & Removal Video


???pagination.previous???
???pagination.next???







ORBERA(TM) Intragastric Balloon Placement & Removal Video





Windows Media Video




Quicktime




MPEG-4 Video








ORBERA(TM) Intragastric Balloon (Photo: Business Wire)





Full Size








Small








Preview








Thumbnail


















Small








Preview








Thumbnail














August 06, 2015 08:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time



AUSTIN, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apollo Endosurgery, Inc., a leader in minimally invasive endoscopic 
      surgical products for bariatric and gastrointestinal procedures, today 
      announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved 
      the ORBERA™ Intragastric Balloon to assist adult patients suffering from 
      obesity - with a body mass index (BMI) of 30 to 40 - in losing and 
      maintaining weight.
    


      The ORBERA™ balloon is part of the ORBERATM Managed Weight 
      Loss System, a comprehensive, non-surgical two-part program that 
      includes a balloon filling space in a patient’s stomach to reinforce 
      proper portion control. Data on ORBERA™ collected in the U.S. clinical 
      trial has shown that the average person lost 3.1 times the weight as 
      compared with diet and exercise alone within six months.
    

      “While new to the United States, ORBERA™ is a weight loss device with 
      more than 220,000 balloons distributed in over 80 countries and 
      approximately 230 published papers documenting its clinical results,” 
      said Todd Newton, Chief Executive Officer of Apollo Endosurgery. 
      “ORBERA™ is a proven, innovative and non-surgical solution to help fight 
      the obesity epidemic and treat patients before their disease progresses 
      and requires more invasive treatments. With the FDA approval of ORBERA™, 
      Apollo can now offer this safe and effective solution to patients and 
      their physicians in the United States.”
    

      “For many, the weight loss journey leaves patients with little support 
      or options other than diet and exercise and traditional surgery. The 
      approval of ORBERA™ fills this gap in available treatments and is an 
      exciting development for healthcare professionals who are committed to 
      providing patients with less invasive options that can assist them in 
      reaching their long-term weight loss goals,” said Christine 
      Ren-Fielding, M.D., a New York-based bariatric surgeon. “ORBERA™ gives 
      us a new weight loss option to help address what has become a critical 
      health issue in the United States.”
    

Introducing ORBERATM


      ORBERA™ is an incision-less, non-surgical weight loss solution designed 
      for adult patients suffering from obesity, who are not appropriate for 
      or considering invasive surgery, but for whom diet and exercise or 
      pharmaceutical interventions have not worked.
    

      In a non-surgical (endoscopic) procedure done under a mild sedative, the 
      thin and deflated ORBERA™ balloon is placed into the stomach. It is then 
      filled with saline until it’s about the size of a grapefruit. The 
      procedure typically takes about 20 to 30 minutes and the patient can 
      generally go home the same day. At six months, through another 
      non-surgical procedure done under a mild sedative, the ORBERA™ balloon 
      is deflated and then removed.
    

      Once the balloon is in place, the patient receives an individually 
      tailored support program through the ORBERATM Managed Weight 
      Loss System team of experts - which may include a dietician, 
      psychologist and exercise physiologist - to help keep them motivated, 
      coordinate their program and help them work through weight loss barriers 
      to meet their long-term weight loss goals. Coaching takes place over 12 
      months, even though the balloon is removed after six months. The program 
      is designed to help the patient develop sustainable, healthy habits that 
      will help keep weight off over time.
    

ORBERA™ Pivotal Study Results


      In the U.S. pivotal ORBERA™ clinical trial, a multicenter, prospective, 
      randomized, non-blinded comparative study, patients suffering from 
      obesity with a BMI between 30 and 40 were randomized to treatment or 
      control in a 1:1 ratio. The treatment group underwent placement of the 
      ORBERA™ balloon followed by removal after six months. They concurrently 
      participated in a 12-month behavioral modification program. The control 
      group participated in the 12-month behavioral modification program 
      alone. For patients in the treatment group, the device was removed at 
      month six, with regular office visits continuing through one year.
    

      A total of 125 patients were randomized to the treatment group and 130 
      patients were randomized to the control group.
    

      Detailed findings from the trial include:
    


        At month six, the ORBERA™ group achieved a mean of 38.4 percent Excess 
        Weight Loss (EWL).
      

        Mean Total Body Weight Loss (TBWL) at six months was 10.2 percent for 
        the treatment group compared to 3.3 percent TBWL for the control group.
      

        The ORBERA™ group lost 3.1 times as much weight as the control group 
        at six months.
      

        The ORBERA™ group also lost significantly more weight than the control 
        group over the course of the study, and was able to maintain 
        significant weight loss through month 12, six months after removal of 
        the device.
      


      For more than 20 years, the global medical community has been using 
      intragastric balloons from the makers of ORBERA™ to help thousands of 
      people lose weight. More than 220,000 ORBERATM balloons have 
      been distributed worldwide in over 80 countries.
    

      For additional information regarding ORBERA™, please visit Orbera.com.
    

      For full safety information please visit orbera.com/dfu, talk with your 
      doctor, or call Apollo Customer Support at 1-855-MYORBERA
    

About Apollo Endosurgery, Inc.


      Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. is revolutionizing the treatment of obesity and 
      other gastrointestinal disorders by developing less invasive solutions 
      for a whole new group of patients not seeking treatment today. Apollo is 
      a global innovator pushing boundaries to bring new technologies and 
      innovative products to markets in over 80 countries today. In 
      particular, Apollo’s bariatric products fill the gap between 
      non-surgical weight loss solutions and invasive surgeries, allowing 
      physicians to do more for those patients who require more than drug 
      therapy and dietary advice. For more information regarding Apollo 
      Endosurgery, go to: www.apolloendo.com.
    

      © 2015 Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. All rights reserved. Any third-party 
      trademarks used herein are the property of their respective owners.
    


Contacts

      Apollo Endosurgery, Inc.Jennifer Cook, 512-279-5158jen.cook@apolloendo.com

















Contacts

      Apollo Endosurgery, Inc.Jennifer Cook, 512-279-5158jen.cook@apolloendo.com







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












 



Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Results | Business Wire
























































Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Results




Conference Call to Discuss Results Today at 7:30 a.m. CT / 8:30 a.m. 
      ET






May 04, 2017 08:34 AM Eastern Daylight Time



AUSTIN, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. ("Apollo") (NASDAQ: APEN), a leader in less 
      invasive medical devices for bariatric and gastrointestinal procedures, 
      today announced financial results for the three months ended March 31, 
      2017.
    

First Quarter Highlights



        Total revenue of $14.6 million
      

        Endo-bariatric sales of $7.3 million
      

        Surgical sales of $7.1 million
      


      Todd Newton, CEO of Apollo, said, “We were very satisfied with our first 
      quarter sales. First, we continued to build momentum for our 
      endo-bariatric products. In the first quarter of 2016, we were very 
      actively engaged in the launch of ORBERA® in the U.S. and, last year’s 
      endo-bariatric sales included $2.1 million of first-time starter kit 
      sales to physicians as they completed training on the product. In the 
      first quarter of 2017, U.S. starter kit sales were $0.3 million, 
      reflecting our intentional transition to focus on ORBERA utilization in 
      existing accounts. Total U.S. endo-bariatric sales in the first quarter 
      of 2017 were $3.5 million, a decrease of 23% compared to $4.5 million in 
      the first quarter of 2016, however, excluding these one-time U.S. ORBERA 
      starter kit sales, adjusted U.S. endo-bariatric product sales were $3.2 
      million in the first quarter 2017, an increase of 31% compared to 
      adjusted U.S. endo-bariatric product sales of $2.4 million in the first 
      quarter 2016 reflecting both a solid ORBERA reorder rate and OverStitch™ 
      sales growth. Second, the decline rate of our worldwide surgical 
      business slowed in the first quarter. In the U.S., the rate of surgical 
      sales decline in the first quarter was half that which we experienced in 
      the year 2016 and surgical product sales outside the United States in 
      the first quarter of 2017 increased 5% compared to the first quarter of 
      last year.”
    

First Quarter 2017 Financial Results


      Total revenue in the first quarter 2017 was $14.6 million, compared to 
      $16.3 million in the first quarter 2016, a decrease of 10%.
    

      Total endo-bariatric sales in the first quarter 2017 were $7.3 million, 
      a decrease of 11% compared to $8.2 million in the first quarter 2016. 
      The first quarter 2017 included $0.3 million of U.S. ORBERA starter kit 
      sales compared to $2.1 million in starter kit sales in the first quarter 
      2016, which was a very active quarter for U.S. physician training for 
      ORBERA following the product’s August 2015 FDA approval. Total U.S. 
      endo-bariatric sales in the first quarter of 2017 were $3.5 million, a 
      decrease of 23% compared to $4.5 million in the first quarter of 2016, 
      however, excluding these one-time U.S. ORBERA starter kit sales, 
      adjusted U.S. endo-bariatric product sales were $3.2 million in the 
      first quarter 2017, an increase of 31% compared to adjusted U.S. 
      endo-bariatric product sales of $2.4 million in the first quarter 2016, 
      driven by growth in ORBERA reorders and increasing OverStitch sales.
    

      Surgical sales in the first quarter 2017 were $7.1 million, compared to 
      $8.0 million in the first quarter 2016, a decrease of 11%, reflecting an 
      expected decline in gastric banding procedures. By geography, first 
      quarter 2017 surgical sales declined by $1.0 million in the U.S. and 
      increased by $0.2 million internationally.
    

      Gross margin for the first quarter 2017 was 65%, compared to 70% for the 
      first quarter 2016. The decline in gross margin was caused by changes in 
      product sales mix between the quarters.
    

      Total operating expenses were $16.3 million in the first quarter 2017, 
      compared to $14.4 million in the first quarter 2016. The increase is 
      primarily due to higher legal costs included in general and 
      administrative expenses associated with initial filings and other public 
      company activities that are not expected to repeat each quarter. 
      Research and development expenses also increased due to activities to 
      improve supply reliability of the OverStitch product.
    

      Interest expense for the first quarter 2017 decreased $1.3 million due 
      to the elimination of non-cash interest of $1.2 million associated with 
      the convertible notes that converted to equity in December 2016.
    

      Net loss for the first quarter 2017 was $8.2 million compared to $6.0 
      million for the first quarter 2016.
    

      Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash were $9.2 million as of 
      March 31, 2017.
    

Capitalization Update


      The decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash from $20.0 
      million as of December 31, 2016 includes a $7.0 million principal 
      repayment on the Company’s senior secured credit facility (the “Credit 
      Agreement”) made as part of an amendment to the terms of its Credit 
      Agreement. As part of the new amendment, the minimum cash balance 
      requirement of $8.0 million was also eliminated. In conjunction with the 
      amendment, the lender waived all prepayment premiums and exit fees on 
      the principal repayment and certain financial covenants of the senior 
      secured credit facility were reduced.
    

Conference Call


      The Company will host a conference call on May 4, 2017 at 7:30 a.m. 
      Central Time / 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time to discuss the Company's operating 
      results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2017.
    

      To participate in the conference call dial (888) 578-6632 for domestic 
      callers and (719) 325-2493 for international callers. The conference ID 
      number is 2887552.
    

      A telephonic replay of the call will be available until May 11, 2017. 
      The replay dial-in numbers are (844) 512-2921 for domestic callers and 
      (412) 317-6671 for international callers. The replay conference ID 
      number is 2887552.
    

Non-GAAP Financial Measures


      To supplement Apollo’s condensed consolidated financial statements 
      presented on a U.S. GAAP basis, Apollo provides certain non-GAAP 
      financial information to assist investors in assessing its operations in 
      the way that its management evaluates those operations. Adjusted U.S. 
      endo-bariatric product sales is a supplemental measure of Apollo’s 
      performance that is not required by, and is not determined in accordance 
      with, GAAP. Non-GAAP financial information is not a substitute for any 
      financial measure determined in accordance with GAAP and should be read 
      only in conjunction with Apollo’s condensed consolidated financial 
      statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. Apollo’s management uses 
      certain supplemental non-GAAP financial measures internally to 
      understand, manage and evaluate Apollo’s business, and make operating 
      decisions. Reconciliations for each non-GAAP financial measure to its 
      most directly comparable GAAP financial measure is provided in the 
      tables below. Management believes that making non-GAAP financial 
      information available to investors, in addition to GAAP financial 
      information, may facilitate more consistent comparisons between the 
      company's performance over time with the performance of other companies 
      in the medical device industry, which may use similar financial measures 
      to supplement their GAAP financial information.
    

      Adjusted U.S. endo-bariatric product sales is defined as GAAP product 
      sales of ORBERA and Overstitch in the U.S. excluding one-time U.S. 
      ORBERA starter kit sales.
    

About Apollo Endosurgery, Inc.


      Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. is a medical device company focused on less 
      invasive therapies for the treatment of obesity, a condition facing over 
      600 million people globally, as well as other gastrointestinal 
      disorders. Apollo’s device based therapies are an alternative to 
      invasive surgical procedures, thus lowering complication rates and 
      reducing total healthcare costs. Apollo's products are offered in over 
      80 countries today.
    

      Apollo’s common stock is traded on NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol 
      "APEN". For more information regarding Apollo Endosurgery, go 
      to: www.apolloendo.com.
    

Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements


      Certain statements in this press release are forward-looking statements 
      that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause results to 
      be materially different than expectations. Important factors that could 
      cause actual results to differ materially include: the advancement of 
      Apollo products; development of enhancements to Apollo’s existing 
      products and technologies; market acceptance of Apollo’s products; and 
      statements relating to the availability of cash for Apollo's future 
      operations, Apollo’s ability to support the adoption of its 
      endo-bariatric products and its ability to broaden its product portfolio 
      as well as other factors detailed in Apollo’s Registration Statement on 
      Form S-4 (file no. 333-214059) and Apollo’s periodic reports filed with 
      the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. Copies of reports filed 
      with the SEC are posted on Apollo’s website and are available from 
      Apollo without charge. These forward-looking statements are not 
      guarantees of future performance and speak only as of the date hereof, 
      and, except as required by law, Apollo disclaims any obligation to 
      update these forward-looking statements to reflect future events or 
      circumstances.
    





           
        





APOLLO ENDOSURGERY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES




Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations




(In thousands, except for share data)




(unaudited)








           
        







Three Months Ended March 31,








           
        

2017


           
        

           
        

           
        

2016


           
        



          Revenues
        



          $
        

          14,622
        





          $
        

          16,277
        





          Cost of sales
        



           
        

          5,096
        

           
        



           
        

          4,909
        

           
        



          Gross margin
        



           
        

          9,526
        

           
        



           
        

          11,368
        

           
        



          Operating expenses:
        











          Sales and marketing
        





          8,379
        







          8,321
        





          General and administrative
        





          4,187
        







          2,635
        





          Research and development
        





          1,957
        







          1,654
        





          Amortization of intangible assets
        



           
        

          1,814
        

           
        



           
        

          1,779
        

           
        



          Total operating expenses
        



           
        

          16,337
        

           
        



           
        

          14,389
        

           
        



          Loss from operations
        





          (6,811
        

          )
        





          (3,021
        

          )
        



          Other expenses:
        











          Interest expense, net
        





          1,481
        







          2,826
        





          Other expense (income)
        



           
        

          (125
        

          )
        



           
        

          58
        

           
        



          Net loss before income taxes
        





          (8,167
        

          )
        





          (5,905
        

          )
        



          Income tax expense
        



           
        

          50
        

           
        



           
        

          99
        

           
        



          Net loss
        





          (8,217
        

          )
        





          (6,004
        

          )
        



          Current dividends on convertible preferred stock
        



           
        

          —
        

           
        



           
        

          (2,258
        

          )
        



          Net loss attributable to common stockholders
        



          $
        

          (8,217
        

          )
        



          $
        

          (8,262
        

          )
        



          Net loss per share, basic and diluted
        



          $
        

          (0.77
        

          )
        



          $
        

          (25.44
        

          )
        



          Shares used in computing net loss per share, basic and diluted (1)






          10,694,221
        







          324,768
        





      _________________________________________
    



(1)


           
        

          On December 29, 2016, 9.9 million common shares were issued upon 
          completion of the Lpath merger.
        







           
        



           
        





APOLLO ENDOSURGERY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES




Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets




(In thousands, except for share data)












           
        







March 31, 2017




December 31, 2016








(Unaudited)








Assets












          Current assets:
        











          Cash and cash equivalents
        



          $
        

          8,300
        





          $
        

          19,111
        





          Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $482 
          and $479, respectively
        





          10,026
        







          10,509
        





          Inventory, net
        





          11,710
        







          12,163
        





          Prepaid expenses and other current assets
        



           
        

          2,102
        

           
        



           
        

          1,838
        

           
        



          Total current assets
        





          32,138
        







          43,621
        





          Restricted cash
        





          934
        







          930
        





          Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of $4,927 
          and $4,404, respectively
        





          6,632
        







          6,889
        





          Goodwill
        





          6,828
        







          6,828
        





          Intangible assets, net
        





          41,618
        







          43,315
        





          Other assets
        



           
        

          424
        

           
        



           
        

          541
        

           
        



          Total assets
        



          $
        

          88,574
        

           
        



          $
        

          102,124
        

           
        



Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity












          Current liabilities:
        











          Accounts payable
        



          $
        

          6,449
        





          $
        

          5,145
        





          Accrued expenses
        





          6,265
        







          6,630
        





          Payable to related parties
        



           
        

          8,505
        

           
        



           
        

          8,505
        

           
        



          Total current liabilities
        





          21,219
        







          20,280
        





          Long-term debt
        



           
        

          32,882
        

           
        



           
        

          39,427
        

           
        



          Total liabilities
        



           
        

          54,101
        

           
        



           
        

          59,707
        

           
        



          Commitments and contingencies
        











          Stockholders' equity:
        











          Common stock; $0.001 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; 
          10,698,210 and 10,688,992 shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 
          2017 and December 31, 2016, respectively
        





          11
        







          11
        





          Additional paid-in capital
        





          190,795
        







          190,664
        





          Accumulated other comprehensive income
        





          1,613
        







          1,471
        





          Accumulated deficit
        



           
        

          (157,946
        

          )
        



           
        

          (149,729
        

          )
        



          Total stockholders' equity
        



           
        

          34,473
        

           
        



           
        

          42,417
        

           
        



          Total liabilities and stockholders' equity
        



          $
        

          88,574
        

           
        



          $
        

          102,124
        

           
        





APOLLO ENDOSURGERY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES




Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows




(In thousands)




(unaudited)






           
        

Three Months Ended March 31,








           
        

2017


           
        

           
        

           
        

2016


           
        



          Cash flows from operating activities:
        











          Net loss
        



          $
        

          (8,217
        

          )
        



          $
        

          (6,004
        

          )
        



          Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating 
          activities:
        











          Depreciation and amortization
        





          2,399
        







          2,075
        





          Amortization of deferred financing costs
        





          172
        







          94
        





          Non-cash interest expense
        





          284
        







          1,745
        





          Provision for doubtful accounts receivable
        





          —
        







          33
        





          Change in inventory reserve
        





          80
        







          —
        





          Stock based compensation
        





          110
        







          104
        





          Foreign exchange on short-term intercompany loans
        





          (236
        

          )
        





          223
        





          Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
        











          Accounts receivable
        





          658
        







          (952
        

          )
        



          Inventory
        





          514
        







          1,147
        





          Prepaid expenses and other assets
        





          (131
        

          )
        





          381
        





          Accounts payable and accrued expenses
        



           
        

          916
        

           
        



           
        

          (3,595
        

          )
        



          Net cash used in operating activities
        



           
        

          (3,451
        

          )
        



           
        

          (4,749
        

          )
        



          Cash flows from investing activities:
        











          Purchases of property and equipment
        





          (253
        

          )
        





          (419
        

          )
        



          Purchase of intangibles and other assets
        



           
        

          (177
        

          )
        



           
        

          (367
        

          )
        



          Net cash used in investing activities
        



           
        

          (430
        

          )
        



           
        

          (786
        

          )
        



          Cash flows from financing activities:
        











          Proceeds from exercise of stock options
        





          21
        







          39
        





          Payment of debt
        



           
        

          (7,000
        

          )
        



           
        

          —
        

           
        



          Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities
        





          (6,979
        

          )
        





          39
        





          Effect of exchange rate changes on cash
        



           
        

          53
        

           
        



           
        

          5
        

           
        



          Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
        





          (10,807
        

          )
        





          (5,491
        

          )
        



          Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year
        



           
        

          20,041
        

           
        



           
        

          22,586
        

           
        



          Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period
        



          $
        

          9,234
        

           
        



          $
        

          17,095
        

           
        







           
        



           
        





APOLLO ENDOSURGERY, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES




Product Sales by Product Group and Geographic Market




(In Thousands)




(unaudited)












           
        







Three Months Ended March 31, 2017




Three Months Ended March 31, 2016








U.S.


           
        

OUS


           
        


TotalRevenue



           
        


% TotalRevenue





U.S.


           
        

OUS


           
        


TotalRevenue



           
        


% TotalRevenue





          Endo-bariatric
        



          $
        

          3,496
        





          $
        

          3,838
        





          $
        

          7,334
        



          50.2
        

          %
        



          $
        

          4,549
        





          $
        

          3,655
        





          $
        

          8,204
        



          50.4
        

          %
        



          Surgical
        





          4,202
        







          2,923
        







          7,125
        



          48.7
        

          %
        





          5,202
        







          2,772
        







          7,974
        



          49.0
        

          %
        



          Other
        



           
        

          157
        

           
        



           
        

          6
        

           
        



           
        

          163
        



          1.1
        

          %
        



           
        

          93
        

           
        



           
        

          6
        

           
        



           
        

          99
        



          0.6
        

          %
        



          Total revenues
        



          $
        

          7,855
        

           
        



          $
        

          6,767
        

           
        



          $
        

          14,622
        



          100.0
        

          %
        



          $
        

          9,844
        

           
        



          $
        

          6,433
        

           
        



          $
        

          16,277
        



          100.0
        

          %
        



          % Total revenue
        





          53.7
        

          %
        





          46.3
        

          %
        













          60.5
        

          %
        





          39.5
        

          %
        











      _________________________________________
    





           
        



           
        





RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP FINANCIAL INFORMATION




(In thousands)




(unaudited)












           
        








Three Months EndedMarch 31, 2017






Three Months EndedMarch 31, 2016





          GAAP Total U.S. Endo-bariatric product sales
        



          $
        

          3,496
        





          $
        

          4,549
        





          ORBERA Starter Kits
        



           
        

          (318
        

          )
        



           
        

          (2,128
        

          )
        



          Adjusted U.S. Endo-bariatric product sales
        



          $
        

          3,178
        

           
        



          $
        

          2,421
        

           
        






Contacts

      Apollo Endosurgery, Inc.Stefanie Cavanaugh, 512-279-5100Chief 
      Financial Officerinvestor-relations@apolloendo.comorThe 
      Ruth GroupNick Laudico or Zack Kubow, 646-536-7000apolloendo@theruthgroup.com
    

















Contacts

      Apollo Endosurgery, Inc.Stefanie Cavanaugh, 512-279-5100Chief 
      Financial Officerinvestor-relations@apolloendo.comorThe 
      Ruth GroupNick Laudico or Zack Kubow, 646-536-7000apolloendo@theruthgroup.com
    








 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up














APEN Stock Price - Apollo Endosurgery Inc. Stock Quote (U.S.: Nasdaq) - MarketWatch



























 














































 















Sections

Watchlist




























Signup
 • 
Login

Search







Bulletin











US
Europe
Asia
FX
Rates
Futures


Range


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
1Y
2Y











Dow

21,580.07


-31.71


-0.15%











S&P 500

2,472.54


-0.91


-0.04%











Nasdaq

6,387.75


-2.25


-0.04%











GlobalDow

2,833.20


-8.47


-0.30%











Gold

1,261.10


9.00


0.72%











Oil

45.60


-1.32


-2.81%

















S&P 500 Movers(%)



CTAS 
9.2




COF 
8.6




ETFC 
5.1




SYF 
4.5






HP
-5.5




ISRG
-4.6




HBAN
-4.4




CHK
-3.1














Latest NewsAll Times Eastern








4:50p

Updated
My uncle with dementia needs long-term care — should I refinance his house?



4:49p

Updated
This is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight



4:45p

Updated
5 easily avoidable reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)



4:45p

Updated
Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring



4:44p

Updated
Nearly 40% of adults don’t have life insurance — these startups are trying to change that



4:44p

Updated
Marie Kondo says this one thing could be holding you back from falling in love



4:43p

Updated
This luxury credit card is only for truly big spenders



4:43p

Updated
How Elon Musk and shorter commutes could transform people’s lives



4:43p

Updated
Banks have raised credit-card interest rates — but not savings account rates



4:43p

Updated
The most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco












to be replaced

























































































































    




Home


Investing


Quotes


Stocks


United States


APEN


Overview



Compare Quotes
Stock Screener
Earnings Calendar
Sectors
Nasdaq

 



APEN
U.S.: Nasdaq


Join TD Ameritrade

Find a Broker


Apollo Endosurgery Inc.

Watchlist 
CreateAPENAlert



  


After Hours

Last Updated: Jul 21, 2017 4:06 p.m. EDT
Delayed quote



$
6.186



-0.014
-0.23%



After Hours Volume:
15K





Close
Chg
Chg %




$6.20
0.24
4.03%





  









Advanced Charting


1D
5D
1M
3M
6M
YTD
1Y
3Y
All




$
%
Vol


Advanced Charting

  




379.8% vs Avg.




                Volume:               
                
                    103.4K
                


                65 Day Avg. - 27.2K
            





Open: 6.03
Close: 6.20



5.9702
Day Low/High
6.4300





Day Range



4.9600
52 Week Low/High
22.2750


   








Your Watchlist



Customize MarketWatch
Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started.

Create Account

                    … or Log In

















Symbol
Last
Chg
Chg %

















No Items in Watchlist
There are currently no items in this Watchlist.

Add Ticker to Watchlist




 (Go to Your Watchlist) 




No Saved Watchlists
Create a list of the investments you want to track.

Create Watchlist

                    …or try this starter list






Uh oh
Something went wrong while loading Watchlist.

Go to Watchlist



 

Recently Viewed Tickers



No Recent Tickers
Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here.

Search Tickers



















   





Overview


Profile


News


Charts


Financials


Historical Quotes


Analyst Estimates


Options


SEC Filings


Insiders



   




Key Data



Open
$6.03



Day Range
5.9702 - 6.4300



52 Week Range
4.9600 - 22.2750



Market Cap
n/a



Shares Outstanding
10.7M



Public Float
1.42M



Beta
0.87



Rev. per Employee
n/a



P/E Ratio
n/a



EPS
n/a



Yield
n/a



Dividend
n/a



Ex-Dividend Date
n/a



Short Interest
31.42K
06/30/17


% of Float Shorted
2.21%



Average Volume
27.24K




 


Performance




5 Day


2.48%







1 Month


-18.53%







3 Month


-40.33%







YTD


-49.01%







1 Year


-46.32%









  

 
 


Recent News



MarketWatch
Other Dow Jones











Lpath’s stock blasts off after government grant awarded

Jun. 20, 2016 at 11:47 a.m. ET
by Tomi Kilgore











Corrected            
Actively managed funds roar back — here are the best of 2015

Jun. 24, 2015 at 11:37 a.m. ET
by Philip van Doorn









Lpath Inc. shares plummet on test failures


May. 20, 2015 at 11:11 a.m. ET
by Russ Britt









Yum shares drop on outlook, soft China sales

Oct. 8, 2013 at 6:10 p.m. ET
by Wallace Witkowski









Lpath shares fall as Pfizer may divest development


Oct. 8, 2013 at 5:50 p.m. ET














Stocks to Watch: Target, Lowe’s, Staples

May. 20, 2015 at 9:27 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal










Stocks to Watch: Kraft Foods, Apollo Education, FXCM

Mar. 25, 2015 at 9:48 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Stocks to Watch: Lululemon, Ciena, Facebook


Dec. 12, 2013 at 9:06 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Lpath Stops Trying to Get Back iSONEP Rights


Dec. 12, 2013 at 8:26 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal









Stocks to Watch: Men's Wearhouse, Alcoa, Yum Brands


Oct. 9, 2013 at 9:54 a.m. ET
on The Wall Street Journal














Recent News



Other News
Press Releases






Apollo Endosurgery reports preliminary Q2 results
Apollo Endosurgery reports preliminary Q2 results

Jul. 12, 2017 at 6:45 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Apollo Endosurgery's (APEN) CEO Todd Newton on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript
Apollo Endosurgery's (APEN) CEO Todd Newton on Q1 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript

May. 7, 2017 at 12:23 a.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





10-Q: APOLLO ENDOSURGERY, INC.
10-Q: APOLLO ENDOSURGERY, INC.

May. 4, 2017 at 6:11 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





University Of Texas Investment Managment Co Buys Apollo Endosurgery, Miragen Therapeutics, ...


Apr. 20, 2017 at 2:38 p.m. ET
on GuruFocus.com





10-K: APOLLO ENDOSURGERY, INC.


Mar. 24, 2017 at 6:08 a.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Mast Therapeutics Merges With Savara To Create A Force In Lung/Heart Inhalation Therapies


Jan. 17, 2017 at 3:07 p.m. ET
on Seeking Alpha





Hottest Manufacturing Stocks Now – WATT CVI ALBO NDRM


Dec. 22, 2016 at 4:15 p.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Biggest Movers in Manufacturing Stocks Now – LOXO CXRX OREX OCUL


Dec. 19, 2016 at 10:45 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





40 Biotechnology Stocks to Sell Now


Dec. 12, 2016 at 9:45 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Biggest Movers in Manufacturing Stocks Now – VBLT CPHR THO PRCP


Nov. 29, 2016 at 10:30 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





10-Q: LPATH, INC


Nov. 10, 2016 at 4:41 p.m. ET
on Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)





Hottest Manufacturing Stocks Now – CRDS WINT DGLY NTLA


Oct. 24, 2016 at 4:45 p.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Hottest Manufacturing Stocks Now – MBRX IPCI TANH MTL


Oct. 19, 2016 at 10:30 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Hottest Manufacturing Stocks Now – EBIO VYGR DMTX LPTN


Oct. 18, 2016 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Biggest Movers in Manufacturing Stocks Now – SPU MESO KTOV CCUR


Oct. 6, 2016 at 10:15 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





25 Biotechnology Stocks to Buy Now


Oct. 3, 2016 at 8:45 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Biggest Movers in Manufacturing Stocks Now – KTOV JUNO CCXI CARA


Sep. 27, 2016 at 4:15 p.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Hottest Manufacturing Stocks Now – MRNS ENDP AEHR PRQR


Sep. 23, 2016 at 10:15 a.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Hottest Manufacturing Stocks Now – AEGR IDRA LJPC ESPR


Sep. 20, 2016 at 4:15 p.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com





Biggest Movers in Manufacturing Stocks Now – CLSD ZYNE LPTN HPJ


Sep. 19, 2016 at 5:00 p.m. ET
on InvestorPlace.com









Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Announces Pricing of $31 MillionPublic 
      Offering
Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Announces Pricing of $31 MillionPublic 
      Offering

Jul. 20, 2017 at 7:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Reports Preliminary Unaudited Financial 
      Estimates for the Second Quarter of 2017
Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Reports Preliminary Unaudited Financial 
      Estimates for the Second Quarter of 2017

Jul. 12, 2017 at 5:45 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Results
Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Results

May. 4, 2017 at 8:34 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Apollo Endosurgery Features Industry-Leading Endoscopic Procedure 
      Portfolio at Digestive Disease Week® 2017 Conference 
      (DDW)
Apollo Endosurgery Features Industry-Leading Endoscopic Procedure 
      Portfolio at Digestive Disease Week® 2017 Conference 
      (DDW)

May. 2, 2017 at 4:57 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Apollo Endosurgeryto Report First Quarter 
      2017 Financial Results on May 4, 2017
Apollo Endosurgeryto Report First Quarter 
      2017 Financial Results on May 4, 2017

May. 2, 2017 at 10:21 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. to Participate at the 29th 
      Annual ROTH Conference


Mar. 9, 2017 at 3:31 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2016 
      Results


Mar. 8, 2017 at 4:02 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Apollo Endosurgeryto Report Fourth Quarter 
      and Full Year 2016 Financial Results on March 8, 2017


Mar. 6, 2017 at 3:00 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Apollo Endosurgery Appoints Dr. Christopher J. Gostout as Chief Medical 
      Officer


Jan. 17, 2017 at 6:00 a.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Apollo Endosurgery Completes Merger with Lpath; Initiates Trading on 
      NASDAQ as ‘APEN’


Dec. 29, 2016 at 4:30 p.m. ET
on BusinessWire - BZX





Research Reports Initiation on Biotech Stocks -- Ocular Therapeutix, Infinity Pharma, Lpath, and Idera Pharma


Sep. 19, 2016 at 8:59 a.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Apollo Endosurgery and Lpath Sign Merger Agreement


Sep. 8, 2016 at 4:05 p.m. ET
on PR Newswire - PRF





Biotech Firm Eyeing First in Man Studies


Aug. 31, 2016 at 9:02 a.m. ET
on ACCESSWIRE











Apollo Endosurgery Inc.


            
            Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. is a medical technology company, which engages in the design, development, and commercialization of medical devices. It offers medical devices for bariatric and gastrointestinal procedures under the Orbera, Lap-band SYSTEM, and OverStitch brands. The company was founded by Christopher J. Gostout in 2006 and is headquartered in Austin, TX.

            
            (See Full Profile)


  





UPDATE: Canaccord Genuity Initiates Coverage on Lpath on iSONEP Potential


Apr. 16, 2014 at 9:35 a.m. ET
on Benzinga.com





 
   






   



























Partner Content























Trending Tickers
Powered by 





KMB

1.27%








CGNX

1.69%








KBR

-0.96%








RTIX

-0.88%








JNCE

0.15%
























Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found





























Video Center










Learn more.Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.













Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




4:52 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
4:52pNever (ever) say these things to a co-worker
4:51pMy uncle with dementia needs long-term care — should I refinance his house?
4:49pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
4:46p5 easily avoidable reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
4:45pWhy house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring
4:45pNearly 40% of adults don’t have life insurance — these startups are trying to change that
4:44pMarie Kondo says this one thing could be holding you back from falling in love
4:44pThis luxury credit card is only for truly big spenders
4:44pHow Elon Musk and shorter commutes could transform people’s lives
4:43pBanks have raised credit-card interest rates — but not savings account rates
4:43pThe most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco
4:42p1 in 10 Americans say they will die in debt
4:40pShopping at Costco, and 5 other things that prove rich people are cheap
4:38pHalf of the high-paying jobs in America now require this skill
4:38pThe 10 most expensive places to raise a family in the U.S.
4:37p5 charts that prove that today’s 30-year-olds are NOT adults
4:36pThese are the 10 biggest tax havens on the planet
4:36pWhite House indicates support for Russia sanctions bill
4:08pTrafficking suspected after 8 people found dead in truck at San Antonio Walmart
3:50p7 money-making lessons from the richest man who ever lived
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Browse Stocks
Stocks A-Z


0-9ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZOther

Browse by Location

Argentina
Australia
Austria
Bahamas
Bahrain
Belgium
Bermuda
Botswana
Brazil
British Virgin Islands
Canada
Cayman Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Egypt
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kuwait
Latvia
Lebanon
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Malaysia
Malta
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Money Rates
Morocco
Namibia
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Qatar
Romania
Russia
Saudi Arabia
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
South Korea
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
Thailand
Tunisia
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United States
Venezuela
Western Samoa












Log In




4:52 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
4:52pNever (ever) say these things to a co-worker
4:51pMy uncle with dementia needs long-term care — should I refinance his house?
4:49pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
4:46p5 easily avoidable reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
4:45pWhy house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring
4:45pNearly 40% of adults don’t have life insurance — these startups are trying to change that
4:44pMarie Kondo says this one thing could be holding you back from falling in love
4:44pThis luxury credit card is only for truly big spenders
4:44pHow Elon Musk and shorter commutes could transform people’s lives
4:43pBanks have raised credit-card interest rates — but not savings account rates
4:43pThe most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco
4:42p1 in 10 Americans say they will die in debt
4:40pShopping at Costco, and 5 other things that prove rich people are cheap
4:38pHalf of the high-paying jobs in America now require this skill
4:38pThe 10 most expensive places to raise a family in the U.S.
4:37p5 charts that prove that today’s 30-year-olds are NOT adults
4:36pThese are the 10 biggest tax havens on the planet
4:36pWhite House indicates support for Russia sanctions bill
4:08pTrafficking suspected after 8 people found dead in truck at San Antonio Walmart
3:50p7 money-making lessons from the richest man who ever lived
3:34pAmericans in this field have the highest rate of divorce by age 30
2:59pO.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family
2:51pChris Froome Wins His Fourth Tour de France
2:48pPlaying golf has gone the way of the three-martini lunch — Trump being the exception
2:47pDeath watch: How much longer can golf survive?
2:43pJordan Spieth wins British Open by three shots in dramatic comeback
12:28pThis is what might be next for O.J. Simpson after parole
12:09pWeekend roundup: Companies that may cut dividends | FAANG stocks and market bubbles | Enjoy London on the cheap
12:09pWhy you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks
12:09pAttention, shoppers: ‘Amazon effect’ is creating bargain stocks
12:05pAs GDP will show, U.S. economy on same track
12:00pStocks brace for volatility in earnings deluge; Fed meeting looms
11:52a'Dunkirk' storms U.S. box office with $50.5 million debut
11:20aActor John Heard, ‘Home Alone’ dad, dead at 71
11:07aMicrosoft rides huge tax benefit from failing at smartphones to big earnings beat 
11:06aAmazon’s foray into groceries means more mergers of food companies, experts say
11:03aYogaWorks IPO pulled on valuation concerns, not market conditions
11:03aQualcomm’s issues go beyond Apple fight
11:02aPay TV expected to lose more than a million subscribers in latest quarter 
9:58aPope Francis appeals for dialogue as violence continues in Jerusalem
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



















































Stocks/Country/United States Index - Markets Index
























Bulletin






Investor Alert







Tokyo Markets Open in:



US Market Snapshot
Currencies
Commodities
















Stocks
Rates
Funds
Bonds
Benchmarks
Real Estate Investment Trusts
Futures
American Depository Receipt Stocks
Exchange Traded Notes
Warrants
Indexes
Exchange Traded Funds
Currencies
Crypto Currencies

Location: United States



Name
Exchange
Sector




01 Communique Laboratory Inc. (OCQLF)
OOTC
Software


1347 Property Insurance Holdings Inc. (PIH)
XNAS
Non-Life Insurance


1-800-FLOWERS.COM Inc. Cl A (FLWS)
XNAS
Specialty Retail


1pm Industries Inc. (OPMZ)
OOTC
Food Products


1st Capital Bank (CA) (FISB)
OOTC
Banking


1st Constitution Bancorp (FCCY)
XNAS
Banking


1st NRG Corp. (FNRC)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


1st Source Corp. (SRCE)
XNAS
Banking


2050 Motors Inc. (ETFM)
OOTC
Automobiles


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl A (FOXA)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21st Century Fox Inc. Cl B (FOX)
XNAS
Broadcasting


21Vianet Group Inc. ADR (VNET)
XNAS
Internet/Online


22nd Century Group Inc. (XXII)
XASE
Biotechnology


24/7 Kid Doc Inc. (TVMD)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


2U Inc. (TWOU)
XNAS
Software


2xLeveraged Long E-TRACS Linked to Wells Fargo Business Development Co. Index 052441 (BDCL)
ARCX
Major International Banks


2xLeveraged Long ETRACS Wells Fargo Business Development (LBDC)
ARCX
Major International Banks


3D Eye Solutions Inc. (TDEY)
OOTC
Motion Picture/Sound Recording


3D Pioneer Systems Inc. (DPSM)
OOTC
Software


3D Systems Corp. (DDD)
XNYS
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3DIcon Corp. (TDCP)
OOTC
Software


3Dshopping.com (THDS)
OOTC
Mixed Retailing


3DX Industries Inc. (DDDX)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


3i Group PLC ADR (TGOPY)
OOTC
Finance Companies


3M Co. (MMM)
XNYS
Diversified Holding Companies


3Pea International Inc. (TPNL)
XOTC
Accounting


3Power Energy Group Inc. (PSPW)
OOTC
Renewable Energy Generation


3TL Technologies Corp. (TTMZF)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


420 Property Management Inc. (FTPM)
OOTC
Real Estate Agents/Brokers


4Cable TV International Inc. (CATV)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


4Licensing Corp. (FOURQ)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


500.com Ltd. ADR (WBAI)
XNYS
Gambling Industries


51job Inc. ADR (JOBS)
XNAS
Employment/Training Services


58.com Inc. ADR (WUBA)
XNYS
Consumer Services


5Barz International Inc. (BARZ)
OOTC
Networking


5N Plus Inc. (FPLSF)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


6D Global Technologies Inc. (SIXD)
OOTC
Computer Services


808 Renewable Energy Corp. (RNWR)
OOTC
Multiutilities


88 Energy Ltd. ADR (TNGRY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


888 Holdings PLC (EIHDF)
OOTC
Gambling Industries


8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD)
XNAS
Renewable Energy Generation


8X8 Inc. (EGHT)
XNAS
Wired Telecommunications Services


A Clean Slate Inc. (DRWN)
OOTC
Diversified Business Services


A&W Revenue Royalties Income Fund (AWRRF)
OOTC
Restaurants


A. H. Belo Corp. Series A (AHC)
XNYS
Publishing


A. Schulman Inc. (SHLM)
XNAS
Commodity Chemicals


A. Schulman Inc. 6% Pfd. (SLMNP)
OOTC
Commodity Chemicals


A.D. Makepeace Co. (MAKE)
OOTC
Farming


A.M. Castle & Co. (CAS)
XNYS
Wholesalers


A.O. Smith Corp. (AOS)
XNYS
Building Materials/Products


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S ADR (AMKBY)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series A (AMKAF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.P. Moeller-Maersk A/S Series B (AMKBF)
OOTC
Water Transport/Shipping


A.S. Roma S.p.A. (ASRAF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


A-1 Group Inc. (AWON)
OOTC
Tobacco


A10 Networks Inc. (ATEN)
XNYS
Computer Services


a2 Milk Co. Ltd. (ACOPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


AAC Holdings Inc. (AAC)
XNYS
Healthcare Provision


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. (AACAF)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAC Technologies Holdings Inc. ADR (AACAY)
OOTC
Industrial Electronics


AAON Inc. (AAON)
XNAS
Building Materials/Products


AAP Inc. (AAPJ)
OOTC
Food Products


AAR Corp. (AIR)
XNYS
Aerospace Products/Parts


Aaron's Inc. (AAN)
XNYS
Consumer Services


AB Science S.A. (ABSCF)
OOTC
Pharmaceuticals


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Biofuels Index Total Return (FUE)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB Svensk Exportkredit ELEMENTS linked to MLCX Grain Index Total Return (GRU)
ARCX
Finance Companies


AB&T Financial Corp. (ABTO)
OOTC
Banking


Abacus Mining & Exploration Corp. (ABCFF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abakan Inc. (ABKI)
OOTC
Industrial Products


Abattis Bioceuticals Corp. (ATTBF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abaxis Inc. (ABAX)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


ABB Ltd. (ABLZF)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABB Ltd. ADR (ABB)
XNYS
Industrial Machinery


Abbott Laboratories (ABT)
XNYS
Pharmaceuticals


AbbVie Inc. (ABBV)
XNYS
Biotechnology


Abby Inc. (ABBY)
OOTC
Oil Extraction


Abcam PLC (ABCZF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Abcam PLC ADR (ABCZY)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABCO Energy Inc. (ABCE)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


Abcourt Mines Inc. (ABMBF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aben Resources Ltd. (ABNAF)
OOTC
General Mining


Abengoa S.A. B (AGOAF)
OOTC
Construction


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (ABEO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Abeona Therapeutics Inc. Wt (ABEOW)
XNAS



Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF)
XNYS
Clothing Retail


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund Inc. (FAX)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Investment Co. Ltd. (ABAKF)
OOTC
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC (ABDNF)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Asset Management PLC ADR (ABDNY)
OOTC
Investment Advisors


Aberdeen Australia Equity Fund Inc. (IAF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Chile Fund Inc. (CH)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Emerging Markets Smaller Company Opportunities Fund Inc. (ABE)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Global Income Fund Inc. (FCO)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Greater China Fund Inc. (GCH)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Indonesia Fund Inc. (IF)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen International Inc. (AABVF)
OOTC
General Mining


Aberdeen Israel Fund Inc. (ISL)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Japan Equity Fund Inc. (JEQ)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Latin America Equity Fund Inc. (LAQ)
XASE
Closed-End Funds


Aberdeen Singapore Fund Inc. (SGF)
XNYS
Closed-End Funds


Abertis Infraestructuras S.A. ADR (ABRTY)
OOTC
Transportation Services


Ability Inc. (ABIL)
XNAS
Precision Products


Ability Inc. Wt (ABIWF)
OOTC



Abiomed Inc. (ABMD)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Abitibi Royalties Inc. (ATBYF)
OOTC
General Mining


Able Energy Inc. (ABLE)
OOTC
Gas Utilities


Ablynx N.V. (ABLYF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


ABM Industries Inc. (ABM)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Abraxas Petroleum Corp. (AXAS)
XNAS
Oil Extraction


Absecon Bancorp (ASCN)
OOTC
Banking


Absolute Health & Fitness Inc. (AHFI)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Absolute Software Corp. (ALSWF)
OOTC
Software


ABT Holdings Inc. (ABOT)
OOTC
Precious Metals


Abtech Holdings Inc. (ABHD)
OOTC
Industrial Machinery


ABV Consulting Inc. (ABVN)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


AC Immune S.A. (ACIU)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acacia Communications Inc. (ACIA)
XNAS
Networking


Acacia Diversified Holdings Inc. (ACCA)
OOTC
Specialty Retail


Acacia Mining PLC (ABGLF)
OOTC
Gold


Acacia Research Corp. - Acacia Technologies (ACTG)
XNAS
Diversified Business Services


Acadia Healthcare Co. Inc. (ACHC)
XNAS
Healthcare Provision


ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Acadia Realty Trust (AKR)
XNYS



Acadian Timber Corp. (ACAZF)
OOTC
Forestry & Wood Products


Acasti Pharma Inc. (ACST)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Accelera Innovations Inc. (ACNV)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accelerate Diagnostics Inc. (AXDX)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accelerize Inc. (ACLZ)
XOTC
Life Insurance


Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Accenture PLC Cl A (ACN)
XNYS
Diversified Business Services


Access National Corp. (ANCX)
XNAS
Banking


Access Power Inc. (ACCR)
OOTC
Wired Telecommunications Services


Access Worldwide Communications Inc. (AWWC)
OOTC
Advertising/Marketing/Public Relations


Acciona S.A. (ACXIF)
OOTC
Construction


ACCO Brands Corp. (ACCO)
XNYS
Nondurable Household Products


Accor S.A. (ACRFF)
OOTC
Hotels


Accor S.A. ADR (ACCYY)
OOTC
Hotels


Accordia Golf Co. Ltd. (ACGFF)
OOTC
Recreational Services


Accredited Mortgage Loan REIT Trust 9.75% Perp. Cum. Pfd. Series A (AHHAP)
OOTC
Mortgages


Accretive Health Inc. (ACHI)
OOTC
Healthcare Provision


Accuray Inc. (ARAY)
XNAS
Medical Equipment/Supplies


Accuride Corp. (ACW)
XNYS
Auto & Commercial Vehicle Parts


AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACRX)
XNAS
Pharmaceuticals


Acer Inc. GDR Reg S (ACEYY)
OOTC
Computers/Consumer Electronics


Acerus Pharmaceuticals Corp. (TRLPF)
OOTC
Biotechnology


Aceto Corp. (ACET)
XNAS
Specialty Chemicals


Achaogen Inc. (AKAO)
XNAS
Biotechnology


Achillion Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACHN)
XNAS
Biotechnology


ACI Worldwide Inc. (ACIW)
XNAS
Software



«1234567891011-2021-3031-4041-5051-6061-7071-8081-9091-94»










Log In




4:52 PM EDT
July 23, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	Closed


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
4:52pNever (ever) say these things to a co-worker
4:51pMy uncle with dementia needs long-term care — should I refinance his house?
4:49pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
4:46p5 easily avoidable reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
4:45pWhy house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring
4:45pNearly 40% of adults don’t have life insurance — these startups are trying to change that
4:44pMarie Kondo says this one thing could be holding you back from falling in love
4:44pThis luxury credit card is only for truly big spenders
4:44pHow Elon Musk and shorter commutes could transform people’s lives
4:43pBanks have raised credit-card interest rates — but not savings account rates
4:43pThe most expensive city in the world is NOT New York or San Francisco
4:42p1 in 10 Americans say they will die in debt
4:40pShopping at Costco, and 5 other things that prove rich people are cheap
4:38pHalf of the high-paying jobs in America now require this skill
4:38pThe 10 most expensive places to raise a family in the U.S.
4:37p5 charts that prove that today’s 30-year-olds are NOT adults
4:36pThese are the 10 biggest tax havens on the planet
4:36pWhite House indicates support for Russia sanctions bill
4:08pTrafficking suspected after 8 people found dead in truck at San Antonio Walmart
3:50p7 money-making lessons from the richest man who ever lived
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15





















































Welcome to Apollo Endosurgery - Apollo Endosurgery, Inc.




























































  


















Changing the way the globalepidemic of obesity is managed.
Changing the way the global epidemic of obesity is managed.

For Patients  
For Professionals











Providing patients with new waysto manage their obesity.
Providing patients with new ways to manage their obesity.

For Patients
For Professionals











Creating a new market forless invasive therapy.

Learn More









ORBERA
LAP-BAND
OverStitch
 




















Changing the way the global epidemic of obesity is managed.
 For PatientsFor Professionals










Providing patients with new ways to manage their obesity.
 For Patients For Professionals










Creating a new market for less invasive therapy.
Learn More








ORBERA
LAP-BAND
OverStitch
 









REVOLUTIONIZING PATIENT CARE
Leading Products in Minimally Invasive Therapies*
 





*
More than 220,000 people have safely used the ORBERA® weight loss balloon.
Learn More





*
A minimally invasive procedure that offers healthy, lasting weight loss.
Learn More





*
Allows physicians to place full-thickness sutures through a flexible endoscope.
Learn More











* Not all products are approved in all markets. Contact your local distributor for a list of Apollo Endosurgery, Inc. products approved for your country.











ORBERA®LAP-BAND®OVERSTITCH™INVESTORSCONTACT USSend InquiryPlace Your OrderCOMPANYAbout UsNewsManagementBoard of DirectorsGlobal LocationsComplianceCareers















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


