




Modern Point of Sale for Enterprise Businesses








































 











 
























Modern Enterprise Point of Sale 
GET DEMO














































































Operating in Over 20,000 Business Units
Millions in Incremental Revenue Generated
Appetize Point of Sale technology brings value to hundreds of enterprise businesses in sports &
entertainment, education, convention centers, dining, theme parks and more.





Quick Service
Appetize Fast Casual Restaurant solution is designed to be the fastest, easiest to use front-of-house POS for cashiers with powerful management tools for back-of-house users.

Learn More





Retail
Appetize Retail Mode includes dependable support for bar code scanning, unlimited SKUs, and easy inventory management tools for smarter merchandising.

Learn More





Table Service
Appetize Restaurant Mode includes support for all varieties of site restaurant use, including reservations, table layouts, and coursing.

Learn More














Proven at Scale
Our customers are the largest foodservice providers, management companies, and chains. That’s why we focus all development on fast transactions – on or offline – with the most reliable, most secure payment solutions available.





Get Demo

















Future-forward Technology
Cloud-based, redundant architecture built on the best of today’s tablet and mobile technology. Appetize is the only truly modern, enterprise Point of Sale.





Get Demo

















Powerful ROI Reporting and Inventory Management
Robust real-time reporting, cash room management, ingredient-level inventory details and more. Appetize back of house tools are designed to give you insights that drive revenue, not just data.





Get Demo









Insight and Innovation












 

July 14, 2017
Sessions You’ll Want To Attend At SEAT 2017 Read More





 

June 29, 2017
Appetize Brings Advanced Concessions Technology to Yankee Stadium and other Pro Baseball Venues Read More





 

June 14, 2017
4 Things You Don’t Want To Miss At The Ticketmaster Summit 2017 Read More







« Older Posts








From Our Customers









 

“Appetize automatic offline mode has been a complete game-changer in terms of network flexibility, increased throughput and reduced risk exposure in my experience, there is NO OTHER solution that provides such a dynamic approach to online and offline transactions. We have tested others and none compare… period.”
				
Derek MCFO, Spectrum Concessions 






 

“Appetize offered the best solution for our visitors to be able to find and purchase food and beverages quickly and easily in US Bank Stadium. This efficiency is important to us as we move forward with offering different kinds of events that will attract thousands of visitors.”
				
Michele Kelm-HelgenChairman of Minnesota Sports Facilities Authority 






 

“Appetize Connect gives me live, powerful tools to manage small and large events on any device. The customized reporting, inventory controls, employee permission sets, and menu management are just a few of the revolutionary functions I take advantage of to run our business every day.”
				
Mike N.Operations, Prom Catering 


 




Case Studies











 



Sacramento KingsSports & Entertainment 








 



BeerMeSports & Entertainment 








 



Los Angeles DodgersSports & Entertainment 



 





Fanatical About Support 24/7/365





At Appetize we pride ourselves on providing the most extensive, helpful support in the industry. We’ll get you quick answers from real people whenever you need us.





Contact Us














See more premium WordPress themes by TommusRhodus

Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software












Appetize Technologies, Inc. | ALSD



















Skip to main content









Toggle navigation



















 



Appetize Technologies, Inc.






 
Wayne Scarsella
Senior VP of Sales
12015 W. Bluff Creek Dr.
Los Angeles, CA 90094
716-208-8584wayne.scarsella@appetizeapp.comwww.getappetize.com
Appetize, a Los Angeles-based Point of Sale company, is serving its modern ordering and payment technology to over 400 enterprises today. Appetize is a fast growing and disruptive technology company that is steadily replacing legacy point of sale systems in the sports and entertainment, education, and professional industries. Appetize redefines the ordering and payment process through its POS, handheld, kiosk, and inventory products for operators, as well as its mobile ordering platform for fans. For more information, visit www.getappetize.com.
 
    Categories  

Food & Beverage 



 


 









 



         



 Username *
 Password *
Request new password


 Log in



Grow with ALSD
Join our community of Premium Seating Professionals and instantly grow your network of contacts who actively develop and support the premium seating marketplace.
Join/Renew
More Info


 












Legal & Privacy - Appetize




































 











 


















Legal & Privacy











Last Updated: 04/18/2015
This privacy policy (this Policy) describes the collection of personal information by Appetize Technologies Inc., a California corporation (Appetize, we, or us) from users of our Web site at www.appetizeapp.com (the Website), as well as all related applications, widgets, software, tools, and other services provided by us and on which a link to this Policy is displayed (collectively, together with the Website, our Services). This Policy also describes our use and disclosure of such information. By using our Services, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information in accordance with this Policy. This Policy is incorporated by reference into the Appetize Terms of Use and subject to the provisions of the Terms of Use.
 

Personal Information
Personal Information, as used in this Policy, is information that specifically identifies an individual, such as an individual’s name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address. Personal Information also includes information about an individuals activities, such as information about his or her activity on our Services, and demographic information, such as date of birth, gender, geographic area, and preferences, when any of this information is linked to Personal Information that identifies that individual.
Personal Information does not include aggregate or other non-personally identifiable information. Aggregate information is information that we collect about a group or category of products, services, or users that is not personally identifiable or from which individual identities are removed. We may use and disclose aggregate information, and other non-personally identifiable information, for various purposes.

Collection of Information
E-mail Newsletters. We may offer e-mail newsletters from time to time on our Services. If you sign up to receive a newsletter from us, we collect your e-mail address. User Accounts and Profiles. Our Services may give you the ability to register for an Appetize account or to create and update a user profile on the applicable Service. If we offer user account or profile functionality on the Services, we will collect the Personal Information that you provide to us in the course of registering for an account or creating or updating a user profile. This information may include, for example, name, postal address, telephone number, e-mail address, and related demographic information about you. We may indicate that some personal information is required for you to register for the account or to create the profile, while some is optional.
Integrated Services. You may be given the option to access or register for the Services through the use of your user name and passwords for certain services provided by third parties (each an Integrated Service), such as through the use of your Facebook credentials through Facebook Connect. By doing this, you authorize us to access and store the credentials you provide, your name, email address(es), date of birth, gender, current city, profile picture URL, and other information that the Integrated Service makes available to us, and to use and disclose it in accordance with this Policy. You should check your Facebook or other Integrated Service privacy settings to understand and change the information sent to us through Facebook Connect or other Integrated Services. Please review each Integrated Services terms of use and privacy policies carefully before using their services and connecting to our Services.
Interactive Features. Our Services may contain interactive functionality that allows you to engage with other users on the Services, post comments to forums, to upload photographs and other content (the User Materials), participate in surveys, and otherwise to interact with the Services and with other users. If you use any interactive functionality on our Services that request or permit you to provide us with personal information (including, for example, any services that allow you to post User Materials on any of our Services), we collect the Personal Information that you provide to us in the course of using these interactive features.
Correspondence. If you contact us by e-mail, using a contact form on the Services, or by mail, fax, or other means, we collect the Personal Information contained within, and associated with, your correspondence.
Contests and Sweepstakes. We or our advertisers and other business partners may conduct or sponsor special contests, sweepstakes, and other promotions that users may enter or otherwise participate in on our Services. Certain of these promotions may be co-branded with one of our advertisers or other business partners. In these instances, the collection of your Personal Information may occur directly by the third-party partner on its website or other online service and may be shared with us. The promotion will state the privacy policy or policies governing the collection of such personal information.

Passive Information Collection
When you visit our Services, some information is collected automatically. For example, when you access our Services, we automatically collect your browsers Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type, the nature of the device from which you are visiting the Services (e.g., a personal computer or a mobile device), the identifier for any handheld or mobile device that you may be using, the Web site that you visited immediately prior to accessing any Web-based Services, the actions you take on our Services, and the content, features, and activities that you access and participate in on our Services. We also may collect information regarding your interaction with e-mail messages, such as whether you opened, clicked on, or forwarded a message.
We may collect this information passively using technologies such as standard server logs, cookies, and clear GIFs (also known as Web beacons). We use passively-collected information to administer, operate, and improve the Website and our other services and systems, to improve the effectiveness of advertising on our Services, and to provide advertisements and other content that is tailored to you. If we link or associate any information gathered through passive means with Personal Information, or if applicable laws require us to treat any information gathered through passive means as Personal Information, we treat the combined information as Personal Information under this Policy. Otherwise, we use and disclose information collected by passive means in aggregate form or otherwise in a non-personally identifiable form.
Also, please be aware that third parties, such as companies displaying advertisements on the Services or sites or services provided by third parties (Third-Party Sites) that may be linked to from the Services, may set cookies on your hard drive or use other means of passively collecting information about your use of their services, Third-Party Sites or content. We do not have access to, or control over, these third-party means of passive data collection.

Information from Other Sources
We may receive information about you, including Personal Information, from third parties, and may combine this information with other Personal Information we maintain about you. If we do so, this Policy governs any combined information that we maintain in personally identifiable format.

Use of Personal Information
We use Personal Information to provide services and information that you request; to enhance, improve, operate, and maintain our Services, our programs, services, Web sites, and other systems; to prevent fraudulent use of our Services and other systems; to prevent or take action against activities that are, or may be, in violation of our Terms of Use or applicable law; to tailor advertisements, content, and other aspects of your experience on and in connection with the Services; to maintain a record of our dealings with you; for other administrative purposes; and for any other purposes that we may disclose to you at the point at which we request your Personal Information, and pursuant to your consent.
We may also use Personal Information you provide to contact you regarding products, services, and offers, both from ourselves and from third parties, that we believe you may find of interest. We allow you to opt-out from receiving marketing communications from us as described in the Choice section below.

Disclosure of Personal Information
Except as described in this Policy, we will not disclose your Personal Information that we collect on the Services to third parties without your consent. We may disclose information to third parties if you consent to us doing so, as well as in the following circumstances:

Service Providers
We may disclose Personal Information to third-party service providers (e.g., payment processing and data storage and processing facilities) that assist us in our work. We limit the Personal Information provided to these service providers to that which is reasonably necessary for them to perform their functions, and we require them to agree to maintain the confidentiality of such Personal Information.

Public Areas and Syndicated Services
Some features on our Services may allow you to upload, post, or otherwise transmit User Materials to public areas of the Services, such as content that you post in a public profile on the Services. We may make these User Materials available for display upon Appetize properties that are not governed by this Policy, as well as to services operated by third parties that display content from the Website (collectively, Syndicated Services). Please be aware that any Personal Information that you include within any User Materials will be made available to other users of the Services, and to users of Syndicated Services, who view it. You include Personal Information in User Materials at your sole risk. We may allow you to select privacy options that limit access to some types of Personal Information in
User Materials, but no security measures are impenetrable or perfect. Additionally, even after information posted on the Website is removed, caching and archiving services may have saved that information, and other users or third parties may have copied or stored the information available on the Services. We cannot warrant or guarantee that any Personal Information that you provide on and in connection with the Services will not be accessed, viewed, or used by unauthorized persons.

Business Transfers
Information about our users, including Personal Information, may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to an acquirer, or successor or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of Appetize assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which Personal Information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.

To Protect our Interests
We also disclose Personal Information if we believe that doing so is legally required, or is in our interest to protect our property or other legal rights (including, but not limited to, enforcement of our agreements), or the rights or property of others, or otherwise to help protect the safety or security of our Services and other users of the Services.

Choice
If you receive commercial e-mail from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the e-mail. You may also opt-out from receiving commercial e-mail from us, and any other promotional communications that we may send to you from time to time (e.g., by postal mail) by sending your request to us by e-mail at support@appetizeapp.com or by writing to us at the address given at the end of this policy.
Additionally, if we offer user account functionality on the Services, we may allow you to view and modify settings relating to the nature and frequency of promotional communications that you receive from us.
Please be aware that if you opt-out of receiving commercial e-mail from us, it may take up to ten business days for us to process your opt-out request, and you may receive commercial e-mail from us during that period. Additionally, even after you opt-out from receiving commercial messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us regarding our Services.

Access
If we offer the ability to create user accounts or profiles on our Services, you may have the ability to access and update many categories of personal information that you provide to us by logging in to your account and accessing your account settings. If you wish to access or amend any other personal information we hold about you, you may contact us at support@appetizeapp.com.
If you request that we delete your account on any of our Services (via a user settings page, by e-mail, or otherwise), we will do so within a reasonable period of time, but we may need to retain some of your Personal Information in order to satisfy our legal obligations, or where we reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.

Links
The Services may contain links to other Web sites, products, or services that we do not own or operate. For example, the Services may contain links to third-party merchants from which users may purchase sound recordings that are streamed through the Services. The Services also may contain links to Third-Party Sites such as social networking services. If you choose to visit or use any Third-Party Sites or products or services available on or through such Third-Party Sites, please be aware that this Policy will not apply to your activities or any information you disclose while using those Third-Party Sites or any products or services available on or through such Third-Party Sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third-Party Sites or any products or services on or through them. Additionally, please be aware that the Services may contain links to Web sites and services that we operate but that are governed by different privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies applicable to any Web site or service you visit other than the Services before providing any Personal Information on them.

Children
Children’s safety is important to us, and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active interest in the online activities of their children. Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 without obtaining parental consent. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13 on our Services, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we may have collected any such personal information on our Services, please notify us at support@appetizeapp.com.

International Visitors
Our servers and data centers are located in the United States. If you choose to use the Services from outside the U.S., then you should know that you are transferring your Personal Information outside of your region and into the U.S. for storage and processing. By providing your Personal Information to us through your use of the Service, you agree to that transfer, storage, and processing in the U.S. Also, we may transfer your data from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Services. You should know that each region can have its own privacy and data security laws, some of which may be less stringent as compared to those of your own region.

Security
We use reasonable security measures that are designed to protect personal information from accidental loss, disclosure, misuse, and destruction. Please be aware, however, that no data security measures can be guaranteed to be completely effective. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you provide to us. You transmit information to us at your own risk.

Updates to this Policy
We may occasionally update this Policy. When we do, we will also revise the last updated date at the beginning of the Policy. Your continued use of our Services after such changes will be subject to the then-current policy. If we change this Policy in a manner that is materially less restrictive of our use or disclosure of your Personal Information, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you of the change and to obtain your consent prior to applying the change to any Personal Information that we collected from you prior to the date the change becomes effective. We encourage you to periodically review this Policy to stay informed about how we collect, use, and disclose personal information.

Contacting Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy, please contact us using the following contact information:
Appetize Technologies Inc.
12015 W Bluff Creek Drive.
Los Angeles, CA 90094
support@appetizeapp.com















Questions? Feedback? powered by Olark live chat software





Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Appetize Technologies Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 4:01 AM ET
Software

Company Overview of Appetize Technologies Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Appetize Technologies Inc. develops enterprise point of sale and inventory management solutions. The company’s solutions provides auto offline mode services; back of house control services, such as inventory management, analytics, menu management, social engagement, and fan data; various payment methods; mobile ordering; and support services. It offers its solutions for sports and entertainment, education, and leisure businesses. The company was founded in 2011 and is based in Santa Monica, California.


1601 Colorado AvenueSanta Monica, CA 90404United StatesFounded in 2011



Phone: 415-947-2470

www.appetizeapp.com







Key Executives for Appetize Technologies Inc.


Appetize Technologies Inc. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 'LightArrow Inc. United States @RISK, Inc. United States @YourGate LLC United States 100Insights, Inc. United States 101 Edu, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Appetize Technologies Inc., please visit www.appetizeapp.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close
































Appetize - FSTEC 2017










































 





Event Info 

About FSTEC
Photo Gallery
Advisory Council
Event App


Speakers 

FSTEC Speakers


Agenda 

Schedule of Events
Breakout Sessions
More Highlights


Sponsors 

FSTEC Sponsors
New Products
Become a Sponsor


Attendees
Charity
About Winsight
 







Appetize
















Appetize




Address12015 W. Bluff Creek Drive
Los Angeles, CA 90094
United States

Websiteappetizeapp.com
Phone1.877.559.4225



 


Appetize is a modern Point of Sale, inventory and analytics company transforming how restaurants, quick serve chains and business dining corporations manage and process guest transactions. Its revenue-generating platform includes fixed terminals, handheld devices for table side ordering and self-serve kiosks that seamlessly sync with a dynamic and easy to use Kitchen Display System. Advanced reporting, inventory management and ingredient-level reporting give powerful insights into how efficiently your restaurant is running. 
For more information, please visit www.appetizeapp.com.


 Mike McFeely 
Director of Strategic Accounts


Phone615.626.1594
Emailmike.mcfeely@appetizeapp.com

Social


 






 Rob German 
Director of Strategic Accounts


Phone425.443.6335
Emailrob.german@appetizeapp.com

Social


 














We'll See You In



Register Now »



















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












Christopher Harrison - San Francisco, California, Appetize Technologies, Inc. | about.meChristopher HarrisonSenior Sales Executive in San Francisco, CaliforniaVisit my company websiteI have more than 20 years of hospitality industry experience and have worked with hundreds of top tier organizations throughout North America. My expertise with hospitality software solutions comes from a combination of experience in sales, programming and operations management; my innate passion for the world of hospitality comes from a lifelong pursuit of exceptional service and the great fortune I have had to work with some of the restaurant world's most successful and influential restaurateurs and chefs.In my current role I am responsible for helping stadiums and entertainment venues invest in next-generation Point of Sale and payments solutions for Appetize Technologies. Appetize is a sports & entertainment focused, cloud-based Point of Sale platform based in Los Angeles, CA. The company's core focus is to provide entertainment venues with a state of the art dynamic ordering suite of POS solutions.Appetize offers a fully capable point-of-sale solution that provides a dynamic front of house ordering tool set with a full back of house suite of management modules that include inventory, suites & catering, time keeping, operational reports and data analytic tools. We provide a tablet based point-of-sale system that transacts cash, credit and a variety of digital payments methods like Apple Pay, Google Wallet and Beacon technology. Our solutions include a variety of form factors that will provide your team with the ability to cater to a wide range of service areas within your facility that include the typical concessions stand, club and restaurants , luxury suites, line busting, kiosk self-ordering, hawkers, and parking lot attendants, as well as fan facing mobile ordering for pickup and/or delivery.#cycling#mountainbiking#skiing#golf#photographyWorkAppetize Technologies, Inc.