





Aquinas Capital Advisors – Guiding your financial future…


































 

 































 
 
 


NASDAQ6412.173+1.366+0.0213% S&P5002477.13+7.22+0.29% ^TNX2.33+0.07+3.19% ^N22520050.16+94.96+0.48% TLT123.57-1.63-1.30% AAPL152.74+0.65+0.43% 


NASDAQ6412.173+1.366+0.0213% S&P5002477.13+7.22+0.29% ^TNX2.33+0.07+3.19% ^N22520050.16+94.96+0.48% TLT123.57-1.63-1.30% AAPL152.74+0.65+0.43% 























Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version














Aquinas Capital II, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Aquinas Capital II, LLC
List of persons related to the company Aquinas Capital II, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Aquinas Capital II, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001687937IRS Number: 474597748Company address: PO BOX 130216  HOUSTON 77219Phone number: 7135298884



People related to Aquinas Capital II, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryA McRay  Laurie3231 Allen Pkwy #4305 HoustonTX




Aquinas Capital II, LLC on the Web
Related companiesAquinas Capital I, LLC, Aquinas Energy Resources Inc.












 











Aquinas Capital II, LLC - Pooled Investment Fund- Mc Ray  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Aquinas Capital II, LLC

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    3231 Allen Pkwy., #4305  
    Houston, TX, 77019Phone: 7135298884 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-19


New


$3,700,000


$3,700,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.1


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Laurie A Mc Ray 
 Executive 












Aquinas Capital II, LLC, BizPedia.xyz - We monitor changes in companies





















BizPedia.xyz  - We monitor changes in companies
 






Aquinas Capital II, LLC


FREE EMAIL WATCHDOG
Get free email notifications about news in Aquinas Capital II, LLC.










The service is free and you can unsubscribe at any time.

General | People (1) | Filings (1) | Investment rounds (1)
CIK Number: 0001687937IRS Number: 474597748Aquinas Capital II, LLC is on the market less than 5 years.

Aquinas Capital II, LLC addressPO BOX 130216HOUSTON 77219Aquinas Capital II, LLC address3231 Allen Pkwy., #4305HOUSTON 77019
Company jurisdiction
TEXAS  
  Entity type
Limited Liability Company 
Earliest known filing
October 2016
Latest known filing
October 2016




Company filings
SEC filings are a great source of information for companies including investments, company events, and all sorts of other information. 
Aquinas Capital II, LLC has 1 filings. View Aquinas Capital II, LLC filings.
Investment RoundsAquinas Capital II, LLC recieved 1 investments.
PeopleWe have found 1 people related to Aquinas Capital II, LLC.
Similar companiesAquinas-TL Smith #25, LLC, AQUINAS FUNDS INC, Aquinas Energy Resources Inc., Aquinas Capital I, LLC














BizPedia.xyz collect news, financial information, SEC filings, stock information, contact information, personal information, information about investments, etc. about Aquinas Capital II, LLC. 









Aquinas Capital Ltd | Finance Sourcing












































Aquinas Capital Ltd
Finance Sourcing







About Us


For capital seekers, the challenge is to present well defined opportunities to the right individuals.
Commercial loans, private equity, leasing, commercial finance, factoring…what is the best source or combination of sources for your enterprise?  With our partner companies, Sheehan Financial Advisors and Salvus Harbor Financial, we carefully assess your financing needs and then we design a capital structure to fit your needs and optimize returns while minimizing risks.
Determining the right levels of outside financing is one of most critical factor to success; why?  The right capital structure can propel a business into its future while the wrong structure can hold a business back or even lead it to regress.
Undercapitalization is one of the prime factors in business failure.
Finance is knowledge, experience, ingenuity, innovation, focus, imagination, credibility and trust.  Putting this all together is an art. Carving out the right course, sorting out brilliant ideas from ordinary ones, bringing the uncommon or seemingly unattainable to life.
That’s the art of finance.  That’s what we do.







NavigationHome
Contact
Equity OfferingsOur PartnersSheehan Financial Advisors LLC
Salvus Harbor Financial
DocumentsConfidentiality Agreement
Accredited Investor Guidelines
Contact Information Tom Sheehan
419-491-4478 ext. 4
tom@aquinascapital.com




















Aquinas Capital Advisors


































 

 

















Who are we:
Aquinas Capital Advisors, LLC. is a Minnesota based Registered Investment Advisory firm (RIA) rooted in the Judeo-Christian based concept of Stewardship. Our philosophy at Aquinas Capital Advisors is to diligently look after and grow the assets our clients place with us seeking quality returns while being keenly mindful of our Fiduciary duties. “Everyone to whom much was given, of him much will be required, and from him to whom they entrusted much, they will demand the more”.  Luke 12:48
We are a full serviced fee based asset management firm caring for the investment assets of Individuals, Corporations, Foundations, and a variety of retirement plans including IRA’s, 401k, 403b, SEP/Keogh etc. We use a consultative approach with each of our client relationships bringing in outside professionals when necessary to assist in fully meeting our clients needs.
Our Team:

Tom Ottman
Aquinas Capital Advisors, LLC was founded by Tom Ottman who has been a Registered Representative with several broker dealers for more than 35 years and a Investment Advisor Representative since 2013. He previously held the following industry financial examinations for; Series 7, 31, 65, 66, 63. His experience and expertise in navigating markets since 1981 has proven invaluable to his clients. Stewarding his own church’s financial future has also been apart of Tom’s volunteer experience acting as chairperson for his church’s finance council for more than 19 years. Tom holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Wisconsin, LaCrosse.

Jessica Ottman
Jessica is a graduate of St. Thomas University with a degree in Business Entrepreneurship and has over 10yrs of Marketing and Sales experience.  She was immersed into the investment world at an early age and is excited in her role as an administrative assistant.  In additional to working at Aquinas Capital Advisors, Jessica also helps manage Siena Soap Company.
MISSION STATEMENT: 
To serve our clientele and community more effectively than anyone else by treating our clients as we would like to be treated and to make a difference in our client’s lives.
OUR CORE VALUES:
Honesty and Integrity:  We are honest in all of our business interactions with our clients and business partners and expect the same in return.
Respect:  We show respect for everyone by what we say and do.
Excellence:  We strive to excel in everything we do.  We are committed to high-quality advice and services at a superior value for our clients.
Humility:  We are grateful for our success and are honored to play a small part in helping our clients achieve their financial goals.
Innovation:  We encourage and value creative solutions to our client’s needs and business challenges.  Our uniqueness in our industry provides us with great competitive advantages in the marketplace.
Work Ethic:  We are a Midwestern company that believes in a “roll up your sleeves” work ethic and believe that working together brings far greater results than going it alone.
 



















Aquinas Capital I, LLC - List of CEOs, founders and company directors

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











Aquinas Capital I, LLC
List of persons related to the company Aquinas Capital I, LLC. Find out list of CEOs, founders, board members, and company directors of Aquinas Capital I, LLC.

CIK Number: 0001662710IRS Number: 474590122Company address: 3231 ALLEN PKWY., #4305  HOUSTON 77019Phone number: 713-529-8884



People related to Aquinas Capital I, LLC
NamePositionStreetCityCountryA McRay  Laurie3231 Allen Parkway Suite 4305HoustonTX




Aquinas Capital I, LLC on the Web
Related companiesAquinas Capital II, LLC, Aquinas Energy Resources Inc.












 








Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 

Laurie McRay's involvement in venture capital (via Infinity Capital Ii Llc, Aquinas Capital I Llc)































Want to see more?Want to find out who got funded, and who’s funding the next big thing? in real time? all across the world? tailored to your specific areas of focus?100+ deals per dayGet access to the most exhaustive worldwide funding watch on the web!Comprehensive funding informationKnow about who invested in a company, which sites covered the event, the funding history, etc.Exclusive insightsView original analytics such as most dynamic industries, most active investors, and more!Stay aware!Get emailed when deals critical to your business happen. Filter by region, industry and topics of interest.As seen onHave a login?Sign inRegister now!It's free!Use your social accountOr fill in the quick form:Register nowpromise we won't spamSign invia your social account:via your existing WGF account:Remember meRegister, it's freeForgot your password?SIGN INForgot your password?Enter your e-mail and we will send you your new password.reset passwordThe world's largest funding base/people/182339-laurie-mcraysection=people&subsection=detail&id=182339




			Search deals by company name, industry, location, investors...			
			




SEARCH


LaurieMcRayGet alertedif Laurie McRay gets funded!Laurie McRayInfinity Capital Ii Llc - Executive OfficerAquinas Capital I Llc - Executive OfficerDeals involving Laurie McRay$1,450,000 raised with Infinity Capital Ii Llc on March, 2014$800,000 raised with Aquinas Capital I Llc on December, 2015Please note that all data is automatically extracted and errors can occur.The WhoGotFunded team has not necessarily reviewed the information in this page and has not determined if it is accurate and complete.Some of the profile information was collected using the Crunchbase API. For more details on the profile, please check Laurie McRay on Crunchbase.Inaccurate Data? Help us improve WhoGotFunded: post a comment!


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft

















Credit Card for Fair Credit – Card Application Online





























 





Search for:



Card Application OnlineHome
Steps to take to get a Credit Card
Credit Cards Available
Knowledge Base
About
Privacy Policy
Legal
MenuHomeSteps to take to get a Credit CardCredit Cards AvailableKnowledge BaseAboutPrivacy PolicyLegal 



Home / Fair Credit / Credit Card for Fair CreditCredit Card for Fair CreditJune 22, 2017			Card Application OnlineFair CreditMilestone




Milestone® MasterCard® with Free Choice of Card Image








Apply Here




Applying is quick and easy with our fast decision process
Less than perfect credit is okay
24/7 access to your account information, even on mobile
Card designs to fit your personality at no extra charge
Account history is reported to the three major credit bureaus in the U.S.









Intro APR
Regular APR
Annual Fee
Balance Transfer


N/A
23.9% (Fixed)
$35 – $99
N/A




*Dependent on credit worthiness







Next PostPrevious Post
 Tips of the Day


Five Tips for Using Your Credit Card Wisely

Read More



Rules and Regulations Governing Credit Cards

Read More



Mistakes to Avoid When Getting Your First Credit Card

Read More





Credit Card for Poor Credit


 




Credit Card for Fair Credit


 





Search for:




Copyright © 2017 Card Application Online.Home
Credit Cards Available
Knowledge Base
Legal
Privacy Policy




Public Records Official


























Aquinas College Graduates
Search for Aquinas College Graduates, Alumni & Students Instantly!






Access Public Records Now! Get detailed information about people you know!



 
                    
                        NOTICE: This site contains real arrest records dating back several decades. Please use caution when conducting a search to ensure all the information entered is accurate. Learning the truth about the history of your friends and family can be shocking, so please be cautious when using this tool.

                                       United States Background Checks does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency. You may not use our service or the information it provides to make decisions about consumer credit, employment, insurance, tenant screening, or any other purpose that would require FCRA compliance.
                                    


I Understand







First Name:



Last Name:



Last Known Location:

Any State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming






 




Instantly Search anyone’s:

Public Records
Arrest Records
Lien Records
County Records
People Search
Court Records
SSN Records
Address History


Death Records
Offender Records
Family Records
Judgement Records
Maiden Name Search
Criminal Records
Felony Records
Background Checks



I. found out the guy I've been dating for six months is a sexual offender.
- Maria R






              Aquinas College Graduates           	
Aquinas College graduates can be found in this student/alumni directory. Just enter the name of the Aquinas College graduate that you would like to search. You will get their contact information & all other public records pertaining to that Aquinas College graduate. You can also perform unlimited searches for other Aquinas College graduates. Search now for a Aquinas College graduate!






Millions of Searches and Counting









 
100% Privacy
Our secure servers allow for 100% privacy.  No one will ever know that you searched for them.



 
Instant Results
In less than five minutes you can find out if anyone has been arrested, has speeding tickets, sexual offenses, misdemeanors, felonies, lawsuits, marriage records, mugshots, birth records, death records, their phone numbers and their firearms licenses.



 
Accurate Data
With 300,000,000+ records in our database, we have built an integrated system to retrieve this data accurately and safely.



 
Comprehensive
Our reports are stacked with tons of valuable and possibly shocking data accessible directly from your computer.





 






















