

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















Araca Productions Fund I Ltd Liability Co - Other- Rego  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Araca Productions Fund I Ltd Liability Co

      Industry: Other
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    C/O Araca Productions Llc 545 West 45 Th Street, 10 Th Floor 
    New York, NY, 10036Phone: 212-869-0070 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-10-17


New


Yet to Sell


$0


Other


06b


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Matthew Rego 
 Director, Executive 













 SECGems:

Form D 
	
		Araca Productions Fund I Ltd Liability Co
	

	

   


	0001677154-16-000001 








































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  
































 
						Araca Productions Fund I Ltd Liability Co 
					

					D
				

					  0001677154-16-000001 
				


				Notice of exempt offering of securities - made without registration ( Regulation D and Section 4 Small Businesses ) 










 
							filing date 
						


Oct. 17, 2016

 
							effectiveness date 
						


Oct. 17, 2016

 
							date of filing date change 
						


Oct. 17, 2016



Signed By

 Matthew Rego


						accession number
					
 
						
						  0001677154-16-000001
						
					

						type
					
 
						
						  D
						
					

						public document count
					
 
						
						  1
						
					

							items descs
						

								06b Federal Exemptions and Exclusions: Rule 506(b)
							





New!



		Contact
	


Looking to load all Form D filings easily into a spreadsheet or database?

Subscribe to files containing this and  over 250,000++ Form D filings from 2008 - Now
Easily sort / filter/graph offerings based on 'Offering Amount', 'city/state', 'Industry','# investors', and every field seen in this filing


Load in Microsoft Excel / Google Sheets 
Developers: CSV files work with Python / Java / databases, etc
API access Get access to all filings - old and new via real-time API
Real-Time alerts for this and all other form types






Key documents and exhibits


Link:
Type
Id
filename




 
					
 	  					D
 	  				
				


D


1


 primary_doc.xml







 






	  Primary Issuer 
	


Araca Productions Fund I Ltd Liability Co


			[ Limited Liability Company ] 
			 Jurisdiction: 
			NEW YORK
		


	 
	
	 C/O ARACA PRODUCTIONS LLC
	 
	  545 WEST 45TH STREET, 10TH FLOOR
	
	   NEW YORK, 
	   NY, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   212-869-0070    
	    

		
	

	  Related Persons
	


Matthew Rego

[ Executive Officer ] 
[ Director ] 
[ General Partner of Araca Holdings LP, Manager of Araca Productions LLC, Managing Member of Issuer ]

	 
	
	 c/o Araca Productions LLC
	 
	 ,  545 West 45th Street, 10th Floor
	
	  ,  New York, 
	   NY, 
	  
	
	  
		
		, 
		
	    
	    
		    
			  
			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
	


		  Industry
		

		 Other 
		

			Offering Data
		

			Revenue range: $1,000,001 - $5,000,000


Date of first sale: 
Yet to occur 


			
				[ Other ]
			
				[ Limited liability interests in Araca Productions Fund I Limited Liability Company, financier of four or more commercial live-stage productions to be determined. ]
			
		

			Total offer 
		
 
			$ 2,500,000
		

			Total sold 
		
 
			$ 0
		

			Total remaining 
		
 
			$ 2,500,000
		

			# investors
		
 
			0 investors have already invested in this offering
		



			Signature
		


				Araca Productions Fund I Ltd Liability Co [ Matthew Rego ]  
				Matthew Rego [ G.P. of Araca Holdings LP, Mgr of Araca Prods LLC, Mging Mbr ] 2016-10-17
			
















Type
Filing
Company
SIC
Rel
IRS #
State of INC
FY End
Mailing address
Former
Filing Vals


filer







Araca Productions Fund I Ltd Liability Co
 Cik: 0001677154
		  
		
			


	
		

	 
	
	 C/O ARACA PRODUCTIONS LLC
	 
	  545 WEST 45TH STREET, 10TH FLOOR
	
	   NEW YORK, 
	   NY, 
	   10036
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

		
		

 


812843889



			USA 
		
		[ NY ] 
1231



	 
	
	 C/O ARACA PRODUCTIONS LLC
	 
	  545 WEST 45TH STREET, 10TH FLOOR
	
	   NEW YORK, 
	   NY, 
	   10036
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	    
	    

			
		
	




form typeD
act33
file number021-272634
film number161938530
























































-  Araca Holdings LLC - CEO, founder, businessman - profile

















directorpedia.net - List of CEOs, founders, board members and company directors











-  Araca Holdings LLC
Check out list of companies and businesses related to -  Araca Holdings LLC. Find out -  Araca Holdings LLC address and contact details. View other people related to -  Araca Holdings LLC - coworkers, colleagues, companions, etc.
Address:   

c/o Araca Productions LLC 545 W. 45th St. 10th FL New York 10036 NY




Companies related to -  Araca Holdings LLC
CIKCompany NamePositionCompany Address0001697631Mandarin Creative Development Fund LLC545 WEST 45TH STREET 10TH FLOOR NEW YORK 10036




-  Araca Holdings LLC on the Web
Persons related to -  Araca Holdings LLC - Mandarin Creative Development Fund LLCNamePositionCity-  Araca Holdings LLCNew York-  Araca Productions LLCNew YorkUnger  HankNew YorkRego  MatthewNew YorkRego  MichaelNew York




Other people with surname Araca Holdings LLCN/A Araca Holdings LLC








 








Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 


Invest - La Montañita Co-op



















































































































Invest
The La Montañita FUND, LLC (“LaM FUND”) provides an opportunity for members of La Montañita Food Cooperative (“La Montañita”) to support farms, ranches, value-added producers, business cooperatives, and other food system endeavors and related businesses, as well as non-food businesses in New Mexico that use the cooperative economic business model, (“Producers”) in the La Montañita food-shed region. The La Montañita food-shed region encompasses a 300-mile radius around Albuquerque, throughout New Mexico and extending into southern Colorado, west Texas and eastern Arizona (“Food-shed Region”). The LaM FUND’s manager is La Montañita, and it is governed by the La Montañita Board of Directors. The LaM FUND will use participants’ investments to collateralize loans made and administered by the New Mexico Educators Federal Credit Union (“NMEFCU”) to Producers to help them scale up production and invest in new crops and products to create as complete a regional nutritional palette as possible and cooperative businesses to help build the regional economy. The La Montañita FUND is a limited liability company subsidiary of La Montañita.
For more information on the LaM FUND including its background, offerings, risk factors, use of funds and more, please read the La Montañita Fund Memorandum.
 
LaM FUND Documents:

LaM Fund Operating Agreement
LaM Fund Memorandum
New Investor Agreement
Fair Lending and Loan Criteria
Loan Application









  









 




















Copyright © 2017 · All Rights Reserved · La Montañita Co-op
Log in


Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest





















































 


Private Placement Memorandum for Film - Terms











































Docracy






Browse Public Documents
Login / Sign Up






×
There was a problem saving your change: 


×
Saved. Your changes were successfully saved.











Private Placement Memorandum for Film - Terms






Memorandum of terms for a proposed private offering of interest in a film project.Instructions for completing subscription documents and links to other required documents can be found here: PPM for Film - Instructions for Subscription Documents 




YOUR COMPANY LLC
UNITS OF CLASS A LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY MEMBERSHIP INTEREST
MEMORANDUM OF TERMS 
This memorandum of terms summarizes the principal terms of a proposed financing of Your Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. It is subject to change and is qualified in its entirety by the terms of the final financing documents. If there is a conflict or inconsistency between this memorandum and the financing documents, the terms of the financing documents will govern.



 THE COMPANY 
 Your Company LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Company”). 


 


 PURPOSE 
 To fund the development and production costs associated with a film project entitled, “Your Company.” 


 


 MANAGER AND MEMBERS 
 The Company shall be managed by a single Manager, who initially shall be Your Name. The existing member of the Company (who will hold the units of Class B limited liability company membership interest in the Company (“Class B Units”) at the closing of the offering) is Your Company LLC, a California limited liability company (“Your Company”). As of the date hereof, Your Company owns 100% of the Class B Units. The sole member and manager of Your Company is Your Name. 


 


 SECURITIES OFFERED 
 Up to 3,250 units of Class A limited liability company membership interest (“Class A Units”). 


 


 PRICE PER UNIT 
 $100; minimum investment of $10,000, subject to the Manager’s discretion. 


 


 AGGREGATE CAPITAL 
 Maximum of $325,000. 


 


 POST-FINANCING CAPITALIZATION 
 If all of the Class A Units are sold, the Company’s capitalization on a fully diluted basis is expected to be as follows upon completion of the offering:   


 
 Units 
 Number of Units 
 Percent1 


 
 Class B Units 
 4,225 
 52% 


 
 Class A Units 
 3,250 
 40% 


 
 Class C Units (Employee Pool) 
  650 
  8% 


 
 TOTAL 
 8,125 
 100% 


 


 INITIAL CLOSING 
 The initial closing shall occur on or before September 31, 2007, or such later date as determined by the Manager. Following the initial closing, the Company may conduct one or more subsequent closings until the date on which the Company has accepted subscriptions for Class A Units in the aggregate amount of $80,000 (the “Initial Offering Amount”). Subscriptions received after the sale of the Initial Offering Amount will be held in a segregated account and released to the Company on the date the Company has received subscriptions in the aggregate amount of $245,000 (the “Final Closing”). The Final Closing shall occur by March 31, 2008, subject to the Manager’s right to extend the offering. The Manager and the Class B Member may purchase Class A Units. 


 


 EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS AND CONSULTANTS CLASS C UNITS POOL 
 Following the initial closing, the Company shall have an unallocated pool of 650 units of Class C limited liability company membership interest (“Class C Units”) representing 8% of the fully diluted units of limited liability company membership interest outstanding after the closing of the offering for issuance to managers, officers, employees and consultantsof the Company. 


 


 MANAGEMENT 
 The Company will be managed by a single Manager, who initially shall be Your Name. The Manager may only be removed as a manager for gross negligence, willful misconduct or fraud upon the vote of a majority-in-interest of the Members. The Manager shall appoint officers of the Company or retain professionals who will be responsible for the day-to-day management and operation of the Company. 


 


 COMPENSATION OF THE MANAGER 
 The Manager may receive compensation, including bonuses and other benefits, in connection with management of the Company, other than distributions to the Manager in respect of the Manager’s status as a Member, if applicable. The Manager’s compensation shall be approved by the holders of a majority of the then outstanding Class A Units and Class B Units, voting together as a single class. The initial Manager, Your Name, will receive approximately $7,000 per month as compensation in connection with management of the Company, and may receive bonuses and other benefits. The officers of the Company will receive salaries for their services to the Company. The Company may issue the Manager and the officers of the Company Class C Units in connection with their services to the Company. 


 
 


 ALLOCATION OF PROFITS, LOSSES, GAINS AND DEDUCTIONS 
 The Company’s profits, losses, gains, deductions and credits will be allocated as follows: First, 100% to the Class A Members who invested the first $80,000 (the “Initial Class A Members”), in the proportion that each such Initial Class A Member’s unreturned capital with respect to Class A Units bears to the aggregate amount of unreturned capital with respect to the Class A Units held by all Initial Class A Members, until such Initial Class A Members shall have received a 50% cumulative preferred return in respect of their unreturned capital; Second, 100% to the Initial Class A Members, in the proportion that each such Initial Class A Member’s unreturned capital with respect to Class A Units bears to the aggregate amount of unreturned capital with respect to the Class A Units held by all Initial Class A Members, until such Initial Class A Members shall have received an amount equal to their unreturned capital; Third, 100% to the Class A Members other than the Initial Class A Members (the “Remaining Class A Members”), who invested the remaining $245,000, in the proportion that each such Remaining Class A Member’s unreturned capital with respect to Class A Units bears to the aggregate amount of unreturned capital with respect to the Class A Units held by all Remaining Class A Members, until such Remaining Class A Members shall have received a 20% cumulative preferred return in respect of their unreturned capital; Fourth, 100% to the Remaining Class A Members, in the proportion that each such Remaining Class A Member’s unreturned capital with respect to the Class A Units bears to the aggregate amount of unreturned capital with respect to the Class A Units held by all Remaining Class A Members, until the Remaining Class A Members shall have received an amount equal to their unreturned capital; and Fifth, to the Class A Members, Class B Members and Class C Holders ratably based upon the percentage interest represented by the number of outstanding Class A Units, Class B Units and Class C Units, respectively, held by each Class A Member, Class B Memberand Class C Holder, to the aggregate of Class A Units, Class B Units and Class C Units outstanding. 


 


 DISTRIBUTIONS OF NET OPERATING CASH 
 Mandatory Distributions. The Manager shall distribute an amount of net operating cash not later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year to the Members to pay their respective income tax liability (or a reasonable estimate thereof) resulting from tax allocations of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit, reasonably estimated to pay such tax liability. Other Distributions.To the extent that there is net operating cash available for distribution (after taking into account any mandatory distributions), it shall be distributed monthly in the same manner as profits, losses, gains, deductions and credits are allocated to the Members. Net operating cash generally will not be distributed to any Member to the extent that the distribution would create or increase a negative Capital Account for Member until no Member has a positive Capital Account. 


 
 


 LIQUIDATION 
 Proceeds from the sale of the assets of the Company (after payment or reserve for all liabilities of the Company) will be distributed to the Members in proportion to the positive balances in their Capital Accounts (as maintained for tax purposes). In general, the Capital Account of any Member will be increased by the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property contributed by such Member to the Company (net of any associated liabilities), the amount of Company liabilities assumed by the Member and allocations to the Member of Company income and gain (including tax-exempt income). The Capital Account of any Member generally will be decreased by the amount of cash and the fair market value of any property distributed to the Member by the Company (net of associated liabilities) and allocations to the Member of Company loss, deductible and non-deductible expenditures. Unrealized appreciation and depreciation of the assets of the Company will be reflected in the Members’ Capital Accounts prior to the liquidation of the Company. 


 


 COMPANY EXPENSES 
 The Company will pay all expenses of the Company, including without limitation, fees and costs of organizing and syndicating the Company, normal operating expenses, including direct expenses of the Manager incurred in management of the Company; all consulting, accounting and legal fees and expenses relating to the Company’s business; insurance and extraordinary expenses. 


 


 TRANSFERS OF CLASS A UNITS 
 The transfer of a Member’s Class A Units shall require the consent of the Manager, except for permitted transfers to related parties (entities controlled by or under common control with a Member). No transfer shall be permitted which would have a negative effect on the Company, violate federal or state securities laws or result in a termination of the Company for tax purposes. 


 


 AMENDMENT OF OPERATING AGREEMENT 
 Amendment of the Company’s Operating Agreement will require the consent of a majority-in-interest of the Class A Members and Class B Members, voting together as a single class; provided however, that any provision of the Operating Agreement which would materially adversely affect the interests and rights of the Class B Members will also require the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the then outstanding Class BUnits. 


 


 REPORTS 
 The Members will be entitled to receive unaudited financial statements and tax return information within 90 days after each fiscal year-end. 


 


 FISCAL YEAR 
 December 31, or such other date as may be required under United States federal income tax laws. 


 


 CONSIDERATIONS FOR TAX EXEMPT INVESTORS 
 Any tax exempt investor, in particular pension plans or individual retirement accounts, may have to recognize some or all of its allocable share of Company income as taxable income, notwithstanding its otherwise tax-exempt status. Tax exempt investors are strongly urged to consult with their own tax advisor before investing in the Company. 


 


 TAX ADVICE 
 Internal Revenue Service regulations generally provide that, for the purpose of avoiding federal tax penalties, a taxpayer may rely only on formal written advice meeting specific requirements. The tax advice in this document does not meet those requirements. Accordingly, the tax advice was not intended or written to be used, and it cannot be used, for the purpose of avoiding federal tax penalties that may be imposed on Members. Further, the tax advice in this document was written to support the promotion or marketing of the transaction or matter discussed herein. Any person reading the tax advice should seek advice based on his, her or its particular circumstances from an independent tax advisor. 


 


 PRIVATE PLACEMENT; RESTRICTED SECURITIES 
 Class A Units will be sold pursuant to the exemption from registration in Rule 504 of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Accordingly, Class A Units will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state and, accordingly, will be restricted securities and cannot be transferred, sold, hypothecated, assigned or otherwise disposed of unless the Class A Units are registered under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws or an exemption from such registration is available. 


 


 CONFIDENTIALITY 
 The information in this term sheet is confidential and proprietary to the Company and may not be disseminated, disclosed or used by any person without the written consent of the Manager. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary and except as reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable federal and state securities laws, prospective investors(and each employee, representative, or other agent of a prospective investor) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the U.S. federal and state income tax treatment and tax structure of the transaction and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other tax analyses) that are provided to prospective investors relating to such U.S. federal and state income tax treatment and tax structure. For this purpose, “tax structure” is any fact that may be relevant to understanding the U.S. federal or state income tax treatment of the transaction. 



1
©2007 Your Company, LLC CONFIDENTIAL

expand document





Public Document








Public Domain
                                                                    Documents from the public domain.
                                                            



Number of times Signed0
Number of Saves6
Number of Downloads685
Number of Views6.3k




funding
film
media
LLC
term sheet



This is version 2, from 4 years ago.


Suggest changes by making a copy of this document. Learn more.

 Create Branch




 Love this document

They love this document:






















Related documents







Amended & Restated LLC Operating Agreement











Private Placement Memorandum for Film - Investment Considerations & Risk Factors











Operating Agreement











PPM for Film - Subscription Agreement











Wells Fargo Family Office Master Fund, LLC 0000898432-11-000007












×
Warning


        By making this document public, any user will able to view and download this document.
        
        You may also choose to redact your previous edits. Only delete your previous edits to this document if it contains text that you did not intend to make public.
        Redactions cannot be undone. Please be absolutely sure if you decide to redact previous edits.
    

Make Public With Edits
Make Public and Redact Previous Edits
Cancel




×
Are you sure?


        By making this document private, only you will be able to view or sign it.
    

Make Private
Cancel




×
Are you sure?


Are you sure you want to delete this document?


Delete
Cancel























