 


Product :: Arch Therapeutics, Inc. (ARTH)














  

























Home
Product
Product




 


Product
Hemostatic Agent: AC5™ for control over surgical bleeding.
The AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device™ - more than just a better mousetrap
The hemostasis market is clearly in search of products that work better, faster, and more reliably. The AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device™ is designed to do that. Arch believes its products will be significantly superior to what is currently available.
AC5™ is a synthetic peptide comprising naturally occurring amino acids. Evidence to-date supports that it is biocompatible. When squirted or sprayed onto a wound, AC5™ promptly intercalates into the nooks and crannies of the connective tissue where it builds itself into a physical, mechanical structure. That structure provides a barrier to leaking substances, including blood and other bodily fluids, regardless of type of surgery or, based on early data, clotting ability. Healing occurs normally.
The structural building process is called self-assembly, and it provides a new and improved approach to addressing “stasis and barrier applications.”
The Need: Modern Surgical Procedures Drive Demand For Improved Therapies





Every day, around the world, millions of surgical procedures are taking place. Many are planned months in advance, while many more are in response to emergency needs.
Because these procedures are invasive, surgeons and other medical specialists focus on optimizing patient outcomes – and they constantly strive for fewer complications, including reduced fluid and blood loss in order to obtain the best results while maximizing safety and minimizing time to recovery. They also operate today through smaller incisions in the body, in procedures known as minimally invasive or laparoscopic surgery.
The Solution: AC5™ Stasis And Barrier Technology


AC5™ itself is designed at the nano-scale. It's a synthetic peptide comprised of naturally occurring, non-animal, amino acids using straight-forward manufacturing techniques.


AC5™ is applied directly onto a surgical or traumatic wound, where it rapidly creates a physical barrier in the nooks and crannies of the tissue and promptly stops bleeding and fluid leaks.


It's not sticky or glue-like, and is very easy to prepare and handle. It's also a clear transparent gel enabling doctors to see through it as they work, performing “Crystal Clear Surgery™.”


The Result: Faster and Safer Surgical Outcomes


Once applied, AC5™ works quickly to stop bleeding with rapid onset of hemostasis.


With AC5™, surgeons are able to perform surgery through the protective barrier safely.


Once the incision heals, AC5™ is naturally absorbed and passes from the body.

 



Sign up for email alerts
Be the first to receive breaking news
Sign Up Today




 



 


Arch Therapeutics, Inc. (ARTH)














  






























Next Generation Medical Technology
AC5™ stops bleeding promptly. Unlike many competitive products, it conforms to irregular wound geometry, allows for normal healing, and helps maintain a clear field of vision.
Learn More


Average Time to Hemostasis in Seconds


AC5
Control
Control Peptide





10 Seconds
10.0






300 Seconds
300.0






180 Seconds
180.0













About
Arch Therapeutics, Inc. is a biotechnology company developing a novel approach to stop bleeding (hemostasis) and control leaking (sealant) during surgery and trauma care.
Learn More ›




Technology
The hemostasis market is clearly in search of products that work better, faster, & more reliably. The AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device™ is designed to do that.
Learn More ›




Leadership
The management team possesses proven science and business track records with the knowledge to build, run and grow a commercial enterprise.
Learn More ›









Market
The AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device™ value proposition is based on the premise of faster and safer surgery. The product is designed to be simple, effective, versatile, and safe.
Learn More





Surgical Procedures with Potential for the use of Hemostats, Sealants, Glues and Adhesion Prevention Products, Worldwide (Millions). 2011

(Source: MedMarket Diligence, LLC; "Surgical Sealants, Glues Worldwide.")


 









Company Video
Arch Therapeutics, Inc. is a medical device company offering an innovative, elegant, and superior approach to the rapid cessation of bleeding (hemostasis) and control of fluid leakage (sealant) during surgery and trauma care.
Play Video 









Recent News View All News


07/25/17: 
        

Arch Therapeutics Announces 510(k) Submission to the U.S. FDA for AC5(TM) Topical Gel




06/06/17: 
        

Arch Therapeutics Presents Corporate Update at the LD Micro Invitational on Tuesday, June 6, 2017




Email Alerts
Receive breaking news first!


Sign Up Today









ARTH
OTCQB








Volume



Market Cap



Change







Investor Presentation
View Presentation ›





Recent Webcast


                LD Micro Invitational    	
Webcast ›


Radio Interview of Dr. Norchi by Professor Joan Buckley of "Your Family's Health" (30 Minutes)
Listen ›







 



 


Overview :: Arch Therapeutics, Inc. (ARTH)














  

























Home
About





 


Overview
Arch Therapeutics, Inc. (Arch) is a biotechnology company developing an innovative, elegant, and superior approach to the rapid cessation of bleeding (hemostasis*) and control of fluid leakage (sealant) during surgery and trauma care. The underlying technology, exclusively licensed from a leading university, supports an innovative platform of smart materials that fulfill the criteria as a solution for a specialized field we call, “stasis and barrier applications.”
Physicians, industry and patients could benefit greatly from a universal sealant for the challenges presented when an opening is created in the body, whether via surgery, trauma, colonoscopy biopsy, device implantation, or in a variety of consumer settings. The surgeon must manage and preferably prevent bleeding and leakage, as well as other challenges. Currently available tools designed to resolve these problems are often inadequate.
Arch intends to transform the landscape of interventional healthcare with products to seal and protect leaking and bleeding tissue. Arch’s solution elegantly controls the movement of these fluids and substances.
Arch’s products are currently progressing in preclinical development. The first product, AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device,™ is designed to achieve hemostasis in minimally invasive (laparoscopic**) and open surgical procedures and is intended to be regulated as a medical device.
Surgeons would deem the product a “must have” because of its tremendous features, making it very different and far advanced compared to anything currently on the market.
AC5™ stops bleeding promptly. Unlike many competitive products, it conforms to irregular wound geometry, allows for normal healing, and helps maintain a clear field of vision directly into the wound area.
Because it is not sticky or glue-like, it is ideal for use in the laparoscopic setting – a challenge for much of the competition. Furthermore, it is transparent, enabling a surgeon to operate through it in order to prophylactically stop bleeding as it starts – an important advancement we have branded as Crystal Clear Surgery™.
Most importantly, time to hemostasis (TTH) for AC5™ is typically measured in seconds, rather than the many minutes as provided by much of the competition.
In preclinical tests, the AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device™ has been simple, effective, and versatile. To date, biocompatibility has been excellent and healing of tissue treated with the device has been normal. This extraordinary concept, if successfully proven clinically, could eventually lead to product adoption available in every surgical setting across the globe.
*Hemostasis or haemostasis (from the Ancient Greek: αἱμόστασις haimóstasis "styptic (drug)") is the process of stopping bleeding, or preventing blood from leaking from damaged blood vessels and tissues. (The opposite of hemostasis is hemorrhage.)
**Laparoscopic surgery, also called minimally invasive surgery (MIS), or keyhole surgery, is a modern surgical technique in which operations are performed through small incisions (usually 0.5–1.5 cm) as opposed to the larger incisions needed in open surgery. Keyhole surgery makes use of images displayed on TV monitors to magnify the surgical elements. 



Sign up for email alerts
Be the first to receive breaking news
Sign Up Today




 





Arch Therapeutics Announces 510(k) Submission to the U.S. FDA for AC5(TM) Topical Gel










 





































Um die volle Funktionalität der Webseite nutzen zu können, müssen Sie JavaScript in ihrem Browser aktivieren.









Die wichtigsten Themen der Woche! Jetzt kostenlos abonnieren 
Push-Kurse an
|
Registrieren
|
Login







        Mi 26.07.2017 - 10:40                1.431 online 





DAX12.314,00+0,41 %  Dow Jones21.638,00+0,10 %  EUR/USD1,1620-0,25 %  Gold1.245,55-0,28 %  

TecDAX2.271,25+0,49 %  US Tech 1005.935,50+0,05 %  EUR/CHF1,1096+0,03 %  Öl (Brent)50,58+1,29 %  

 










Suchen





DAXIndex51.840Öl (Brent)Rohstoff44.764Marapharm VenturesAktie36.921GoldRohstoff35.141Baumot GroupAktie25.222AEterna ZentarisAktie24.897East Africa MetalsAktie22.596Barrick Gold CorporationAktie17.947EUR/USDWährung17.724Geely Automobile HoldingsAktie17.249Tages-Trading-Chancen am Mittwoch den 26.07.2017Diskussion10:39:27DAX startet vor Fed-Entscheid im PlusNachricht09:31:32Luftfahrtverband setzt sich für Air Berlin einNachricht08:49:12Grünen-Fraktionschefin fordert Bahn-Vorstandsposten für eine FrauNachricht08:33:52Daimler wächst weiter kräftig - E-Klasse und SUVs geben SchwungNachricht07:54:11Top 15 der gesamten Suchanfragen der letzten 7 Tage 











 Börse & Märkte Community & Forum Nachrichten Börsenticker Depots Meine Finanzen Mein w:o   Robo Advisor-Vergleich   Übersicht Premium Termine  Specials Ratgeber Videos Themen Nachrichten-Suche   Anlageklassen  Aktien & Indizes Alternative Investmentfonds Anleihen CFD Crowdinvesting Derivate Devisen ETF Fonds Rohstoffe Versicherungen   Rubriken  Ad-hocs Analysen Anlegerschutz Chartanalysen Chartsignale Directors Dealings Hotstocks Interviews Kommentare Marktberichte Politik Pressemitteilungen Specials Termine Unternehmen Vorabmeldung Weitere Nachrichten Wirtschaft/Konjunktur   Indizes  DAX TecDAX MDAX Dow Jones Nasdaq Eurostoxx 50   Autorenübersicht      Börse & Märkte  Aktien Aktienkurse Chartsignale Statistik Nachrichten Indizes Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs Anleihen Übersicht Neuemissionen Fonds ETF Devisen Währungsrechner Rohstoffe Rohstoff-Nachrichten Rohstoff-Aktien  Community & Forum  Übersicht Foren Chartcommunity Statistik Neueste Einträge Letzte Antworten FAQ & Boardregeln  Nachrichten  Übersicht Autorenübersicht Premium Termine Unternehmenstermine Wirtschaftskalender Börsenfeiertage Ratgeber  Börsenticker  Börsenticker  Mein w:o  Postfach Community Meine Freunde Meine Favoriten Meine Diskussionen Meine Beiträge Wer ist online? Moderatoren Portfolios Watchlisten Profil   









DAX+0,41 % EUR/USD-0,25 % Gold-0,28 % Öl (Brent)-0,55 % 
















Startseite

                         > 
                                                                            
Nachrichten

                                                              > 
                                                                            
Weitere Nachrichten

                                                              > 
                                         Nachricht                                                    
                


 





        Arch Therapeutics Announces 510(k) Submission to the U.S. FDA for AC5(TM) Topical Gel    


















Nachrichtenquelle: Marketwired
 |         25.07.2017, 13:55          | 

        
                    19 
             |                 
0 
                 |                     
                    0 










 










 




    FRAMINGHAM, MA--(Marketwired - Jul 25, 2017) - Arch Therapeutics, Inc. (OTCQB: ARTH) ("Arch" or the "Company"), developer of novel liquid, gel and solid hemostatic and wound care devices, today
    announced that the Company made a 510(k) submission to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for its AC5™ Topical Gel on July 17, 2017.
  

    If the Company's 510(k) application is cleared by the FDA, it is expected that the AC5™ Topical Gel will be used for external wounds. "This is an important milestone for Arch," said Terrence W.
    Norchi, President and CEO of Arch Therapeutics, Inc. "As previously shared, we planned to request 510(k) clearance in the middle of 2017 for the external use AC5™, which is a significant
    acceleration from original expectations of seeking U.S. regulatory approval through the PMA process, and we have met that goal. This achievement illustrates the ability of our team to execute on
    our development and regulatory strategies."
  





  As previously disclosed, the Company still plans to seek regulatory approval to market other AC5™ products for internal use through the PMA process. Arch will continue to concentrate resources on
  the rest of its development and regulatory objectives. The Company is also working to scale up production and at the present time expects to have commercial product available in the second half of
  2018. In the interim, Arch will continue to evaluate its commercialization options and it will provide further guidance as appropriate.


  Dr. Norchi added, "This 510(k) submission, which incorporates recommendations provided by the FDA during pre-submission communications, is the culmination of the collective effort and success of
  our team in completing important biocompatibility, toxicology, preclinical, and clinical studies. Simultaneously, we continue to make progress on our preclinical pipeline, including several product
  applications with high unmet medical needs."


About Arch Therapeutics, Inc. Arch Therapeutics, Inc. is a biotechnology company developing a novel approach to stop bleeding (hemostasis), control leaking (sealant) and
  manage wounds during surgery, trauma and interventional care. Arch is developing products based on an innovative self-assembling barrier technology platform with the goal of making care faster and
  safer for patients. Arch's development stage product candidates include the AC5™ Topical Gel and the AC5™ Surgical Hemostatic Device.


Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains "forward-looking statements" as that term is defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as
  amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Statements in this press release that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements and include any
  statements regarding beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions regarding the future. Such forward-looking statements include, among other things, references to novel technologies and methods, our
  business and product development plans and projections, or market information. Actual results could differ from those projected in any forward-looking statements due to numerous factors. Such
  factors include, among others, the inherent uncertainties associated with developing new products or technologies and operating as a development stage company, our ability to retain important
  members of our management team and attract other qualified personnel, our ability to raise the additional funding we will need to continue to pursue our business and product development plans, our
  ability to obtain required regulatory approvals, our ability to produce commercial quantities of our products within projected timeframes, our ability to develop and commercialize products based on
  our technology platform, and market conditions. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this news release, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements,
  or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Although we believe that any beliefs, plans, expectations and intentions contained
  in this press release are reasonable, there can be no assurance that any such beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions will prove to be accurate. Investors should consult all of the information
  set forth herein and should also refer to the risk factors disclosure outlined in the reports and other documents we file with the SEC, available at www.sec.gov.


  Terrence W. Norchi, MD
  Arch Therapeutics, Inc.
 
 
WertpapierArch Therapeutics 

Mehr zm Thema SEC 


 0 Kommentare
 Autor abonnieren 0



Schreibe Deinen Kommentar



Bitte melden Sie sich an, um zu kommentieren. Anmelden | Registrieren


 
Kommentar abschicken





Disclaimer






×
Artikel versenden




                        Arch Therapeutics Announces 510(k) Submission to the U.S. FDA for AC5(TM) Topical Gel                    

                                        FRAMINGHAM, MA--(Marketwired - Jul 25, 2017) - Arch Therapeutics, Inc. (OTCQB: ARTH) ("Arch" or the "Company"), developer of novel liquid, gel and solid hemostatic and wound care devices, today announced that the Company made a 510(k) submission to …


                        Die Daten werden nur zum Versenden der Nachricht benutzt und nicht gespeichert.
                    


Empfänger E-Mail-Adresse
Absender Name
Absender E-Mail-Adresse
Mitteilung


Eine Kopie an meine E-Mail-Adresse senden

Artikel versenden
Abbrechen
















Enthaltene Werte 


WertpapierKursZeitPerf. % 

 
Arch Therapeutics0,53508:05:04-0,74 



Weitere Nachrichten des Autors
24 Stunden7 Tage30 Tage12 Monate 


TitelLeser 

 
NeoGenomics Reports Record Revenue of $66.1 Million on 16% Volume Growth and 13% Reduction in ...228 

Alaris Royalty Corp. Releases Q2 2017 Financial Results 156 

Top Pharma Companies Now Include Communicating HEOR Data as a Part of Their Medical Affairs ...152 

Victory Square Establishes Venture for Innovation in Personalized Health 149 

Carmanah Announces Amendment to Existing Credit Facility 145 

Dome9 Security Named 2017 CRN Emerging Vendor in the Cloud and Security Categories 143 

Victory Square Technologies Inc. Makes Its Mark as VST on the CSE and VSQTF on the OTC 140 

Aguia Resources Limited Announces Buyback of Royalty for Tres Estradas 138 

WesternZagros and Crest Energy International LLC Complete Going Private Transaction 133 

McDonald's McDelivery Expands to 4,200 Restaurants in 13 Countries with UberEATS 133 





TitelLeser 

 
Tellza Announces 2017 Q2 Financial Results 432 

Top Pharma Companies Nurture Relationships with Payers Before, During and After Launch to Ensure ...390 

California Water Service Vice President of Engineering Joins Bay Area Water Supply & Conservation ...371 

Dream Industrial REIT Announces First U.S. Asset Acquisition and Updates Strategy to Increase ...342 

Pratt & Whitney Canada to Bring its 100,000 Engine Celebration to EAA AirVenture 2017 335 

ARCONIC SHAREHOLDER ALERT BY FORMER LOUISIANA ATTORNEY GENERAL: KAHN SWICK & FOTI, LLC REMINDS INVESTORS WITH LOSSES IN EXCESS OF $100,000 of Lead Plaintiff ...305 

WPCS Announces Financial Results for Fiscal Year Ended April 30, 2017 292 

Cisco 2017 Midyear Cybersecurity Report Predicts New "Destruction of Service" Attacks, Scale and ...288 

UPDATE - Randgold Resources Limited: Tongon Sustains Performance Improvement 284 

Interset Ramps Up Security Analytics Momentum as Enterprises Shift to Intelligent Threat Detection ...276 





TitelLeser 

 
Sumo Logic Completes $75 Million Funding Round 1048 

CoverHound and eHealth Partnership Expands Insurance Ecosystem for Consumers and Small Business ...932 

Carl Announces Settlement With Respect to the Dissent to the Acquisition of FlowWorks 908 

New Castle County, Del. Takes Historic Step to Increase Government Transparency 676 

NOVAGOLD Reports 2017 Second Quarter Results Highlighting Continued Strong Progress with Permitting ...658 

Gopher Expands Tracking Technology Functionality to Include Drone Tracking 585 

Trend Micro Launches New $100 Million Venture Fund 579 

Alabama Graphite Corp. Announces Analyst Report Published by Edison Investment Research 568 

Zecotek Announces Non-Brokered Private Placement (1) 566 

Increased Digital Technology Use Emerges as #1 Trend in Patient Centricity 543 





TitelLeser 

 
Image Protect Inc. Launches On-Line Copyright Registration Software 91358 

FireEye is First Security Company to Detect All Threats Faced in ICSA Labs Advanced Threat Defense ...7829 

NetEnrich Survey: Companies Brace for New Cyber Attacks as Threats Multiply 5535 

Align Technology Introduces One-Week Aligner Wear for Invisalign(R) Teen and Full Products 5338 

FireEye Announces Participation in Upcoming Investor Conferences 5221 

FireEye Announces Participation in Upcoming Investor Conferences 5034 

Rackspace Expands Multi-Cloud Security to Microsoft Azure 4822 

FireEye to Announce First Quarter 2017 Financial Results May 2, 2017 4283 

FireEye to Announce Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2016 Financial Results February 2, 2017 3966 

FireEye Announces Participation in Upcoming Investor Conferences 3758 








Top Nachrichten aus der Rubrik24 Stunden7 Tage30 Tage1 Jahr 


TitelLeser 

 
Landwirtschaft: Pachtpreise in der Landwirtschaft steigen weiter deutlich (2) 922 

Bericht: Sozialausgaben steigen erstmals über 900 Milliarden Euro (2) 858 

Deutsche Lufthansa Aktie: Da ist die Korrektur! 814 

Ölpreise legen deutlich zu - Saudische Exportbegrenzung gibt Auftrieb 680 

Europa: SPD-Europaabgeordneter empfiehlt wirtschaftlichen Druck auf Erdogan 558 


 


TitelLeser 

 
IN DIESEM SEKTOR ZÄHLT NUR DIESE AKTIE - ALLES ANDERE IST BÖRSENNOTIERTES „KASPERLTHEATER“! 13841 

Eine wie Keine – die „Reichmacher Aktie“ 9383 

USA: Nachricht an alle Bären: "Hört auf, euch Sorgen zu machen!" (1) 8649 

4-ER NEWS! MARIHUANA ERNTE EINGEFAHREN, INSPEKTION ABGESCHLOSSEN, HALLENBAU BEGINNT, RENOVIERUNG ...7212 

Gold-Aktie: DIE MEGANEWS: 63,15g Gold über 4 Meter, 5,96g Gold über 68 Meter 5958 


 


TitelLeser 

 
Marc Faber: Aktienboom könnte dramatisch Enden: - 40 Prozent  (6) 19257 

Goldman Sachs: "Es bräuchte Krieg, um die niedrige Volatilität zu erschüttern" (7) 17282 

Meldung des Tages: Dieses Unternehmen wird mit einem Schlag zum industriebeherrschenden Marihuana ...16123 

Sensationsmeldung - Das erste und einzige börsennotierte Unternehmen erhält ...15670 

DIE MELDUNG DES TAGES: DER MEGADEAL! KURS ZIEHT BEREITS AN. 15507 


 


TitelLeser 

 
Image Protect Inc. Launches On-Line Copyright Registration Software 91357 

Schuldenberge - Geldpolitik: Es ist Zahltag! US-Finanzprofi warnt: „Es steht eine viel größere Krise als 2008 bevor“ (11) 43316 

Bitcoin – 3.000 USD in 2017? 36394 

Rothschild, Soros und Rockefeller: Teilnehmerliste Münchener Sicherheitskonferenz (6) 27268 

Ethereum – der neue Bitcoin? (9) 24253 



  




  Finanzprodukte nach Maß




  




 Deutschland  William und Kate beginnen dreitägige Deutschlandreise  




 Aktien  DAX am Mittag kaum verändert - Tech-Aktien vorne
Mehr von wallstreet:online

×DEPOT ERÖFFNEN  HerrFrauVornameNachnameStraßePostleitzahlOrte-maile-mailDie wallstreet:online AG wendet sich nur an gut informierte und erfahrene Anleger, die nicht auf eine Anlageberatung angewiesen sind. Es werden keine Beratungsdienstleistungen erbracht, eine Aufklärung über angebotenen Anlagen erfolgt ausschließlich in Form von standardisierten Informationsunterlagen.Ich habe die AGB, die Datenschutzerklärung und den Disclaimer zur Kenntnis genommen und akzeptiere diese.Ich willige ein, daß meine Daten (Name, Anschrift, E-Mail) zum Zwecke der Depoteröffnung von wallstreet:online AG an die wallstreet:online capital AG (FondsDISCOUNT.de) übermittelt werden.AbbrechenDepot eröffnen
Aus der Redaktion
  




 Risikofaktor  USA: Provoziert die Autobranche einen Crash?
  




 USA  Nachricht an alle Bären: "Hört auf, euch Sorgen zu machen!"
  




 Brexit-Vorbote  Frankfurt First: Deutsche Bank zieht 300 Mrd. Euro nach Frankfurt ab
  




 N.Y.-Washington DC in 29 Minuten  Tesla-Gründer Elon Musk kämpft für Tunnelprojekt, aber...
  




 Story des Jahres  Die Auto-Connection: "Ein Erdbeben für die Industrie"
  




 USA  Bang bang: Zwei Faktoren könnten im August der Rallye die Tour vermasseln
Aus der Community
   Borussia Dortmund Chart: Der Tscheche Echte Liebe - mit dem BVB zu neuen All-Time-Highs    DAX Chart: CFDtrader66 Tages-Trading-Chancen am Montag den 24.07.2017    Daimler Chart: bluechip56 *Daimler AG * auf dem Weg zu 2020  
mehr Charts aus der Community » 














wallstreet:online App
Die Welt der Börse, Finanzen und Wirtschaft auf einen Blick











Impressum |
Werben |
Jobs |
Allgemeine Nutzungsbestimmungen |
Datenschutz |
Disclaimer |
Archiv |
Sitemap |
Hilfe |
RSS |

wallstreet:online AG |
Börsen- & Finanzwidgets für Ihre Homepage


Daten und Kurse:
Boerse Stuttgart
SIX Financial Information
Finance Base AG
Lang & Schwarz
EdiSoft
Technologien:






Zeitverzögerung der Kursdaten: Deutsche Börsen +15 Min. NASDAQ +15 Min. NYSE +20 Min. AMEX +20 Min. Dow Jones +15 Min.

Alle Angaben ohne Gewähr. Copyright © 1998-2017 wallstreet:online AG - Alle Rechte vorbehalten.
 






































×
Newsletter Service





 Jetzt noch besser informiert!
Abonnieren auch Sie unseren kostenlosen Nachrichten-Newsletter und verpassen Sie nichts mehr aus der wallstreet:online Redaktion!

Das Wichtigste für Sie zusammengefasst
Ausgewählte Artikel unserer Gastautoren
Eilmeldungen zu wichtigen Marktgeschehnissen


Wir respektieren Ihre Privatsphäre, es werden keine Daten an Dritte weitergegeben!















Jetzt abonnieren
Später













Arch Therapeutics submits FDA 510(k) for AC5 wound treatment gel – MassDevice







































































 















MassDeviceThe Medical Device Business Journal — Medical Device News & Articles | MassDevice 

Home » Arch Therapeutics submits FDA 510(k) for AC5 wound treatment gelArch Therapeutics submits FDA 510(k) for AC5 wound treatment gel
July 25, 2017 By Fink Densford Leave a Comment 
Arch Therapeutics (OTC:ARTH) said today it submitted a 510(k) application to the FDA as it seeks approval for tis AC5 topical gel designed for hemostatic and wound care, seeking an indication for external wounds.
The Framingham, Mass.-based company said that it will still seek regulatory approval for its other AC5 products, designed for internal use, through the FDA’s premarket approval process.
“This is an important milestone for Arch. As previously shared, we planned to request 510(k) clearance in the middle of 2017 for the external use AC5, which is a significant acceleration from original expectations of seeking U.S. regulatory approval through the PMA process, and we have met that goal. This achievement illustrates the ability of our team to execute on our development and regulatory strategies,” prez & CEO Dr. Terrence Norchi said in a prepared statement.
Arch Therapeutics said that it is continuing to focus on product development and regulatory clearances, and that it is working to scale up production for commercial availability in the 2nd half of 2018.
“This 510(k) submission, which incorporates recommendations provided by the FDA during pre-submission communications, is the culmination of the collective effort and success of our team in completing important biocompatibility, toxicology, preclinical, and clinical studies. Simultaneously, we continue to make progress on our preclinical pipeline, including several product applications with high unmet medical needs,” Dr. Norchi said in a press release.
In February, Arch Therapeutics priced a direct offering, looking to float 10.2 million units at 60¢ per share and bring in approximately $6.1 million for the company.
 

 In case you missed it


Senate GOP pass motion to open debate on Trumpcare bill


Biogen lifts outlook after strong Q2


Lilly tops Q2 earnings, revenue estimates


Vertera Spine wins 510(k) for Coalesce interbody fusion device


Brainstorm adds UCal Irvine Medical Center to late-stage NurOwn trial


MassDevice.com +5 | The top 5 medtech stories for July 25, 2017


Protembis to pair with German accelerator in US expansion deal


Study: Vaginal ring for HIV prevention safe in adolescent girls


CryoLife shares down despite Q2 EPS beat


India approves Anika’s Monovisc osteoarthritis treatment


AntriaBio launches trial of once-weekly insulin


Rebound Therapeutics raises $17m in Series B


FDA clears Invacare’s Elyria, Ohio wheelchair manufacturing facility


Responsive, ingestible drug-delivery material could boost patient compliance


Abbott inks distro deal with Roxwood Medical


Study: Protein ferries molecule to tumors, triggering self-destruction


Shape Memory Medical raises $18m for polymer embolization dev



 From Medical Design & Outsourcing
Qosina buys Alpha IndustriesQosina announced that it has acquired Alpha Industries (Clearwater, Fla.). The financial details of the deal were not disclosed. Alpha Industries’ adds its plastic forceps, clamps and bowls as an extension to Qosina’s current OEM components offerings. “With this acquisition, Qosina continues to expand its product line, which reinforces its position as a global leader […]Avalign Technologies acquires Thortex and Millennium SurgicalAvalign Technologies announced that is has acquired Thortex and Millennium Surgical. The financial details of the deal were not disclosed. Thortex provides precision manufacturing, porous coatings and metal injection solutions to the medical device market. It has porous coating solutions for titanium and cobalt-chrome orthopedic implants and manufacturing and engineering technologies for medical device OEMs. […]FDA unveils new policy for accepting medical device consensus standardsBy Stewart Eisenhart, Emergo Group US medical device regulators at the Food and Drug Administration have disclosed a new process for evaluating and accepting voluntary consensus standards. Get the full story here at the Emergo Group’s blog. The opinions expressed in this blog post are the author’s only and do not necessarily reflect those of […]Could this algorithm be better at diagnosing arrhythmia than cardiologists?A new algorithm that can go through hours of heart data to detect arrhythmia performs better than trained cardiologists, according to new research from Stanford University. The algorithm gathers data from wearable monitors to find life-threatening irregular heartbeats and allows for data to be sorted through in remote areas where there is a scarcity of […]How a single drop of blood can detect sepsisSepsis can be identified by a single drop of blood, thanks to a lab-on-a-chip device from the University of Illinois. Researchers at the University of Illinois and the Carle Foundation Hospital in Urbana, Ill., recently completed a clinical study of the device that provides a fast, point-of-care measurement of the body’s immune system response without […]Wearable device gives real-time posture feedback to Parkinson’s patientsUniversity of Houston researchers have developed a smartphone-based biofeedback rehabilitation system – a wearable device designed to help people with Parkinson’s disease. The research team developed the Smarter Balance System (SBS) to help guide patients through balance exercises while using wearable technology. It is designed to help people regain stable balance and confidence in doing […]How the IDSA Patient Safety Task Force wants to tackle U.S. medical errorsThe IDSA Patient Safety Task Force has given itself a critical mission to solve the “medical error crisis” in the United States. The task force proposes to engage in strategic problem solving through creative system design, UX and the visual communication skills of industrial designers. Sean Hägen – who chairs the task force and IDSA’s Medical Special Interest […]Tegra Medical announces new general managerTegra Medical announced that it has appointed John Rieth as general manager of its Franklin, Mass. location. Rieth will report to the president and CEO of Tegra, J. Mark King, and will be in charge of its local management team and plant operations. Rieth recently served as director of operations at Pharmasol Corporation, operations/engineering manager […]Building a strong FDA workforce to bring scientific advances to patientsDr. Scott Gottlieb The key to FDA’s public health mission, and its ability to bring innovative new therapies to patients, is the technical, scientific, and clinical expertise of its people. As the products that we’re asked to review become more complex and specialized, so do the technical demands on our workforce. Our staff must remain […]Could this temperature sensor reduce power consumption in medical devices?A new temperature sensor that runs at 113 pW could make wearables and even implantable medical devices less power dependent, according to research from the University of California at San Diego. The temperature sensor, developed by electrical engineers at UCSD, uses about 628 times lower power than state-of-the-art power sources and is 10 billion times […]How MRI can power mini-robots inside the body for targeted treatmentScientists at the University of Houston and Houston Methodist Hospital are harnessing the power of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) to drive mini-robots through the body for targeted treatment. The researchers are developing control algorithms, imaging technology, ultrafast computational methods and human-machine immersion methods that could enable the steering of dozens or even thousands of tiny millimeter-sized […]
 
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment. 

 


 Need Medtech news in a minute? 
We Deliver!

MassDevice Enewsletters get you caught up on all the mission critical news you need in med tech. Sign up today.


 



 






 




 Tweets by @MassDevice


 

 

 


 

MASSDEVICE MEDICAL NETWORK
DeviceTalks

Drug Delivery Business News
Medical Design & Outsourcing


MASSDEVICE
Subscribe to MassDevice

Advertise with us

About

Contact us

Privacy

 MassDevice Network
@MassDevice
LinkedIn
Google+

 



 






Press Releases :: Arch Therapeutics, Inc. (ARTH)














  

























Home
Investors
News / Events
Press Releases




 


Press Releases
Arch Therapeutics Announces 510(k) Submission to the U.S. FDA for AC5(TM) Topical Gel
Download PDF

Company achieves milestone of its first U.S. regulatory filing for a medical device
FRAMINGHAM, MA -- (Marketwired) -- 07/25/17 -- 
Arch Therapeutics, Inc. (OTCQB: ARTH) ("Arch" or the "Company"), developer of novel liquid, gel and solid hemostatic and wound care devices, today announced that the Company made a 510(k) submission to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for its AC5™ Topical Gel on July 17, 2017.
If the Company's 510(k) application is cleared by the FDA, it is expected that the AC5™ Topical Gel will be used for external wounds. "This is an important milestone for Arch," said Terrence W. Norchi, President and CEO of Arch Therapeutics, Inc. "As previously shared, we planned to request 510(k) clearance in the middle of 2017 for the external use AC5™, which is a significant acceleration from original expectations of seeking U.S. regulatory approval through the PMA process, and we have met that goal. This achievement illustrates the ability of our team to execute on our development and regulatory strategies."
As previously disclosed, the Company still plans to seek regulatory approval to market other AC5™ products for internal use through the PMA process. Arch will continue to concentrate resources on the rest of its development and regulatory objectives. The Company is also working to scale up production and at the present time expects to have commercial product available in the second half of 2018. In the interim, Arch will continue to evaluate its commercialization options and it will provide further guidance as appropriate.
Dr. Norchi added, "This 510(k) submission, which incorporates recommendations provided by the FDA during pre-submission communications, is the culmination of the collective effort and success of our team in completing important biocompatibility, toxicology, preclinical, and clinical studies. Simultaneously, we continue to make progress on our preclinical pipeline, including several product applications with high unmet medical needs."
About Arch Therapeutics, Inc.
Arch Therapeutics, Inc. is a biotechnology company developing a novel approach to stop bleeding (hemostasis), control leaking (sealant) and manage wounds during surgery, trauma and interventional care. Arch is developing products based on an innovative self-assembling barrier technology platform with the goal of making care faster and safer for patients. Arch's development stage product candidates include the AC5™ Topical Gel and the AC5™ Surgical Hemostatic Device. 
Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements
This news release contains "forward-looking statements" as that term is defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Statements in this press release that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements and include any statements regarding beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions regarding the future. Such forward-looking statements include, among other things, references to novel technologies and methods, our business and product development plans and projections, or market information. Actual results could differ from those projected in any forward-looking statements due to numerous factors. Such factors include, among others, the inherent uncertainties associated with developing new products or technologies and operating as a development stage company, our ability to retain important members of our management team and attract other qualified personnel, our ability to raise the additional funding we will need to continue to pursue our business and product development plans, our ability to obtain required regulatory approvals, our ability to produce commercial quantities of our products within projected timeframes, our ability to develop and commercialize products based on our technology platform, and market conditions. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this news release, and we assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Although we believe that any beliefs, plans, expectations and intentions contained in this press release are reasonable, there can be no assurance that any such beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions will prove to be accurate. Investors should consult all of the information set forth herein and should also refer to the risk factors disclosure outlined in the reports and other documents we file with the SEC, available at www.sec.gov.
Terrence W. Norchi, MD
        Arch Therapeutics, Inc.
Source: Arch Therapeutics, Inc.

Released July 25, 2017




Sign up for email alerts
Be the first to receive breaking news
Sign Up Today




 



 






Presentations :: Arch Therapeutics, Inc. (ARTH)














  

























Home
Investors
News / Events
Presentations




 


Presentations








Investor Presentation
Uploaded: Jun 6, 2017
				Type: PDF










 Recent Webcast


                LD Micro Invitational    	
Webcast ›





Sign up for email alerts
Be the first to receive breaking news
Sign Up Today




 





	Arch Therapeutics, Inc. (ARTH) Stock Message Board - InvestorsHub




























































Support: 888-992-3836 | Newswire | Home | Log in












Boards


Stocks


Commodities


Forex


Cryptocurrency


The Lounge




Hot!


Breakout Boards


iHub My Stocks Activity


Ticker Buzz Cloud


Most Read


Most Posted


Most Followed Members


Recent News


Active Boards


Site Stats


New Boards


Cannabis Stocks




Tools


Data Tools >


Charts


Trader Alerts


Trades


Portfolio


Top Lists


Price & News Alerts


Commodities


Markets in 3D




NewsWire


More Tools >


Newsletters


My Image Gallery


Advanced Search


Videos


All News


Stock Screener


News Filter


Live Charts


Live News


Live Desktop


Forex Prices


Commodities


ETF Center


Educational Channel


Personal Finance Q&A






Streamer


Level 2


Follow Feed

























































Home
            >
            Boards
            >
            US OTC
            >
            Biotechs
            >
            
Arch Therapeutics, Inc. (ARTH)



Add ARTH Price Alert  
              
            Hide Sticky  
            Hide Intro










Moderator:
lakingsphan0427 , BooDog, F1ash




Search This Board: 

2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003+






Created: 5/14/2013 1:40:35 AM - 
                Followers:
                161
                - Board type:
                Free
                - Posts Today: 
                    0







         Overview Arch Therapeutics, Inc. (Arch) is a biotechnology company developing an innovative, elegant, and superior approach to the rapid cessation of bleeding (hemostasis*) and control of fluid leakage (sealant) during surgery and trauma care. The underlying technology, exclusively licensed from a leading university, supports an innovative platform of smart materials that fulfill the criteria as a solution for a specialized field we call, “stasis and barrier applications.” Physicians, industry and patients could benefit greatly from a universal sealant for the challenges presented when an opening is created in the body, whether via surgery, trauma, colonoscopy biopsy, device implantation, or in a variety of consumer settings. The surgeon must manage and preferably prevent bleeding and leakage, as well as other challenges. Currently available tools designed to resolve these problems are often inadequate. Arch intends to transform the landscape of interventional healthcare with products to seal and protect leaking and bleeding tissue. Arch’s solution elegantly controls the movement of these fluids and substances. Arch’s products are currently progressing in preclinical development. The first product, AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device,™ is designed to achieve hemostasis in minimally invasive (laparoscopic**) and open surgical procedures and is intended to be regulated as a medical device. Surgeons would deem the product a “must have” because of its tremendous features, making it very different and far advanced compared to anything currently on the market. AC5™ stops bleeding promptly. Unlike many competitive products, it conforms to irregular wound geometry, allows for normal healing, and helps maintain a clear field of vision directly into the wound area. Because it is not sticky or glue-like, it is ideal for use in the laparoscopic setting – a challenge for much of the competition. Furthermore, it is transparent, enabling a surgeon to operate through it in order to prophylactically stop bleeding as it starts – an important advancement we have branded as Crystal Clear Surgery™. Most importantly, time to hemostasis (TTH) for AC5™ is typically measured in seconds, rather than the many minutes as provided by much of the competition. In preclinical tests, the AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device™ has been simple, effective, and versatile. To date, biocompatibility has been excellent and healing of tissue treated with the device has been normal. This extraordinary concept, if successfully proven clinically, could eventually lead to product adoption available in every surgical setting across the globe. *Hemostasis or haemostasis (from the Ancient Greek: α?μ?στασις haimóstasis "styptic (drug)") is the process of stopping bleeding, or preventing blood from leaking from damaged blood vessels and tissues. (The opposite of hemostasis is hemorrhage.) **Laparoscopic surgery, also called minimally invasive surgery (MIS), or keyhole surgery, is a modern surgical technique in which operations are performed through small incisions (usually 0.5–1.5 cm) as opposed to the larger incisions needed in open surgery. Keyhole surgery makes use of images displayed on TV monitors to magnify the surgical elements. http://www.archtherapeutics.com/     Company Info Address: 235 Walnut Street Suite 6 Framingham, MA 01702 US Telephone: 855-340-2784  Email: investors@archtherapeutics.com   Industry Classifications Sector: Industrials Industry: Conglomerates NAICS: Offices of Other Holding Companies (551112) SIC: Offices Of Holding Companies, Not Elsewhere Classified (6719)   Overview Arch Therapeutics, Inc.  (Arch) is a medical device company developing an innovative, elegant, and superior approach to the rapid cessation of bleeding (hemostasis*) and control of fluid leakage (sealant) during surgery and trauma care. The underlying technology, exclusively licensed from a leading university, supports an innovative platform of smart materials that fulfill the criteria as a solution for a specialized field we call, “stasis and barrier applications.” Physicians, industry and patients could benefit greatly from a universal sealant for the challenges presented when an opening is created in the body, whether via surgery, trauma, colonoscopy biopsy, device implantation, or in a variety of consumer settings. The surgeon must manage and preferably prevent bleeding and leakage, as well as other challenges. Currently available tools designed to resolve these problems are often inadequate. Arch intends to transform the landscape of interventional healthcare with products to seal and protect leaking and bleeding tissue. Arch’s solution elegantly controls the movement of these fluids and substances. Arch’s products are currently progressing in preclinical development. The first product, AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device,™ is designed to achieve hemostasis in minimally invasive (laparoscopic**) and open surgical procedures. Surgeons would deem the product a “must have” because of its tremendous features, making it very different and far advanced compared to anything currently on the market. AC5™ stops bleeding promptly. Unlike many competitive products, it conforms to irregular wound geometry, allows for normal healing, and helps maintain a clear field of vision directly into the wound area. Because it is not sticky or glue-like, it is ideal for use in the laparoscopic setting – a challenge for much of the competition. Furthermore, it is transparent, enabling a surgeon to operate through it in order to prophylactically stop bleeding as it starts – an important advancement we have branded as Crystal Clear Surgery™. Most importantly, time to hemostasis (TTH) for AC5™ is typically measured in seconds, rather than the many minutes as provided by much of the competition. In preclinical tests, the AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device™ has been simple, effective, and versatile. To date, biocompatibility has been excellent and healing of tissue treated with the device has been normal. This extraordinary concept, if successfully proven clinically, could eventually lead to product adoption available in every surgical setting across the globe. *Hemostasis or haemostasis (from the Ancient Greek: α?μ?στασις haimóstasis "styptic (drug)") is the process of stopping bleeding, or preventing blood from leaking from damaged blood vessels and tissues. (The opposite of hemostasis is hemorrhage.) **Laparoscopic surgery, also called minimally invasive surgery (MIS), or keyhole surgery, is a modern surgical technique in which operations are performed through small incisions (usually 0.5–1.5 cm) as opposed to the larger incisions needed in open surgery. Keyhole surgery makes use of images displayed on TV monitors to magnify the surgical elements.   Corporate Mission The Mission of Arch Therapeutics is to develop products that will improve the lives of patients and enhance the quality of care offered by healthcare personnel. We intend to offer compelling options to healthcare institutions facing limited resources. Arch Therapeutics strives to be a leader in the field of stasis and barrier applications. This includes, but is not limited to, hemostasis and sealant products. We intend to develop products with dramatically improved profiles and characteristics over products on the market or in development. We intend to broaden the scope of the field by developing improved solutions to problems beyond the traditional hemostasis and sealant realms. Arch Therapeutics is focused on capital efficiency. Our operational plans are geared toward achieving value-creating milestones in a manner that optimizes quality, probability of success, and cost effectiveness. Arch Therapeutics believes in the value of intellectual property. We intend to file and defend patents and other intellectual property as required, in order to vigorously protect our assets, ideas, and inventions. Arch Therapeutics plans to achieve its mission with a small core team. The realization of our business objectives amidst the challenges of the modern healthcare environment requires that the best supporting people surround us. We value a healthy mix of seasoned entrepreneurs, scientists, business people and investors in a disciplined environment. Arch Therapeutics believes that by focusing on the above objectives, we will achieve the goal of providing an optimal return for our investors, to whom we are thankful. Market Scope Over 35 million US and 100 million worldwide annual surgeries are driving positive ambulatory and laparoscopic surgical trends According to MedMarket Diligence, LLC, approximately 114 million surgical and procedure-based wounds occur annually worldwide, including 36 million from surgery in the US, which can benefit from sealants and/or hemostatic* agents.2 These figures are consistent with internal estimates, derived from published data3,4,5  Trends that support the increasing demand in “biomaterials” include:  ambulatory same day surgery volume growth +5% (inpatient volume is -1%) 	laparoscopic procedure volume growth 	operating room time reduction - according to MedMarket Diligence, a $115 hemostat that saves four minutes in operating time pays for itself, and these “products can often save anywhere from five minutes to two hours, depending on the procedure.” 	surgeons are expected to meet greater challenges  Target market size and trends Use of hemostatic agents and sealants is increasing. The market achieved $2B in 2010 worldwide sales and was projected to reach $4B in 20156.  Current projections now indicate sales may exceed $4B in 2013 and $7B in 2017. Over two-thirds of these sales are for hemostats, but a greater sealant growth rate is projected due to a relative paucity of products and an even larger unmet need. The most useful hemostatic agents can cost upwards of $500/application. Yet a relatively small percent of surgeons use them, often citing their limitations. Supported by views of thought-leaders, improved products would see better uptake, thus growing the already large market. Another trend is the shift over the past two decades to performing surgery in the less expensive outpatient setting. While this trend continues, bleeding risks force many otherwise straightforward cases to be performed in the hospital inpatient setting, which typically provides greater support for significant potential complications. The biggest trend is to perform surgery less invasively. Less invasive procedures produce shorter recovery times, faster discharges, less scarring, less pain and less need for pain medications. Open surgery has moved to laparoscopic surgery (25% of procedures). Traditional laparoscopic surgery (three openings) is slowly moving to single-port laparoscopic surgery (one opening), which is more difficult to perform. While still in its infancy, there is a move afoot to advance the techniques of NOTES (natural orifice translumenal endoscopic surgery), which is a method of performing surgery without creating openings in the exterior of the body, by using natural orifices to reach the intended surgical destination instead. The implication of these trends is that physicians need more advanced materials that are precisely deliverable, easily controlled, maintain a clear field of vision, and work reliably and promptly. Furthermore, the concern of leaking anastomosis in a patient who underwent laparoscopic surgery is prevalent. Some suggest that one of the main hurdles to the uptake of NOTES is concern over leaks after the “opening inside the orifice” is closed.  Many physicians stated they could use our product in the majority of their laparoscopic procedures, especially as prophylaxis against leaks that occur after the patient has moved to a post-operative environment. Existing Treatments Arch can transform the landscape. The competition has limitations “Surveys of general, vascular, thoracic, and neurosurgeons affirm the need for products that will work within one minute (preferably 15-30 seconds), remain effective for 10-14 days, and absorb within 8 weeks…” Surgical “biomaterials” for hemostasis and sealant are out of date. Surgical (and trauma) patients are at significant risk for morbidity and mortality from bleeding and/or leaking body fluids. While surgical techniques, instrumentation and technology have made tremendous strides over the last couple of decades, the majority of hemostatic agents and sealants that surgeons rely on to help stop bleeding and seal leakages have not kept up. Even though some companies have made incremental improvements on first-generation hemostatic products (example: a recombinant version of thrombin to eliminate adverse effects associated with animal-derived blood products), revolutionary advances have been elusive because the underlying technologies have basic limitations. Fortunately, thought leaders have been vocal about what is missing, and that is where Arch steps in. Surgeons agree that the ideal agent to stop bleeding or leaking does not currently exist. Surveys of general, vascular, thoracic, and neurosurgeons affirm the need for products that will work within one minute (preferably 15-30 seconds), remain effective for 10-14 days, and absorb within 8 weeks, among other needs. A product exceeding these customer expectations should achieve a high level of success. If it possesses both sealing and hemostasis crossover potential, the opportunity should be further enhanced. Starting with surgical hemostasis, Arch intends to transform the landscape of interventional care. Whether due to surgery or trauma, burn or biopsy, any hole made in the body must be properly sealed and managed. Customers desire a democratic, multipurpose technology to seal and protect that hole without interfering with normal healing. While surgeons and trauma care providers have available products to stop bleeding, they are often “me-too” products that are largely variations on relatively narrow and very old themes or classes. These possess significant drawbacks. The underlying technologies confer inherent performance limitations, with implications for the surgeon and the patient. Drawbacks of these products can include a combination of the following:  Unreliable, slow onset of action 	Does not stop bleeding 	Foreign body reaction, adhesion, granuloma formation, delayed healing 	Infection 	Difficult to prepare and use 	Intact clotting cascade required 	Animal/human sourcing 	Must be kept dry or wet surface causes poor performance 	Removal required 	External application only 	Toxicity potential 	Narrow indications 	Glue-like 	   Competitive Limitations    Category Composition Drawbacks Products     Fibrin/Thrombin, 			Collagen/Gelatin Proteins mostly from 			animal or human   Unreliable, slow onset of action 				Foreign body reaction, adhesion, infection 				Difficult to prepare and use 				Intact clotting cascade required 				Animal/human sourcing   Tisseel, Evicel, 			Evithrom, Thrombin, 			SurgiFoam, Floseal, 			Avitene, Cellerate   Cellulose/polymer hydrogels Plant cellulose, 			Polymer hydrogels   Unreliable 				Granuloma 				Poor adhesion and clotting   Surgicel 			Others   Desiccants/Concentrators Clay, chitin, starch 			powders   Must be kept dry 				Removal required   Perclot 			QuikClot -Field trauma   Of Peripheral Interest:   Cyanoacrylates Cyanoacrylates   Wet surface poor performance 				External application; Toxicity potential 				Does not stop bleeding   Dermabond 			Omnex 			Neucrylate   PEG Polyethylene Glycol   Wet surface poor performance 				Delayed healing 				Narrower indication   Duraseal 			Coseal 			RTP      Manufacturing Nanotechnology: design and control at the nanoscale The mechanism by which the AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device™ and other Arch planned pipeline products achieves its desired effect resides in the domain of the nanoscale. The design and control of AC5TM provides the desired high ordered nanostructures.  Arch techniques use organic chemistry instead of expensive biotech or plasma-based methods Simpler manufacturing methods are important Important determinants of product value are its manufacturing methods, type and source of ingredients, and burden of waste byproduct elimination. Industry is keenly aware of the downside of technologies that rely on expensive biotechnology techniques and facilities for manufacture, onerous and expensive programs to eliminate complex materials, or ingredients that are sourced from the complicated process of human or other animal plasma separation. Such products typically are expensive, infrastructure intensive, burdensome, and at greater risk for failing regulatory oversight versus simpler options. Arch’s manufacturing methods avoid these complexities. Arch’s planned products will be synthesized of naturally occurring ingredients that are not sourced from humans or other animals. These ingredients, which are the building blocks of the human body, are categorized as GRAS (Generally Recognized as Safe), convey a lower risk of adverse effects, and exist in their natural state in humans. Product Hemostatic Agent: AC5™ for control over surgical bleeding. The AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device™ - more than just a better mousetrap The hemostasis market is clearly in search of products that work better, faster, and more reliably. The AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device™ is designed to do that. Arch believes its products will be significantly superior to what is currently available. AC5™ is a synthetic peptide comprising naturally occurring amino acids. Evidence to-date supports that it is biocompatible. When squirted or sprayed onto a wound, AC5™ promptly intercalates into the nooks and crannies of the connective tissue where it builds itself into a physical, mechanical structure. That structure provides a barrier to leaking substances, including blood and other bodily fluids, regardless of type of surgery or, based on early data, clotting ability. Healing occurs normally. The structural building process is called self-assembly, and it provides a new and improved approach to addressing “stasis and barrier applications.” The Need: Modern Surgical Procedures Drive Demand For Improved Therapies       Every day, around the world, millions of surgical procedures are taking place. Many are planned months in advance, while many more are in response to emergency needs. Because these procedures are invasive, surgeons and other medical specialists focus on optimizing patient outcomes – and they constantly strive for fewer complications, including reduced fluid and blood loss in order to obtain the best results while maximizing safety and minimizing time to recovery. They also operate today through smaller incisions in the body, in procedures known as minimally invasive or laparoscopic surgery. The Solution: AC5™ Stasis And Barrier Technology   AC5™ itself is designed at the nano-scale. It's a synthetic peptide comprised of naturally occurring, non-animal, amino acids using straight-forward manufacturing techniques.   AC5™ is applied directly onto a surgical or traumatic wound, where it rapidly creates a physical barrier in the nooks and crannies of the tissue and promptly stops bleeding and fluid leaks.   It's not sticky or glue-like, and is very easy to prepare and handle. It's also a clear transparent gel enabling doctors to see through it as they work, performing “Crystal Clear Surgery™.”   The Result: Faster and Safer Surgical Outcomes   Once applied, AC5™ works quickly to stop bleeding with rapid onset of hemostasis.   With AC5™, surgeons are able to perform surgery through the protective barrier safely.   Once the incision heals, AC5™ is naturally absorbed and passes from the body.   Development The following charts summarize the dramatic improvement in hemostasis seen to date in animal testing.  The chart above shows the improvement of AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device™ over both a control substance and a control peptide.  The last chart shows the improvement of AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device™ over both cautery and saline control substances.    This chart shows how quickly AC5TM stops bleeding in preclinical studies. The barely discernable green bars illustrate the time required for AC5 to achieve hemostasis (bleeding stopped) compared to the control times in red.  Press Releases 10/31/16 http://www.archtherapeutics.com/news/press-releases/detail/483/arch-therapeutics-reports-ac5-topical-hemostatic-device 10/11/16 http://www.archtherapeutics.com/news/press-releases/detail/482/arch-therapeutics-will-present-at-the-2016-bio-investor  09/12/16 http://www.archtherapeutics.com/news/press-releases/detail/480/arch-therapeutics-provides-corporate-update-at-the-18th  08/19/16 http://www.archtherapeutics.com/news/press-releases/detail/478/arch-therapeutics-president-and-ceo-terrence-norchi-md 08/15/16 http://www.archtherapeutics.com/news/press-releases/detail/477/arch-therapeutics-reports-ac5-topical-hemostatic-device 06/6/16 Arch Therapeutics Completes Patient Enrollment in Clinical Study of AC5 05/27/16 Arch Therapeutics Announces May 26, 2016 $3.4 Million Private Placement 05/16/16 Arch Therapeutics Announces Issuance of Composition of Matter Patent Covering Self-Assembling Peptidomimetics 05/10/16 Arch Therapeutics Receives Notice of Allowance for Composition of Matter and Method of Use Patent Covering Solid Forms of Self-Assembling Peptides 04/25/16 Arch Therapeutics Receives Notice of Allowance for Patent Covering Systemic Applications for Self-Assembling Peptides 04/11/16 Arch Therapeutics Announces Notice of Allowance for Method of Use Patent Covering Uses of Self-Assembling Peptides 04/5/16 Arch Therapeutics Announces Notice of Allowance for Composition-of-Matter Patent Covering Self-Assembling Peptides 03/22/16 Arch Therapeutics Obtains Favorable Safety Data for AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device(TM) in Skin Irritation Testing in Humans 03/14/16 Arch Therapeutics Reports Favorable Results for AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device in Biocompatibility Testing Required for CE Mark 03/9/16 Arch Therapeutics Receives ISO 13485 Certification for AC5 03/7/16 Arch Therapeutics Clinical Trial Actively Enrolling Patients and Providing Investigational Treatment 12/16/15 Arch Therapeutics Receives Clearance to Initiate Clinical Trial in Europe 12/3/15 Arch Therapeutics Receives Notice of Allowance for New Patent in the United States 12/1/15 Arch Therapeutics Reports Significant Wound Healing Results in Pre-Clinical Safety Study with AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device(TM) 09/8/15 Arch Therapeutics Obtains Additional Positive Safety Data for AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device(TM) in Preclinical Toxicity Test of Sensitization 08/20/15 Arch Therapeutics Appoints James Sulat to Board of Directors 07/1/15  Arch Therapeutics Announces Private Placement 06/9/15  Arch Therapeutics Obtains Additional Safety Data for Its AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device(TM) in Successful Preclinical Toxicity Test 06/1/15  Arch Therapeutics Initiates Research and Development Collaboration With CURAM Centre for Research in Medical Devices 05/18/15 Arch Therapeutics to Present at 2015 LD MICRO Invitational Conference on June 1 04/16/15 Arch Therapeutics' AC5(TM) Compared Favorably vs. Commercially Available Combination Hemostat in Animal Study 04/14/15 Arch Therapeutics Announces Favorable Preclinical Data From an Independent Study of AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device(TM) Versus a Popular Fibrin Sealant 03/25/15 Arch Therapeutics Announces Favorable Preclinical Data from an Independent Study of AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device(TM) Versus a Popular Cellulose-Based Hemostatic Agent 03/23/15 Arch Therapeutics Announces Positive Safety Results for AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device(TM) in Preclinical Toxicity Studies 02/23/15 Pre-Clinical Animal Pilot Study Shows Arch Therapeutics' AC5(TM) Compared Favorably Versus a Popular Hemostatic Agent 02/19/15 Nanomedicine: Nanotechnology, Biology, and Medicine Publishes Preclinical Data on Arch Therapeutics' AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device(TM) 02/17/15 The British Standards Institution Classifies Arch Therapeutics' AC5(TM) as a Medical Device Within the European Union 01/13/15 Arch Therapeutics Obtains Additional Positive Results for AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device(TM) in Preclinical Safety Study 01/6/15 Arch Therapeutics Announces Positive Results for AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device(TM) in Biochemical and Cell Function Safety Studies 12/17/14 Arch Therapeutics to Present at The Biotech Showcase(TM) 2015 Conference on January 14th 2015 In The News 01/21/15 Arch Therapeutics CEO, Dr. Terrence Norchi, on Bloomberg Radio (interview starts 4 min 15 seconds into the clip) 12/12/14 Drug Discovery News: Stopping the Bleeding 05/12/14 Hemostasis in Seconds: Interview with Arch Therapeutics CEO and Founder Dr. Terrence Norchi 03/25/14 NewCo on the Go: Arch Therapeutics going after hemostatic space Presentations       Investor Presentation 			Uploaded: Apr 8, 2015 			Type: Pdf          Recent Webcast  The Biotech Showcase™ 2015 Conference Webcast ›    Management Team     Dr. Terrence W. Norchi President, Chief Executive Officer and Director   Terrence W. Norchi, MD, our co-founder, serves as our President and Chief Executive Officer, and he is a director on our Board of Directors.  Dr. Norchi has served in similar positions since co-founding Arch Therapeutics. Prior to Arch, Dr. Norchi was portfolio manager of one of the world’s largest healthcare mutual funds and pharmaceutical analyst at Putnam Investments. Prior to that he served as the senior global biotech and international pharmaceutical equity analyst at Citigroup Asset Management, and as a sell-side analyst covering non-U.S. pharmaceutical equities at Sanford C. Bernstein in New York City. Dr. Norchi earned an M.B.A. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sloan School of Management in 1996. Dr. Norchi earned an M.D. degree in 1990 from Northeast Ohio Medical University and completed his internal medicine residency in 1994 at Baystate Medical Center, Tufts University School of Medicine, where he was selected to serve as the Chief Medical Resident. Dr. Norchi brings to our Board of Directors and management team invaluable experience and knowledge of our core technology and proposed product candidates as a result of his first-hand experience with the development of that technology, having ushered it from the research laboratory to its current stage of development. His investing experience as a former public company analyst and a portfolio manager provides further insights and value as the company advances toward commercialization. Dr. Norchi serves on the Board of Overseers of the Boston Museum of Science. He also serves on the Board of Overseers of Newton-Wellesley Hospital, a member of Partners HealthCare, a network founded by Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women’s Hospital.    James Sulat Director Mr. Sulat joined our Board of Directors in August 2015. Mr. Sulat also serves as the Chairman of the Board of Directors for Momenta Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a biotech company focused on the analysis, characterization and design of complex pharmaceutical products. Mr. Sulat has served as a member of the Supervisory Board for Valneva SE or its predecessor company, Intercell AG, both European biotech companies focusing on vaccines, since 2005. Mr. Sulat has served as a member of the Board of Directors for AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a pharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of specialty pharmaceutical products, since 2014. Mr. Sulat has served as a member of the Board of Directors for diaDexus, Inc., a molecular diagnostics company focused on cardiovascular disease, since 2015. Previously, Mr. Sulat served as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer for Maxygen, Inc., from 2009 to 2013. Mr. Sulat also served as a member of the Board of Directors for Maxygen, Inc., from 2003 to 2013. Prior to that, Mr. Sulat served as the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and a member of the Board of Directors for Memory Pharmaceuticals Corp., from 2005 to 2008. Mr. Sulat previously served in senior executive roles for R.R. Donnelley & Sons, Co., Chiron Corporation, Stanford Health Services, Inc., and Esprit de Corp, Inc. Mr. Sulat also previously served as a member of the Board of Directors for Codexis, Inc., Ariat International, Inc., General Surgical Innovations, Inc., and Vans, Inc. Mr. Sulat received a B.S. in Administrative Sciences from Yale University, and an M.B.A. and an M.S. in Health Services Administration from Stanford University.     Richard E. Davis Chief Financial Officer   Mr. Davis brings a proven and successful record of more than 25 years of progressive and diversified business, financial and operational leadership within both publicly traded and privately held, domestic and multinational companies. Most recently, he has been an advisor to small and mid-size companies assisting them in their accounting, financial reporting, investor and banking needs. Prior to that, he was President, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer at NMT Medical, Inc., a NASDAQ-traded medical device company. In this role he developed and executed strategic and operational plans that resulted in revenue growth of 35 percent, 13 consecutive quarters of profitability, increased stock price and analyst coverage from five major investment firms; directed the stabilization of a French subsidiary and led successful efforts in raising $6 million from institutional investors to fund ongoing FDA-approved clinical trials. Prior to that, he was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Q-Peak, Inc., where he oversaw all financial and administrative functions. Earlier, he worked in a variety of senior level positions at the Coleman Company, The TJX Companies, Inc. and Wang Laboratories. He holds a Master of Business Administration degree with a Finance concentration from Babson College and a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from the University of Massachusetts Amherst.     William M. Cotter Chief Operating Officer   Mr. Cotter was appointed Chief Operating Officer in July 2013. He is an industry veteran who brings expertise in operations and product development in his role with the Company. Mr. Cotter has over 30 years of operational experience with various medical device, diagnostics, biologics and life science companies, ranging from early stage start-ups to large multinational corporations. Most recently, Mr. Cotter has provided consulting and advisory services to early stage biomaterials and medical device companies, including providing advisory services since 2011 to ABS, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Prior to that, Mr. Cotter served in senior operations and development roles for various companies including Cohera Medical from January 2009 to January 2012, Helicos Biosciences from May 2007 to June 2008, Closure Medical Corporation (acquired by Johnson & Johnson) from June 1997 to June 2007, Sanofi Diagnostics Pasteur (acquired by Beckman Coulter) from June 1989 to June 1997, Genetic Systems Corporation (acquired by Bio-Rad) from June 1984 to June 1989 and Advanced Technology Laboratories (acquired by Philips HealthCare) April 1980 to June 1984. While with Closure Medical Corporation, Mr. Cotter served as the Vice President of Operations and had direct responsibility and accountability for all product transfers from R&D, Engineering, Quality Control, Document Control, Production and Logistics. During that tenure, Mr. Cotter was part of a team that developed Closure Medical Corporation's Dermabond®, the first synthetic topical skin adhesive approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, and was the development project leader and co-inventor of the Dermabond TSA ProPen delivery applicator, which won the 2004 Medical Design Excellence Gold Medal Award. Mr. Cotter was also an integral part of the Closure Medical Corporation senior management team that led to a successful acquisition by Johnson & Johnson in June 2005. Prior to his tenure at Closure Medical Corporation, Mr. Cotter spent eight years with Sanofi Diagnostics Pasteur, where he had direct responsibility for all North American industrial sites and chaired that company's World Wide Manufacturing Committee. Mr. Cotter is listed as co-inventor on eight U.S. patents, and is a graduate of Ohio University.     Chirag Shah, PhD VP of R&D Engineering and Quality Systems   Chirag B. Shah, PhD is Vice President of Research and Development Engineering and Quality Systems at Arch Therapeutics. Dr. Shah brings broad 20 years of proven record of technology and product development, advanced research and device performance evaluations covering vascular, advanced wound care and infection control products. Prior to joining Arch Therapeutics, Dr. Shah was a Senior Director of Biomaterials R&D Center of Excellence in Vascular Therapies GBU at Covidien for 10 years and contributed to peripheral and neurovascular, wound care and renal access products and technologies development. Earlier, Dr. Shah worked at Biolink Corporation focusing on development of a liquid device product for infection and clotting prevention. Prior to that, Dr. Shah worked at USCI division of C.R. Bard, focusing on myocardial bioactive implant and thromboresistant stent coating technologies. Dr. Shah earned a PhD from University of Rhode Island in 1993 and Executive Leadership Certificates from Cornell and MIT in 2011 and 2009, respectively. Dr. Shah is listed as co-inventor on 25 US issued patents and published applications.     Steven A. Kates, PhD VP of Technology   Steven Kates, PhD has worked with Arch Therapeutics since 2007. He is a highly experienced pharmaceutical executive with over twenty years in R&D for both life science products and human therapeutics, Dr. Kates is regarded as a world leading chemist and industry expert in peptide design and manufacture in the biopharmaceutical industry. He has advanced several compounds through drug development from early pre-clinical to early clinical development. He was responsible for the successful development of clinical candidates for both 505(b)2 and NCE applications. He has held senior positions at Ischemix, Citius Pharmaceuticals, Surface Logix, Consensus and Millipore Corporation. Dr. Kates has authored or co-authored over 100 articles, reviews, and patents, and is a member of the American Chemical Society, the American Peptide Society, and the Association of BioMolecular Research Facilities. Dr. Kates has served as editor of Solid-Phase Synthesis: A Practical Guide and ADMET for Medicinal Chemists: A Practical Guide; guest editor of Biopolymers; co-editor of ADMET for Medicinal Chemists, A Practical Guide; a member of the Editorial Board of International Journal of Peptide Research and Therapeutics (formerly Letters in Peptide Science); and is an ad hoc reviewer for the NIH bio-organic and natural products study section. An Adjunct Professor in the Bouvé College of Health and Sciences, Center for Drug Discovery and College of Professional Studies at Northeastern University, and Visiting Professor of Chemistry at Brandeis University, Dr. Kates earned his B.S. in chemistry from Bates College and his Ph.D. in Synthetic Organic Chemistry from Brandeis University, and conducted post-doctoral studies at The Massachusetts Institute of Technology. His research interests include solid-phase peptide and organic synthesis as well as synthesis of peptides and small molecules with therapeutic activities for stroke, coronary artery bypass graft (CABG), myocardial infarction (MI) and inhibitors and substrates for kinases, proteases and G-protein coupled receptors.     Elaine Whitmore, PhD VP of Regulatory Affairs   Elaine Whitmore, PhD., brings over 25 years of extensive history in the medical products industry to Arch Therapeutics, with whom she started working in late 2010 focusing on regulatory planning and strategy. In addition to regulatory submissions, Dr. Whitmore’s experience includes development, testing, technology evaluation, and clinical planning for a variety of hemostasis products (fibrin sealants; bovine, human and recombinant thrombin products; cellulose; collagen; etc.), adhesion prevention products, and infection prevention products. Dr. Whitmore is the author of Development of FDA-Regulated Medical Products—A Translational Approach (ASQ Quality Press, 2012) and has numerous patents for medical product technologies. Prior to becoming a product development and technology consultant, she held executive management industry positions in a variety of functions, including New Product Development, Regulatory and Clinical Affairs, Scientific Affairs, and Business Development. Dr. Whitmore received her PhD degree from Northwestern University.  Board of Directors        Dr. Avtar Dhillon Chairman of the Board of Directors   Dr. Dhillon has served as the Chairman of our Board of Directors since April 2013 and has been on the Board of Directors of ABS since May 2011. Previously, Dr. Dhillon was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (formerly Inovio Biomedical Corporation) (NYSE Euronext: INO) from October 2001 to June 2009, as President and Chairman of Inovio from June 2009 until October 2009, as Executive Chairman until August 2011, and as Chairman from September 2011. During his tenure at Inovio, Dr. Dhillon led the successful turnaround of the company through a restructuring, acquisition of technology from several European and North American companies, and a merger with VGX Pharmaceuticals to develop a vertically integrated DNA vaccine development company with one of the strongest development pipelines in the industry. Dr. Dhillon led multiple successful financings for Inovio and concluded several licensing deals that included global giants, Merck and Wyeth (now Pfizer). Prior to joining Inovio, Dr. Dhillon was vice president of MDS Capital Corp. (now Lumira Capital Corp.), one of North America's leading healthcare venture capital organizations. In July 1989, Dr. Dhillon started a medical clinic and subsequently practiced family medicine for over 12 years. Dr. Dhillon has been instrumental in successfully turning around struggling companies and influential as an active member in the biotech community. From March 1997 to July 1998, Dr. Dhillon was a consultant to Cardiome Pharma Corp. (NASDAQ: CRME), where he lead a turnaround based on three pivotal financings, establishing a clinical development strategy, and procuring a new management team. In his role as a founder and board member of companies, Dr. Dhillon has been involved in several early stage healthcare focused companies listed on U.S. or Canadian stock exchanges, which have successfully matured through advances in their development pipeline and subsequent M&A transactions. Most recently, he was a founding board member (May 2003) of Protox Therapeutics, Inc. (TSX-V: SHS) (now Sophiris Bio Inc.), a publicly traded specialty pharmaceutical company. Dr. Dhillon maintained his board position until the execution of a financing of up to $35 million with Warburg Pincus in November 2010. Dr. Dhillon currently sits on the Board of Directors of BC Advantage Funds, a Venture Capital Corporation in British Columbia, and since March 2012 has been the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Stevia First Corp. (OTCQB: STVF), an agricultural biotechnology company engaged in the cultivation and harvest of stevia leaf and the development of stevia products. Since March 2011, Dr. Dhillon has also served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of of OncoSec Medical, Inc. (OTCQB: ONCS), a company developing its advanced-stage ImmunoPulse DNA-based immunotherapy to treat solid tumor and metastatic cancers. Dr. Dhillon adds value to our Board of Directors with his extensive experience as a member of boards of directors and senior management of other public companies and with his experience in company building, financing, and licensing with large industry partners.     Dr. Arthur Rosenthal Director   Dr. Rosenthal has been appointed as a director of the Company upon the consummation of the Merger, and has served as the Chairman of the Board of ABS since April 2011. He has served for 40 years in senior research and product development executive roles for medical technology companies and in those roles has successfully directed commercialization efforts for hundreds of novel medical products. He was Chief Scientific Officer at Boston Scientific from January, 1994 to January, 2005, Vice President of Research and Development at Johnson and Johnson Medical Products, Inc. from April, 1990 to January, 1994 and more recently Chief Executive Officer of two start-up companies, Labcoat, Ltd. and Cappella, Inc., both developing cardiovascular medical devices. He is currently, and has been since January 2010, a Professor of Practice in Translational Research in Boston University's College of Engineering, where he oversees biomedical engineering innovation. Dr. Rosenthal received his Ph.D. in biochemistry from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, 1973. Currently, Dr. Rosenthal serves as Non-Executive Director and as Chairman of the Compensation Committe and member of the Audit Committee for Cyberonics, Inc. (NASDAQ: CYBX), having joined its Board of Directors in January 2007. Dr. Rosenthal is a valuable member of our Board of Directors because of his high-ranking roles in private and public medical device companies, his extensive experience overseeing research and development and commercialization of a large number of products in the medical field, and his company-buil  Advisors      Rutledge Ellis-Behnke, PhD Scientist, Co-Founder   Dr. Ellis-Behnke is the Director of the Nanomedicine Translational Think Tank at the Medical Faculty Mannheim of the University of Heidelberg in Germany. In addition, he holds affiliate faculty positions at M.I.T., as well as Wake Forest and University of South Florida medical schools. His research is focused on reconnecting the disconnected parts of the brain—with the goal of being able to provide a prescription to restore quality of life after brain or spinal cord trauma, or stroke. In animals he was the first to repair the brain showing reversal of blindness; to stop bleeding in less than 15 seconds without clotting; to preserve stem cells; and to immobilize prostate cancer stem cells. Previously, he was Associate Professor in the Faculty of Medicine at the University of Hong Kong, as well as Associate Director of the Technology Transfer Office. Prior to returning to school to pursue his PhD, Ellis-Behnke held various management positions including Senior Vice President of Huntingdon, a public company for pharmaceutical testing and consulting services; and in 1995 was co-founder/CEO of one of the first internet companies in the world to do online commerce. Ellis-Behnke is an Associate Editor for the journal Nanomedicine and is on the Editorial Board of Nanomedicine & Biotherapeutic Discovery. He is a member of the International Society of Nanomedicine and the Scientific Advisory Board of the Glaucoma Foundation. He has multiple worldwide patent applications and his “Nano Neuro Knitting” and “Immediate Hemostasis” technologies have each been licensed to companies for translation to humans. Technology Review named his “Nanohealing” discoveries one of the “Top 10 Emerging Technologies.” Ellis-Behnke received a PhD from MIT in Neuroscience; a Bachelor of Science from Rutgers University and graduated from Harvard Business School’s Advanced Manager’s Program (AMP).               Roger Gregory, PhD Scientific Advisor  Roger Gregory, PhD, Professor of Chemistry and Biochemistry, Kent State University, has been working with Arch Therapeutics since late 2011. He has provided expertise in product formulation and the relationship between the structure and properties of peptides. Dr. Gregory is a physical biochemist with over 30 years of experience in protein chemistry and analysis. His research interests include protein dynamics, protein hydration, and protein-solvent interactions. He recently returned to the Kent State faculty after serving over seven years as Chair of the Department of Chemistry. As Chair, he helped establish core facilities in genomics, proteomics, bioimaging and 3D visualization. Dr. Gregory earned his BSc and PhD in Biochemistry from the University of Sheffield, England, and performed his postdoctoral work in Protein Chemistry at the University of Minnesota.               Victor Garsky, PhD Scientific Advisor and Consultant  Victor Garsky, PhD, Past Head of Merck Peptide Synthesis Laboratory, is an advisor and consultant to Arch Therapeutics, bringing his expertise in peptide-based therapeutic design; peptidomimetics; peptide synthesis and purification; scale-up and cGMP production of peptides. Dr. Garsky‘s career spans 35 years in the Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology industry.  During those years, he has been with Wyeth Laboratories, Bachem California, and most recently with Merck Research Laboratories from where he recently retired after 25 years.  While at Merck, he headed the Peptide Synthesis Laboratory.  Among his research team’s contributions are an experimental early phase clinical vaccine for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease and to the development of Aggrastat®.  While at Bachem California in the mid 1980’s Dr. Garsky served as Director of Chemistry.  His responsibilities included the establishment of a cGMP facility and the overseeing of the production-scale synthesis of numerous biologically important peptides such as leutinizing hormone releasing hormone (LHRH) and somatostatin (SRIF). Dr. Garsky earned his PhD in Organic Chemistry from Southern Illinois University and his BS from Fairleigh Dickinson University.  He is a member of the American Chemical Society and American Peptide Society.  He serves on the National Institutes of Health Contract Review Committee for peptide facilities. Dr. Garsky holds 32 United States issued patents and 105 peer reviewed publications.               William T. Denman, MBChB, FRCA Medical Advisor  Dr. Denman started advising Arch Therapeutics in 2012. He is a Massachusetts General Hospital Anesthesiologist, Clinical Trial Investigator and past Chief Medical Officer of Covidien and GE Healthcare. Dr. Denman received his medical training in the United Kingdom, completing residency at St. Bartholomew’s Hospital in London, followed by a fellowship at Massachusetts General Hospital, remaining on staff. In 2000 he became Chief of Pediatric Anesthesia at the Floating Hospital for Children in Boston. During his full-time medical practice he was involved in multiple clinical trials and development of pharmaceuticals and devices. He filed and was awarded several patents while focusing on solutions for unmet clinical needs. In 2003, he began his career at Tyco Healthcare, now Covidien, becoming the Chief Medical Officer and VP for Medical Affairs in 2007. He guided development and implementation of the medical functions throughout Covidien, built a medical affairs, clinical affairs, healthcare economics and reimbursement team; focused these functions on ensuring compliance with new regulations and driving the medical voice into all aspects of the business. In From 2010 to 2012, he was the Chief Medical Officer at GE Healthcare. In this role he strove to ensure a patient-centered culture while focusing on healthcare providers and his team was embedded in all facets of the business; R&D, clinical trials, training, compliance, business development and risk management. He continues a clinical practice at Massachusetts General Hospital and an academic affiliation at Harvard Medical School, both in Boston. He continues to publish and has recently been granted several more patents. He is co-leader of an annual mission to Vietnam where he provides care to children and medical teaching to those who care for children.               Floyd D. Loop, M.D. Medical Advisor  Dr. Floyd D. Loop has been an advisor to Arch Therapeutics since 2008. Dr. Loop served as Chief Executive and Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Cleveland Clinic Foundation from 1989-2004. Dr. Loop graduated from Purdue University in 1958 and received his M.D. degree from The George Washington University, Washington, D.C., in 1962.  His postgraduate surgical training was received at The George Washington University, the U.S. Air Force at Andrews Air Force base and at The Cleveland Clinic Foundation. He joined the Cleveland Clinic staff in 1970 and was appointed Chairman of the Department of Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery in 1975, a post he held until 1989 when he was named Chief Executive Officer of the Cleveland Clinic and Chair, Board of Governors. Dr. Loop gained an international reputation in cardiac surgery.  He assembled a group of skilled, experienced thoracic and cardiovascular surgeons who have earned an unsurpassed reputation in their own right.  Dr. Loop and colleagues were responsible for today's widespread use of arterial conduits in coronary artery surgery, innovations in valve repair, and they pioneered technical improvements for reoperations.  During his career as a surgeon, Dr. Loop has performed more than 12,000 open-heart operations and is author of 350 papers on all aspects of cardiovascular surgery. Dr. Loop has served on editorial boards of numerous scientific journals.  He has been a guest lecturer at many cardiology and surgical meetings internationally, and has demonstrated surgical technique in many countries.  Among the awards and honors accorded him, Dr. Loop received the American College of Cardiology Cummings Humanitarian Award in 1975, the American Heart Association Citation for International Service in 1980, and in 1982 the Order of Merit, Brazil’s highest civilian award given.  He chaired the Residency Review Committee for Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery in 1993, and was President of the American Association for Thoracic Surgery 1997, and a Director of the American Board of Thoracic Surgery, 1993-1999.  From 1999-2002, Dr. Loop served  on the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission (MedPAC).  He has received Honorary Doctor of Science degrees from Cleveland State University, St. Louis University, and Purdue universities. During this 15 year tenure as chief executive, Dr. Loop selected a new administrative team which reorganized the clinic and added greatly to the academic enterprise.  A new health delivery system was established in Cleveland by acquiring eight Cleveland hospitals and building 14 outpatient clinics.  In Florida, new clinics and hospitals were built in Ft. Lauderdale and Naples.  The revenues grew from 645 million in 1989 to 3.6 billion in 2004.  The Cleveland Clinic is consistently recognized as one of the 10 top hospitals in the United States and honored as one of the best managed medical centers.  Beginning in 1990, each year has brought a new record for patient activity and overall academic performance.  He authored Leadership and Medicine in 2009. Dr. Loop serves on the boards of one public corporation and several private corporation boards.               Steve Schwaitzberg, MD, FACS Medical Advisor  Steve Schwaitzberg, MD, FACS, is an advisor to Arch, bringing his expertise in surgery, clinical trials, and biomaterials for hemostasis and sealing. He is Chief of Surgery at Cambridge Health Alliance, adjunct professor at Tufts University, and Visiting Associate Professor at Harvard Medical School. He is Past President of the Society of American Gastrointestinal Endoscopic Surgeons (SAGES), a world-class laparoscopic surgical association. A key opinion leader, Dr. Schwaitzberg has a distinguished reputation in surgery. He was initially trained as a trauma and surgical infection expert and then became an early leader in the minimally invasive surgery (MIS) revolution. Dr. Schwaitzberg is an innovator who teaches surgical technique around the world. He has served in key leaderships positions in major surgical organizations and received international recognition as a leader in technology in the operating room and for the introduction of novel MIS technology. Dr. Schwaitzberg is a seasoned clinical researcher with a deep interest in technology development. He is widely published and has been invited to present and teach courses around the world for over 25 years. Dr. Schwaitzberg earned an MD from Baylor College of Medicine and a BA in biology from The Johns Hopkins University.               Jeremy D. Ollerenshaw, PhD Scientific Advisor, Preclinical Sciences  Dr. Ollerenshaw is the Technical Leader in Clinical Affairs at Kimberly-Clark Health Care. He is a seasoned scientific leader in clinical and preclinical research and has supported pharmaceutical and medical device development in cardiovascular disease, tissue regeneration and critical care medicine. Prior to joining Kimberly-Clark, Dr. Ollerenshaw was a director of preclinical research and physician training at Saint Joseph’s Translational Research Institute in Atlanta. He also was Director of Vascular Technologies at CryoLife, Inc. from 1995-2003 where he managed a team that developed the world’s first unfixed xenogenic vascular graft for use in hemodialysis patients. Prior to industry Dr. Ollerenshaw built a strong 11-year academic career in medical research at the University of Leicester in the UK, where he obtained his PhD in 1989 in Vascular Biology, and later at Emory University in Atlanta where he was Instructor in Medicine. He has published widely in vascular disease and tissue engineering and is credited with 6 book chapters and review articles, and 53 peer-reviewed manuscripts and abstracts. He has three issued US patents and two issued European patents.                       Investor Relations Tel: +1.855.340.ARTH (2784) investors@archtherapeutics.com   Transfer Agent Empire Stock Transfer (www.empirestock.com) 1859 Whitney Mesa Dr Henderson, NV 89014 Tel: 702-818-5898 FAX: 702-974-1444 info@empirestock.com       Auditors MFA - Moody, Famiglietti & Andronico, LLP 1 Highwood Drive Tewksbury, Massachusetts 01876      ARTH Security Details  Share Structure   Shareholders     Market Value1   $82M        a/o 7/15/16           Shares Issued    110,423,588M   a/o 03/31/16         Public Float   90.99M         a/o 03/31/16     Authorized Shares   300M             a/o 03/31/16         Shares Outstanding     144,115,398 a/o 11/25/16         Shareholders of Record   100   a/o 6/13/2016       Shares/Options Held by Management (~22%)   27M a/o June 24,2016  Corporate Actions     Security Notes      Capital Change=shs increased by 11 for 1 split. Ex-date=05/28/2013. Rec date=05/24/2013. Pay date=05/24/2013       










            ARTH
        



            Current Price
        



            Volume:
        







            Bid
        

            Ask
        

            Day's Range
        















ARTH Detailed Quote









1D1M2M3M6M1Y2Y3Y5Y


















ARTH News: Current Report Filing (8-k)

07/25/2017 08:07:56 AM



ARTH News: Current Report Filing (8-k)

06/06/2017 12:50:51 PM



ARTH News: Prospectus Filed Pursuant to Rule 424(b)(5) (424b5)

02/21/2017 09:30:36 AM



ARTH News: Current Report Filing (8-k)

02/21/2017 09:29:17 AM



ARTH News: Current Report Filing (8-k)

02/16/2017 11:19:13 AM








 News Alert: Current Report Filing (8-k)
07/25/2017 08:07:56 AM







Post New Msg


Follow Board


My Stocks (83)


Hide Intro


View Posters


ARTH Poststream


Bans (0)


Hide Quote


Filter Disabled









PostSubject< Older


#6241
                                 

2017 Planned Milestones

BooDog
05/12/17 06:14:10 AM


#1731
                                 

Bottom line is that I don't typically post

dp157
04/07/16 11:35:54 PM


#6709
                                 
                            
Personally, glad it didn't rocket up .15. Today's

whatworld
07/25/17 08:01:54 PM


#6708
                                 
                            
Possible approval withinin 90 days from today -

Amatuer17
07/25/17 12:04:14 PM


#6707
                                 
                            
Good, good, good!

forever39
07/25/17 11:52:25 AM


#6706
                                 
                            
Look at my msg 6704

I think they have

Amatuer17
07/25/17 11:52:18 AM


#6705
                                 
                            
Thank You for the news! Oh my gosh,

NickHous
07/25/17 11:44:30 AM


#6704
                                 
                            
Here is summary of the Steps in 510K

Amatuer17
07/25/17 11:39:01 AM


#6703
                                 
                            
IMO they will ink a partnership deal before

codaras
07/25/17 11:28:07 AM


#6702
                                 
                            
Should I sell some? That always makes just

F1ash
07/25/17 11:20:37 AM


#6701
                                 
                            
As you know I have been in this

formerdtrader
07/25/17 10:23:05 AM


#6700
                                 
                            
Anyone have any idea why they filed 510(k)

brahmsennobles
07/25/17 10:21:26 AM


#6699
                                 
                            
Hopefully this will shut the "pump and dump"

whatworld
07/25/17 10:00:19 AM


#6698
                                 
                            
Thought we would have jumped more, as usual.

21money21
07/25/17 09:55:16 AM


#6697
                                 
                            
...imho...this puts baseline support into ARTH SP...

Justfactsmam
07/25/17 09:47:42 AM


#6696
                                 
                            
Should I sell some? That always makes just

NickHous
07/25/17 09:44:00 AM


#6695
                                 
                            
...give it time...over the next few days

Justfactsmam
07/25/17 09:43:41 AM


#6694
                                 
                            
Nice to see that ARCH filed 510 with

ahab333
07/25/17 09:43:35 AM


#6693
                                 
                            
Nice,  about time ,  we all

oneflew12
07/25/17 09:40:53 AM


#6692
                                 
                            
Surprised hasn't jumped more at open! Definitely expecting

NickHous
07/25/17 09:40:38 AM


#6691
                                 
                            
lets hope the "penny" traders (which unfortunately we

Justfactsmam
07/25/17 09:37:51 AM


#6690
                                 
                            
They do not have funds, resources and skill

Amatuer17
07/25/17 09:36:54 AM


#6689
                                 
                            
Let's hope people don't sell on the news..

lakingsphan0427 
07/25/17 09:34:33 AM


#6688
                                 
                            
Of course... That has always been their position

D theG
07/25/17 09:29:03 AM


#6687
                                 
                            
...that "chip" as transparent as a thin potato

Justfactsmam
07/25/17 09:23:19 AM


#6686
                                 
                            
Presentation in June, they said it's their intention

JKM1
07/25/17 09:16:45 AM


#6685
                                 
                            
Do you understand the concept of a bargaining chip?????

D theG
07/25/17 09:07:23 AM


#6684
                                 
                            
Hey Paulness! Thanks!! Good to see you over here!!!

BooDog
07/25/17 08:56:46 AM


#6683
                                 
                            
positive news...but lets hope they do not waste

Justfactsmam
07/25/17 08:49:59 AM


#6682
                                 
                            
The ball is now rolling.  Way to

Dan1953
07/25/17 08:25:46 AM


#6681
                                 
                            
Great!

TheDane
07/25/17 08:20:31 AM


#6680
                                 
                            
Finally!!

One more good news - they had some

Amatuer17
07/25/17 08:18:31 AM


#6679
                                 
                            
NEWS -- Arch Therapeutics Announces 510(k) Submission to

Paulness
07/25/17 08:18:00 AM


#6678
                                 
                            
They did it!!!

21money21
07/25/17 08:04:49 AM


#6677
                                 
                            
It works every time until you're out of money.

TheDane
07/24/17 02:24:42 PM


#6676
                                 
                            
8 five figure sells/ 1 five figure BUYS,,,

moneymaker290
07/24/17 02:09:22 PM


#6675
                                 
                            
I think fear motivates people.  When a

NNW
07/24/17 10:14:19 AM


#6674
                                 
                            
Come on people cheer up man , 

oneflew12
07/24/17 10:08:21 AM


#6673
                                 
                            
I tend to agree, only chance of going

21money21
07/24/17 07:28:48 AM


#6672
                                 
                            
I'd say worse case is mid .40s again.

TheDane
07/24/17 07:21:03 AM


#6671
                                 
                            
Yeah, obviously if news this week this flies,

21money21
07/23/17 09:22:52 PM


#6670
                                 
                            
I'm confident without even looking that kss made

TheDane
07/23/17 07:09:06 PM


#6669
                                 
                            
If it takes until end of sept Arth

21money21
07/23/17 05:25:03 PM


#6668
                                 
                            
If it takes to the end of September

djkjpk62
07/23/17 03:37:07 PM


#6667
                                 
                            
Your remarks show the lack of faith many

forever39
07/22/17 11:15:19 AM


#6666
                                 
                            
I started to think my price target of

bryan2464
07/21/17 06:06:36 PM


#6665
                                 
                            
The chart is your friend 1flew and downturn

lakingsphan0427 
07/21/17 04:52:36 PM


#6664
                                 
                            
I am very disappointed this week after the

oneflew12
07/21/17 03:07:57 PM


#6663
                                 
                            
I seriously think ARTH will head back to

lakingsphan0427 
07/21/17 02:17:49 PM


#6662
                                 
                            
Might have to sign up for gumshoe again

TheDane
07/21/17 01:05:54 PM


#6661
                                 
                            
We need to see solid progress on those

forever39
07/21/17 11:15:28 AM


#6660
                                 
                            
I just noticed this is the longest they

djkjpk62
07/20/17 03:51:42 PM

PostSubject< Older
















Post New Msg


Follow Board


My Stocks (83)


Hide Intro


View Posters


ARTH Poststream


Bans (0)


Hide Quote


Filter Disabled














            ©
            2017
            InvestorsHub.Com, Inc.
        





About

Investor Relations


About Us


Terms of Service


Privacy Policy


Advertise With Us


Data Accreditations


Disclaimer




Help

FAQ


Handbook


Q&A Forum


Contact Us


Tutorials




Educational

Educational Channel


Stock Market 101


Educational Videos


Investor Help Forum


Personal Finance Q&A




More

Corporate Solutions


iHub on Facebook


iHub on Twitter


iHub iPhone/iPad App


iHub Android App


iHub BlackBerry App


iHub NewsWire






            You are
            Guest
            on
            WEB7
        


























 


 


Arch Therapeutics, Inc. (ARTH)














  






























Next Generation Medical Technology
AC5™ stops bleeding promptly. Unlike many competitive products, it conforms to irregular wound geometry, allows for normal healing, and helps maintain a clear field of vision.
Learn More


Average Time to Hemostasis in Seconds


AC5
Control
Control Peptide





10 Seconds
10.0






300 Seconds
300.0






180 Seconds
180.0













About
Arch Therapeutics, Inc. is a biotechnology company developing a novel approach to stop bleeding (hemostasis) and control leaking (sealant) during surgery and trauma care.
Learn More ›




Technology
The hemostasis market is clearly in search of products that work better, faster, & more reliably. The AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device™ is designed to do that.
Learn More ›




Leadership
The management team possesses proven science and business track records with the knowledge to build, run and grow a commercial enterprise.
Learn More ›









Market
The AC5 Surgical Hemostatic Device™ value proposition is based on the premise of faster and safer surgery. The product is designed to be simple, effective, versatile, and safe.
Learn More





Surgical Procedures with Potential for the use of Hemostats, Sealants, Glues and Adhesion Prevention Products, Worldwide (Millions). 2011

(Source: MedMarket Diligence, LLC; "Surgical Sealants, Glues Worldwide.")


 









Company Video
Arch Therapeutics, Inc. is a medical device company offering an innovative, elegant, and superior approach to the rapid cessation of bleeding (hemostasis) and control of fluid leakage (sealant) during surgery and trauma care.
Play Video 









Recent News View All News


07/25/17: 
        

Arch Therapeutics Announces 510(k) Submission to the U.S. FDA for AC5(TM) Topical Gel




06/06/17: 
        

Arch Therapeutics Presents Corporate Update at the LD Micro Invitational on Tuesday, June 6, 2017




Email Alerts
Receive breaking news first!


Sign Up Today









ARTH
OTCQB








Volume



Market Cap



Change







Investor Presentation
View Presentation ›





Recent Webcast


                LD Micro Invitational    	
Webcast ›


Radio Interview of Dr. Norchi by Professor Joan Buckley of "Your Family's Health" (30 Minutes)
Listen ›







 
















Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


