


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Japan Fund (PRJPX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Japan Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRJPX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/25/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$13.63
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.06
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/25/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								18.73%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$11.37
							
							-
							
								$13.69
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$590.72

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Japan Fund among 
39,
39,
28
and 
12
Japan Stock
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			This fund's objective is long-term growth of capital through investment in the common stocks of companies located, or with primary operations, in Japan.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					19.83%
				
			

				
					19.83%
				
			


3 Years

				
					10.19%
				
			

				
					10.19%
				
			


5 Years

				
					13.00%
				
			

				
					13.00%
				
			


10 Years

				
					3.05%
				
			

				
					3.05%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 2.68%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							2.68%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							December 30, 1991
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						1.02%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						1.02%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			


				The Japan Fund charges a 2% 
redemption fee on shares held 90 days or less. 
The performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of the redemption fee; 
if it did, the performance would be lower.
			


2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Tue Jul 25 23:13:45 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































Arcus Japan Value Fund Interview















































  






Fund Manager? List your fund
Contact Us


 Login

 



Email Address



Password




Keep me logged in

Sign in




Register


Forgot your password?



















 
 





















News & Events




 
 Archive 
 



 Arcus Japan Value Fund Interview  
 November 2003 |  Eurekahedge 






 











The Arcus team, consisting of Robert Macrae, Peter Tasker and Mark Pearson, discuss their latest product with Eurekahedge.

 

Looking forward, how do you envisage absolute return investment strategies or styles evolving over time?

	We can't really say much about the way in which the industry will evolve, but we don't expect to make major changes within Arcus. The real driver is always bottom-up stock analysis, which is Mark's key contribution: is it cheap, and why? Peter's macro view provides context. In a year or so we may want to sell this stock; what will the market be talking about then? Should we be looking for companies that will be the stars of the coming recovery, or those that will survive the coming crunch? Robert's tools provide the glue that lets us handle large portfolios and answer the perennial favourite, why did we lose money?
	It is a recipe that seems to work. AJVF is just about applying our established approach to the stocks we love best.

You have two successful Japanese hedge funds. What made you decide to launch a long only fund? 
Arcus has always managed long only funds alongside its hedge funds and, like the hedge funds, these have been very successful. All of the funds have outperformed Topix substantially. However, until now the long funds have been available only to Japanese investors; the Arcus Japan Value Fund ("AJVF") will be the first Arcus long fund open to international investors.
We reckon that outstanding value is available in Japanese small/micro caps and stocks with limited liquidity. By way of illustration, one of our more conservative long funds recently had the following profile: an average PER of 9x, an average PBR of 1x, and average growth of 8%. That's an attractive value-to-growth ratio by any standard.
We hold lots of positions like this in our hedge funds, but in many cases we can't expand them because they are constrained by risk control and liquidity. Now that the hedge funds are closed we see AJVF as the ideal vehicle to make these exposures available in concentrated form.

Can you explain your investment process for this fund? 
The fund will seek out a range of different kinds of undervalued stocks - classic deep discount value stocks, net nets and extremely low P/Es and some quasi-distressed companies, but we will also hold GARP stocks, undervalued new economy stocks and some undervalued major companies if they look compelling enough. Our industry knowledge, quantitative tools and screening are used to highlight candidates that are then selected on the basis of fundamental analysis.
This is the process that we have used for the last decade and in all our funds.


With a strong emphasis on fundamental research and 3500 companies to cover in Japan, why do you prefer to be based in London rather than Tokyo? 
London is a great base for regulatory reasons and for convenience, but it's a little misleading to see us as based solely over here. Peter, our strategist, is based full time in Tokyo and Mark, the fund manager, spent three months there last year. Most of his time was spent visiting companies and we visit well over one hundred companies a year in Japan, as well as the several hundred we meet in London.
It is certainly important to be firmly grounded in Tokyo. It tends to be the big, well-known, foreigner-friendly - in other words, "expensive" - companies that visit London. On balance our longs come from visits in Japan and our shorts from London. However, there is also a big advantage to distance - it gives you perspective. Our style is highly contrarian and it's important to us to avoid being caught up in the latest fad or fear.

Is your strategy flexible? Would you consider large cap stocks if you uncover some sudden turnaround in 'living dead' companies? 
Until recently investors hated zombies so much that few of them are large caps any more! Peter and Robert wrote an article on this for Swisshedge a few months back, laying out our perspective on the impact of the bear market on equity valuations. There is a price at which zombies are a buy, and there is enormous upside for the ones that survive. Resona is a classic example.
Of course, since the Resona rescue such stocks have performed strongly and it is no longer obvious that one is being paid for the risk, but the time may well return… That is why we have made the mandate flexible. Right now we don't know what will be cheapest in a year or two, but that is where AJVF will be.

Your capacity is quite low at $100m. Is this purely determined by liquidity and if so how would you go about increasing capacity with increased investor demand? 
Capacity is constrained by the AJVF's objective of maximising performance. Many of the best investment opportunities are in stocks with rather low liquidity. AJVF has been structured to allow it to invest in such stocks, with a tight gate for redemptions, but there is always a limit to the size of investment that can be made without hitting price. Our objective is to provide a significant exposure to the best investment opportunities in Japan and, as with our hedge funds, we are not going to let size get in the way of this.
It is possible that the fund will close below $100m, depending on market conditions, but I don't think any increase in this limit is at all likely. If we are right about the attractiveness of these assets they will be marked up significantly - in some cases by a factor of two or three - over the next few years. Of course they will then become more liquid, but I do not think it would make much sense to increase the fund size after the best returns had been made.


What are the advantages of running a long only strategy as compared to a long/short strategy?
AJVF grew out of a kind of frustration with long/short. We have set up the hedge funds with tight risk and liquidity parameters. These are constraints that restrict our ability to increase some of the very best positions. There are great stocks out there that we would love to leverage into, but can't because it would blow Zensen's volatility budget of 12-15% a year, or just be unmanageable if we face a substantial redemption some month.
That is where AJVF comes in. It is going to be a high-volatility fund. We want investors who want to take risk and who have a long-term vision on this asset class. That is why we have tight redemption terms. We can take more exposure because investors are less focussed on the short term.

What is your fee structure? 
We charge 2% fixed and 20% performance - a hedge fund structure. Investors will have the choice of an absolute performance fee or one relative to Topix.

Generally long-only absolute return funds tend to charge lower fees than hedge funds. How do you justify your fees? 
Arcus has a strong track record of managing long only funds.



 
Typical
				Fund
				Size
Years
Absolute
				Fund
				Return
Topix
				Return
Relative
				Perf
Annual
				Relative
				Perf


PSJEF
$25m
4.50
57%
-18%
+91%
+15%


AVF
$45m
4.75
62%
-8%
+76%
+13%


Leaders
$70m
3.00
9%
-31%
+58%
+17%


Neo
$5m
3.50
21%
-44%
+116%
+24%


Returns are for funds and managed accounts for which Arcus is investment advisor and are quoted net of all fees, from inception to September 2003 or to fund closure. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of future returns



PSJEF is probably the most comparable to AJVF in terms of mandate, but our relative returns on all these long funds are comparable to the absolute returns normally seen on hedge funds so we don't see any reason to be shy on fees.
We are not a commodity manager. We can't take $1 billion and continue to deliver this kind of performance, so we prefer to keep the funds small and make money when we do a good job for our clients.


What would be the difference in investor appetite for this fund as opposed to your long/short strategy?
	We see AJVF and Zensen as fulfilling quite different roles in clients' portfolios. AJVF will appeal to investors who want unhedged long exposure to what we think is the most exciting part of Japan Inc, and who want it for the long term. Zensen is a cash-relative product taking significantly less risk.

Due to the success of your long/short strategy do you expect to raise assets from investors who have allocated to the Arcus Zensen Fund and the Arcus Japan Long / Short Fund?
	We have strong indications of interest from investors in our hedge funds, and also significant commitments from new investors. Though it is still early days - Launch is 1 December - we think the fund will open with well over $30 million.

	In fact the strong appetite for this kind of exposure is one of the reasons we like this class of stocks. They haven't really moved yet, but with the levels of interest we are seeing it is possible that they will move rather soon. We want to be invested when they do.


Do you feel that Japan markets have finally recovered? 
	Topix is currently up +36% from its March low, which leaves it down -40% below its peak in early 2000. Is it half way, or just the beginning? In every past cycle, the problem for Japan is that the market recovery has allowed the authorities to back-pedal the ongoing reform. It could be the same story again.

	On the other hand - as Peter noted in a strategy comment to our investors earlier this year - this time it is different. This time, the usual flurry of spring market support was muted. The bounce dates not from administrative manoeuvres, but from Resona's bankruptcy, and there is a good case that this is healthier. At least the market now sees a way out; the banks may have capital adequacy problems but the government is now following a pragmatic damage-minimising strategy, and monetary policy is very supportive. This gives reasonable prospects of exiting deflation.
At the moment earnings momentum is strong, industrial production is strong, world markets are strong, export demand is strong and policy is supportive. We can't say how long this will persist, but while it does there is certainly room for a further rise in the market.


What are your targeted returns and how do you plan to minimise your volatility? What risk procedures are in place to do this?
	We are always a little uncomfortable talking about target returns, because whatever we say we know the reality will be different. On average we have had double-digit outperformance on our long funds, so I guess that gives an indication of scale.

	Maybe it is better to talk about risk. We actually use the same process for all our funds. We have developed a proprietary system that gives robust forecasts of the marginal contribution that each stock in the universe - both our positions and all possible candidates - makes to fund risk. In other words, it forecasts how many cents we add to our risk budget if we put one more dollar into the stock. This lets us set the fund's risk exposure where we want it.
In Zensen, we use this to set a budget of 12-15%. The risk system is actively telling us to limit positions to stay within this range. In AJVF we use the same system so that we can see where our risk is, but it does not really constrain positions in the same way. Both volatility and tracking to Topix are going to be on the general scale of 20%.
Perhaps it is repeating an earlier point, but this fund is only for people who really want this exposure. Zensen aims to control risk, AJVF aims to take it.


Contact Details
Arcus Investment Ltd
United Kingdom
+44 20 7861 9661
arcusinvestment@btinternet.com
 


[Top]














 
Email this Article to a friend




Your Name





Your Email





Friend's Email






Your Message



I came across this article in Eurekahedge's monthly newsletter which you may be interested in: http://www.eurekahedge.com/NewsAndEvents/News/1395/03nov_archive_interview_Arcus




 RefreshInput symbols
 











Submit









Please enter your contact details to download the  report.




                    Name *





                    Email *





                    Password *





                    Telephone *









Already registered? Sign in here.                               
                        
Download
















                            The manager interview shown on this page is for viewing by accredited investors only. By providing your consent, you agree that you are an accredited investor and will not use the following content for marketing purposes.
                        



                        
                     I agree    
                     I disagree
                





















 




Arcus Japan Value Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 4:53 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Arcus Japan Value Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview



88 Wood StreetLondon,  EC2V 7RSUnited Kingdom










Key Executives for Arcus Japan Value Fund


Arcus Japan Value Fund does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @sipp plc Europe 3i plc Europe A E Taylor Financial Services Limited Europe A-List Equity Research Limited Europe A. Anthony Corporate Limited Europe




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Arcus Japan Value Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























 

    Arcus Japan Value Fund Rel 1 Rankings


















Toggle navigation





 

 
 


Toggle navigation



 
 






                    Arcus Japan Value Fund Rel 1

                    
                                            
Claim


 


Quick Statistics:



            Current Rank:
        

 6
        



            Current Score:
        

            434
        



            Current Rank:
        

            6
        



            All-time Average Rank:
        

            409
        



            All-time Average Score:
        

            267
        



            Max Drawdown:
        

            -19.45
        



            Annualized Standard Deviation:
        

            19.72
        



            Year to Date Return:
        

            -8.45
        



           5-Star Rating:
        


            19.72
        

 

Recent Performance:



Month
HedgeRank™
Rank
Change
HedgeScore™
Score
Change
One Month Return
Return Amount
12 Month Return
5 Year Return
Total Assets




May / 2016

 6
            
 4
434
 39
3.60%
Unknown
-11.00
153.05

                    $5,800,000,000
                


April / 2016

 10
            
 422
395
 190
-2.10%
Unknown
-9.35
145.23

                    $5,800,000,000
                


August / 2015

                432
            
 -192
205
 -67
-6.23%
Unknown
18.19
223.72



May / 2015

                240
            
 67
272
 19
5.52%
Unknown
35.46
213.09



April / 2015

                307
            
 97
253
 10
4.05%
Unknown
30.22
169.28



December / 2014

                404
            
 26
243
 -3
3.17%
Unknown
11.06
204.06



November / 2014

                430
            
 153
246
 4
3.95%
Unknown
11.39
211.39



September / 2014

                583
            
 200
242
 35
3.12%
Unknown
14.96
179.82



May / 2014

                783
            
 1
207
 10
-0.19%
Unknown
6.34
201.88



April / 2014

                784
            
 -215
197
 -40
-2.30%
Unknown
3.77
246.32



March / 2014

                569
            
 -207
237
 -40
0.40%
Unknown
20.64
274.69



November / 2013

                362
            
 0
277
New
2.53%
Unknown
75.00
274.52






Awards

This hedge fund has no awards.
 

Trophies


2016
 Top 10 Hedge Fund
                April 2016
 Top 10 Hedge Fund
                May 2016

 

Superlatives

 Arcus Japan Value Fund Rel 1's best month
        was May 2015,
        ranked #240 with a HedgeScore of 272
                earning a 5.52% positive return.
 Arcus Japan Value Fund Rel 1's worst month
            was August 2015
            , ranked #432 with a HedgeScore of 205
                    taking a -6.23% loss.
 

Graphs
Assets Under Management

Monthly Return Percentage

Return on Investment




Embed Options


Options:
            Quick Stats
            
            Recent Performance
            
            Trophies
            
            Superlatives
            
            Graphs
            




 
 
 


                Obligatory disclaimer: All of our data is crawled from the web and our understanding is that all hedge fund data is self-reported, meaning the data is only as good as the discloser is honest, and we obviously can't vouch for that.
                HedgeFundRanks.com is not an investment advisor. Use our rankings at your own risk!
            
 
 


















 









Arcus Japan Long/Short Fund | The Hedge Fund Journal












































Skip to main content






This website uses cookies to help us give you the best experience when you visit our website. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our use of these cookies.



 

























 
 






 







You must have a subscription in order to see the rest of this article. For a free 30-day trial click here.
Login *



Password *


Create new accountRequest new password

 



Search



Search 





 




 

 
 







About
Current Issue
Daily News
Reports
Video
Rankings
Events
Subscriptions
Advertise
Indices







 

 












ProfileArcus Japan Long/Short FundBest Performing Long/Short Equity Asia Fund UCITS HEDGE AWARDS 2013 - WINNERFirst published 14 Mar 2013 







 






  
  
 Event 
 50 Leading Women In Hedge Funds 2017 

  
 Commentary 
 Shareholder Activism In Asia 
 
 

 



Arcus Japan Long/Short Fund






The past few years have been a fairly hostile period for value investing among Japanese large-caps,” reflects Robert Macrae of Arcus. Value investing rules, like buying lower price to earnings stocks, have performed best among smaller stocks, where the Arcus fund generated significant alpha. Last year it outpaced the market return of 18%, despite running beta exposure of only 50%. The fund was also relatively resilient in 2011 when the Nikkei dropped nearly 20%.
Arcus, of course, do not select their long picks solely on value criteria. Quality also counts, and Japan is so under-analysed that cheapness need not indicate low quality or slow growth. A nose for takeover targets has helped the Arcus fund, which has received bids for 11 holdings over the last two years. Japan’s fourth mobile operator, E-Access, was one; Softbank also started running the slide rule over the firm’s neglected 3G license and mounted a takeover at a 250% premium. Another case of corporate activity involved a group of low-cost housing companies. The six so-called Power Builders are joining forces in a new holding company that will soon be one of Japan’s biggest builders. The fund owned three of the six.
Purchases of subsidiaries can swiftly produce accounting profits, since many stocks trade below book value, but cheap valuations are not the only spur for mergers. Corporate culture is also changing and the old Japanese stereotype of profit margins being slaughtered on the altar of sales growth no longer applies. Cash flows that were once workhorses for debt service are now being returned to shareholders through buy-backs, dividends, takeovers and management buy-outs.
This virtuous cycle could soon be accelerated by a better macroeconomic outlook, thanks to Abenomics. New prime minister Abe is unique in recent history in seeing his popularity go up after his election increasing his chances of longevity in Japan’s fickle politics and improving his leverage in the policy battles ahead. If the drop of the yen is maintained this could do a lot to reflate the economy and help to reverse deflation, taking real interest rates negative for the first time since the bubble. Over a few years that in turn should transform investor psychology as cash stashed in government bonds would no longer protect purchasing power.
Arcus’ strategist, Peter Tasker, thinks Abenomics represents the first really constructive economic policy in years. Stimulating economic activity will be good for a very wide range of Japanese companies. Exporters such as Sony or Panasonic are the most obvious winners from a lower yen expanding their profit margins but all kinds of economic sensitives and operationally geared companies could be great investments whether their focus is domestic or export-driven. Arcus are much more cautious on sectors with defensive, bond-like characteristics. For example, firms in food, pharmaceuticals and consumer non-discretionary sectors command premium valuations due to their predictable earnings. Amongst these “expensive defensive” stocks, private railways are perhaps the most over-priced and are a rich source of shorts.
Despite all of the encouraging domestic news, Japan has not yet started to outperform world markets in dollar terms. Headline Nikkei performance is of course quoted in local currency terms. Macrae contends that “either the FX market or the equity market is wrong”, as the FX move has been far too large to have such limited impact on relative earnings prospects. He also notes that value has historically done best at critical turning points when old beliefs are challenged and market leadership passes to previously disliked companies.
The Arcus Long/Short fund has advanced by 240% in 14 years, over a period when the local market lost 30% of its value. This monster bear market leaves few hedge funds in Japan and a dearth of sell-side coverage. Because investor attention remains so low Arcus continue to expect to find overlooked value.
Fund manager: Arcus Investment LimitedPortfolio manager: Robert Macrae
 
 
Profile 



 

 
 

 








Arcus Investment | The Hedge Fund Journal












































Skip to main content






This website uses cookies to help us give you the best experience when you visit our website. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our use of these cookies.



 

























 
 






 







You must have a subscription in order to see the rest of this article. For a free 30-day trial click here.
Login *



Password *


Create new accountRequest new password

 



Search



Search 





 




 

 
 







About
Current Issue
Daily News
Reports
Video
Rankings
Events
Subscriptions
Advertise
Indices







 

 












ProfileArcus Investment14 years of ferreting out neglected value in Japanese equities HAMLIN LOVELLFirst published 30 Jul 2013 







 






  
  
 Event 
 50 Leading Women In Hedge Funds 2017 

  
 Commentary 
 Canada 
 
 




If you are not afraid of holding Japanese Government Bonds and cash, then Abenomics isn’t working.PETER TASKER


 



Arcus Investment






Having a market surge 60% within a few months is bound to attract attention, and Arcus has been enjoying Japan’s sudden return to the limelight after so many years of obscurity. “You cannot underestimate just how anomalous Japan’s two-decade bear market is,” says CEO Robert Macrae.
AbenomicsThe catalyst for all the excitement is Abenomics, the new policy environment initiated by prime minister Abe. “I’ve been waiting for this for 15 years,” says Japan veteran and strategist Peter Tasker. Perhaps the only manga (Japanese comic magazine) discussion of Japan’s policy options, his “I am a digital cat”, anticipated several ingredients of Abenomics, notably that Japan’s hard money policy had to come to an end. Arcus is not forecasting specific levels for the yen exchange rate, or even calling it down, but at 90 yen per dollar, the impact on the real economy is enough to end the vicious feedback loop whereby a strong currency reinforces deflationary pressures, exacerbates economic weakness and encourages ever more excessive saving. At current currency levels Tasker is “confident Abenomics will support the corporate profit cycle for at least two years and that profits will rise to new highs.” He adds, “If you are not afraid of holding Japanese Government Bonds (JGBs) and cash then Abenomics isn’t working”, hinting that a “Great Rotation” from bonds to equities could be on the cards.

One reason that Abenomics marks such a sea change for Japanese equities, according to Arcus, is that companies had been making much more progress over the last decade than was generally recognised by investors. “In contrast to the 1990s, corporate fundamentals have been improving for the last decade,” says Tokyo representative Mark Pearson. Japanese companies have generated strong earnings growth between 2000 and 2012: 5% annualised for Topix while TSE second section has done twice as well, he says.
"Many people focus on the negative aspects of Japan: high debt, demographics and deflation. But we invest in companies, which have been growing profits in the past decade, even as GDP contracted and the population aged,” notes Pearson. Tasker adds: “The surprise is not so much that the market reached 15,000 but that this took so long after the recovery in corporate profits. Twenty-two years after the Topix peak the index was flirting with new lows and indeed trading below its 50-year moving average.” No other market in the world has offered such dismal returns for such an extended period, and as investors have lost interest the level of investor attention has become apathetically low, so that real improvements were overlooked for a long time. With expectations so subdued and Abenomics as a trigger – the consequent bounce was naturally sharp.

Inefficiency"Japan is one of the most neglected and inefficient markets in the world, with a fraction of the analyst coverage of even that of emerging markets. That’s fine by us as we go directly to the companies to learn about their businesses," says Pearson. Market inefficiency creates opportunities for stock-pickers like Arcus, particularly when their market experience dates back to the 1980s. “Mark has visited more than half the 4000 companies in Japan. There may be no-one else in the world who has done that.” says Macrae.
Arcus just do Japan. All funds are managed from London but the research team of Pearson and analysts Nick Brooks and Takaaki Haruki are based in Tokyo where they typically make two company visits a day, conducted in Japanese. Arcus initiates almost one new position after every two meetings, getting this high hit rate by concentrating the visits on companies where – so long as numbers stand up and there are no surprises – the value decision is very clear.
“We are a value manager, focusing mainly on the earnings stream that companies can generate. Probably what distinguishes us most is the extent to which we focus solely on value and the aggression with which we implement,” says Macrae. Ranking on simple value ratios is a first step to identify potentially cheaper companies, but ex-auditor Brooks cautions that a proper valuation requires substantial adjustments as Japanese accounting certainly has its peculiarities. After years of deflation, book values may need adjusting, and off-balance-sheet pension liabilities can be another quirk of Japanese accounting. However, compared with US accounting in particular, earnings tend to be a much more realistic measure of the increase in shareholder value.

The longevity and cohesion of the Arcus team is clear: “with the honourable addition of Nick we are the same team that set up in 1998,” says Macrae. Arcus’s investment principles have also remained remarkably consistent over time, with a strong value emphasis ensuring that the team are always searching in areas that most investors ignore or actively dislike, and usually taking a two to three-year perspective. “What is cheap changes over time,” notes Brooks. For most of the post-crisis period the value number-crunching increasingly indicated that shorting expensive defensives and owning cheap cyclicals was the best trade, probably due to the fashion for “low volatility” stocks. Now, following the rally, more of the higher-quality companies are offering better value and the market appears more balanced.
However, as value is a much over-used (and abused) term, the team see their track record, warts and all, as giving investors a more practical idea what they can expect. With a performance history this long you can see the conditions in which they do well and badly, notes Macrae. No-one enjoys losing money, and it is always tempting to hope that lessons have been learned and that it isn’t going to happen again – but this seems unwise. “Our trade is always sensibly contrarian”, says Pearson, and betting against the market always carries the risk that you are wrong.
HistoryArcus was born in 1998. Its three founders were Robert Macrae, a quant value specialist; Mark Pearson, a stock picker; and Peter Tasker, an award-winning sell-side strategist at Kleinwort Benson. From their differing perspectives all agreed that Japan offered fertile ground for value investing.
They raised domestic assets via local broker, Universal Securities, who gathered the best part of a billion dollars of assets in the early years. Unfortunately the bear-market mentality, already deeply ingrained in the local investor psyche, made the Japanese rigorous sellers of winners and so turnover was high as investors took profits. Day-one investors in the Arcus Japan Long Short Fund (AJLSF), a UCITS, have now almost quadrupled their money since April 1999.

From 2001 Arcus sought out stickier investors overseas, making the strategy available as Cayman fund Zensen. Both funds are serial winners of The Hedge Fund Journal’s Europe 50 and UCITS Hedge performance awards. Arcus also run long-only funds that have generated substantial absolute returns as well as beating benchmarks by an impressive margin. The mid and large cap-focused Arcus Japan Fund, a Luxembourg UCITS, has made 40% since 2005, in contrast to the horizontal journey made by the Topix index.
“We have been able to pick undervalued, successful companies that have allowed our funds to perform even if the market did not,” is Pearson’s explanation. Overall Arcus’s mid/large-cap long-only strategy, stitching this together with the earlier Leaders fund, has delivered annual outperformance of 8.7% since September 2000.
The highly specialist small and micro-cap vehicle, Arcus Japan Value Fund (AJVF), has outpaced the Topix by almost 10% a year since December 2003. Half the positions in this fund are below $100 million market cap, demanding a mandatory 5% monthly gate and restricting its appeal mostly to families and high-net-worths. The new Genseki fund is a more conventional small-cap fund aiming at a wider audience by offering 90-day liquidity.
While Arcus aims to outperform over periods of a few years it is perfectly frank about some spells of under-performance. The climax of the TMT bubble in 1999 was naturally tough time for any value investor, and AJLSF lost 18%. This was recovered as the bubble burst and fundamentals re-asserted themselves, allowing for strong performance during the 2000-2002 bear market and for a great 2003. 2005 however was another weak period, at least in relative terms, when Japan experienced a small-cap bubble as many foreign funds tried to invest unmanageable amounts into smaller stocks.
2008 was also very difficult, with investor fears rising to unprecedented levels. At the time, “Prices were discounting such a severe depression that multi-year losses would destroy most of book value and a meaningful fraction of listed companies would go bankrupt,” notes Pearson, and Arcus was, as usual, too early to argue that the world was not going to end. As Arcus wrote in a 2008 investor circular two days before the Lehman insolvency, “To be quite clear on what these numbers mean to us, AJVF on P/E 3.9x, PB 0.32x and AJF on 6.0x and 0.65x are simply the cheapest and most attractive that we have ever seen.” Though it gave investors a rough ride, this aggressive approach did very well as fears started to recede over the following months.

OpportunitiesFast-forward from the crisis, through the neglected but profitable years of 2009-2012, and we come back to Abenomics. How is the new environment going to drive returns?
Earnings may be the fundamental driver for stocks, but somehow the cash generated has to be returned to shareholders. “The prevailing wisdom has long seen Japanese companies as chronically unprofitable and scandalously anti-shareholder,” notes Pearson, “but we expect continued, substantial earnings growth accompanied by increasing dividends and share buy-backs.” With so much of Arcus's long portfolio trading on single-digit P/E multiples (and also looking good on other metrics such as cash-flow yields and dividend yields) there is clearly scope for multiple expansion.
While Arcus very seldom invests in pure asset plays, preferring to see evidence that assets are being used profitably, many companies in the Arcus portfolios have net cash as opposed to net debt. This speaks to another potential booster for share prices. After years of de-leveraging, even a marginal move towards re-leveraging corporate balance sheets could translate into a transformational increase in returns on equity. And there are plenty more opportunities available: over 400 companies still trade below net cash and half of the market trades below book value, more than any other developed market.
Corporate activityCorporate activity is another way to unlock this value, and since 2009 no fewer than 28 Arcus holdings have been taken over, bought out or subject to other value-enhancing corporate activity. “We have felt for some time that Japan is a market ripe for activism again and that our value style would benefit,” opines Pearson. The first 2005 wave of activists may have beat their retreat, but their legacy is that it has become unacceptable for predators to squeeze out minorities without offering a decent price, and premia are typically substantial. Softbank’s recent takeover of eAccess stands out for the 270% premium paid, but even so is widely seen as a good buy for Softbank. The economic rationale for domestic activism is clear and the trend is clearly rising both in numbers and in the sizes of the companies involved. Many of Arcus's cheap holdings are natural targets.
Third Point’s interest in Sony suggests a second wave of foreign interest is beginning. Sony was a top-five pick for Arcus back in February, and an example of how even stocks that are reasonably well analysed can be very undervalued. By Japanese standards Sony is well researched with 20 sell-side analysts following the stock, but only one of these had a buy rating on the company when Arcus bought it at half of book value. Now that New York manager Dan Loeb has written a well publicised letter to the company its potential is becoming widely understood: the loss-making televisions division has masked the strong profitability of other units such as music, films and insurance. Loeb’s letter suggests a modest and achievable restructuring that will prove hard to ignore, and could unlock substantial value. Loeb has added to his stake after the market pullback.
ReflationIf Abenomics can re-ignite economic growth and persuade thrifty consumers to stuff less of their earnings into their vast piggy-banks, Brooks points out that this will be game-changing for many stocks. Looking at the real estate for example, renting property currently costs nearly three times as much as buying even with a fixed-rate mortgage, but people are not rushing to buy because, based on the experience of over 20 years, they expect further falls in house prices. If property prices merely stop falling for a period, then buying instead of renting becomes a rational decision. Even if property prices doubled, buying would still be cheaper than renting. Rising real estate prices should have a powerful wealth effect encouraging construction and consumption.
Arcus's preferred stock in the sector, Nisshin Fudosan, is an apartment builder that, even after shooting up 175% since Arcus bought, trades well below book value – and holds substantial net cash. This has allowed it to ride out the 20 years of deflation and benefit from being one of the few survivors, and still provides substantial security if the investment thesis – as has often been the case in Japan – takes longer than expected to play out. By contrast the consensus trade appears to be to buy the iconic real estate stocks, and Arcus are short several as the sharp rises has moved them far beyond book value, even considering any likely gains. “Is it ever smart to pay more than one dollar for real estate that is worth one dollar?” asks Macrae. Suspicion of thematic investing, shorting companies priced for perfection, and buying neglected value are all Arcus trademarks.
The same philosophy applies in the retail sector. Uniqlo (the owner Fast Retailing) doubled in a matter of months, helped by being the largest constituent of the share-price-weighted Nikkei index, and encouraging Arcus to short it. At the same time other retailers started looking like the cinderellas of the rally, languishing on fears that a weaker yen would increase the cost of their imported inputs. However there are signs of a sea change in consumer sentiment and nascent pricing power for producers. Apple has recently imposed a 20% price rise on its products and as other importers follow suit, attitudes will change. Typically, Arcus has profited from a revival in discretionary spending in less trodden areas, buying, for example, unique niche retailer Komehyo that recycles gifts given to Geisha girls and hostesses. Arcus also sees value in Japan’s answer to Ikea, Nitori. This bottom-up approach to identifying earnings power creates a highly individual portfolio.
Looking to the futureSimilar examples exist in most sectors, with stocks in great niches but totally unknown to most investors, and with so many interesting opportunities it might be natural to get carried away. With Arcus, however, this does not seem likely as they have always taken a slow and cautious approach, particularly on capacity. After the good performance of 2003, hard-closed in 2004 with $850 million, staying shut until 2007 because, Macrae argues, studies suggest fund size rather than age is the key factor degrading returns in older funds. As the Arcus team are associated with more than one-quarter of their funds – the result of reinvesting performance fees – their over-riding aim is to keep returns high and so grow their capital alongside that of external investors.
However, with assets around $500 million there is still a reasonable amount of capacity to fill before Arcus’s small-cap and hedge funds get close to their target of $1billion, and attaining that is likely to take some quarters yet. Macrae wryly notes that institutional due diligence now comes by the kilo not the page. However, there is no rush. Two decades of deflation have taught the best Japanese companies patience and made them lean and efficient; the Arcus team have learned the same lessons.
Profile 



 

 
 

 


  AJABINU Quote - Arcus Japan Fund - Absolute International - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Arcus Japan Fund - Absolute International   AJABINU:LX          128.31USD   0.13   0.10%     As of 1:59 AM EDT 7/25/2017     Fund Type   FCP    52Wk Range   96.52 - 130.13    1 Yr Return   29.78%    YTD Return   4.97%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Previous Close   128.44    52Wk Range   96.52 - 130.13    1 Yr Return   27.61%    YTD Return   4.97%    Fund Type   FCP    Objective   Japan    Asset Class Focus   Equity    Geographic Focus   Japan    NAV (on 07/25/2017)   128.31    Total Assets (b JPY) (on 07/25/2017)   98.402    Inception Date   07/09/2013    Last Dividend (on -)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -    Fund Managers   -    Front Load Fee   -    Back Load Fee   0.20%    Redemption Fee   0.20%    12b-1 Fee   -    Current Mgmt Fee   1.00%    Expense Ratio   -                     Profile   Arcus Japan Fund - Absolute International is an open-end fund incorporated in Luxembourg. The Fund's objective is to achieve long-term capital appreciation and to outperform the Tokyo Stock Exchange First Section Index. The Fund will invest in companies that have greater economic value than market value, high likelihood of sustainable profitibility and high earnings and dividend yields.    Address  Registered Office33, rue de Gasperich,L-5826 HesperangeLuxembourg   Phone  352-27-11-11   Website   www.fundrock.com              


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Japan Fund (PRJPX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Japan Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRJPX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/25/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$13.63
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.06
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/25/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								18.73%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$11.37
							
							-
							
								$13.69
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$590.72

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the Japan Fund among 
39,
39,
28
and 
12
Japan Stock
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			This fund's objective is long-term growth of capital through investment in the common stocks of companies located, or with primary operations, in Japan.
		
Average Annual Total Returns 2



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					19.83%
				
			

				
					19.83%
				
			


3 Years

				
					10.19%
				
			

				
					10.19%
				
			


5 Years

				
					13.00%
				
			

				
					13.00%
				
			


10 Years

				
					3.05%
				
			

				
					3.05%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 2.68%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							2.68%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							December 30, 1991
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						1.02%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						1.02%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   								
			


				The Japan Fund charges a 2% 
redemption fee on shares held 90 days or less. 
The performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of the redemption fee; 
if it did, the performance would be lower.
			


2
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Tue Jul 25 23:07:58 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now


































