



aristeia




































Aristeia Capital, LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 5:33 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Aristeia Capital, LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Aristeia Capital, LLC is a privately owned hedge fund sponsor. The firm primarily provides its services to pooled investment vehicles. It generally invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. The firm generally invests in a credit relative value strategy while creating its portfolios. It employs a combination of quantitative and fundamental research along with a bottom-up stock picking approach while making its investments. The firm was founded in 1997 and is based in Greenwich, Connecticut with an additional office in New York, New York. Aristeia Capital, LLC operates as a subsidiary of Aristeia Holdings, L.P.


One Greenwich PlazaFloor 3Greenwich, CT 06830United StatesFounded in 1997



Phone: 203-622-2700

Fax: 203-622-2701

www.aristeiacapital.com







Key Executives for Aristeia Capital, LLC




Mr. Kevin Christopher Toner


      	Founding Partner 
      


Age: 53
        







Mr. Robert Henry Lynch Jr.


      	 Founding Partner and Chief Risk Officer
      








Mr. Anthony Michael Frascella


      	Founding Partner and Chief Investment Officer
      








Mr. Andrew Benjamin David


      	COO, General Counsel, and Chief Compliance Officer
      








Mr. William Robert Techar


      	Partner
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Aristeia Capital, LLC, please visit www.aristeiacapital.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Aristeia Capital LLC 3 Lewis St Greenwich, CT Investment Securities - MapQuest







































































































    Aristeia Capital LLC
  

3 Lewis St

Greenwich
CT
06830




 Reviews



(203) 622-2700

        Menu & Reservations
      



            Make Reservations 




            Order Online
          

            Tickets
          




          Tickets
        


        See Availability
      





      Nearby
    


      Directions
    


    {{::location.tagLine.value.text}}
  



Sponsored Topics








































See a problem?
Let us know!






















Legal






Help





















 







Aristeia Capital LLC :: Law360
































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help













Aristeia Capital LLC


 News & Case Alert  on Aristeia Capital LLC



Financial » Asset Management » Aristeia Capital LLC






Menu options for Aristeia Capital LLC 


Everything »
News & Analysis »
New Cases »
New PTAB Cases »
New TTAB Cases »
Case Activity »
Outside Counsel »


                Data on cases, clients, outside counsel and individual attorneys collected from active federal civil cases. Reflects only recently published court data; not intended to be exhaustive. Not responsible for errors in court dockets.
            






×
Please assign a name to this alert






Save Alert
Cancel










News (3)


May 26, 2016
AEE Noteholders Fight To Keep Control Of Ch. 11 Liquidation
... recoveries.

The noteholder group, which includes Bennett Management Corp. and Aristeia Capital LLC, filed...


March 16, 2015
GTAT Bondholders Top TPG In Ch. 11 Loan Competition
... bankruptcy, whichever comes first. The lenders — Whitebox Advisors LLC, Aristeia Capital LLC, QPB...


April  1, 2010
CORRECTED: Rising Star: Gibson Dunn's Matthew Williams
... Anchorage Capital Partners, Aristeia Capital, Deutsche Bank AG, Farallon Capital Management LLC, Frontpoint...


Cases (0)

No results

PTAB Cases (0)

No results

TTAB Cases (0)

No results


To view all the results and drill down deeper, take a free trial now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login
















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In




















Aristeia Capital Llc in Greenwich, CT 06830 - ChamberofCommerce.com




   =     


        









Sign Up
Sign In
Contact Us


 














Search
 

near
 













Home
» Connecticut
» Greenwich
» Business Products & Services
» Aristeia Capital Llc













Aristeia Capital Llc


0 Reviews

0.0000 stars - based on 0 reviews
                            





39 Lewis st Fl 4 4 Fl Greenwich, Connecticut 06830


(203) 622-0390


 



 

Print |
                Save |
                Directions


About
Aristeia Capital Llc is located at the address 39 Lewis st Fl 4 in Greenwich, Connecticut 06830.  They can be contacted via phone at (203) 622-0390 for pricing, hours and directions.  Aristeia Capital Llc has an annual sales volume of 501K - 999,999.  .Aristeia Capital Llc provides ATM Services, Corporate Services, Pick Ups to it's customers.  For maps and directions to Aristeia Capital Llc view the map to the right.  For reviews of Aristeia Capital Llc see below.









Business Features

SERVICES


Pick Ups
, Storage
, Individual Services
, Assessments
, Corporate Services
, Filing & Paperwork
, ATM Services
, Residential Services



 


Information

CONTACT INFORMATION
Phone: (203) 622-0390
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
Employee Size: 50 To 99
Exact Employee Count: 57
Exact Sales Volume: 360-0000
Location Type: Single Location
Sales Volume: 501K - 999,999
CATEGORIES:


Business Products & Services
Investment Banking & Securities Dealers & Brokers
Customer Service
Business, Industry & Agriculture
Finance
Investments & Securities



People Also Viewed


Greenwich Stark Office Suites


2 Greenwich Office Park  Greenwich, Connecticut 06831




FORESTER CAPITAL LLC


2 Sound View Dr 100 Ste Greenwich, Connecticut 06830




CUTTER CAPITAL-CHRIS SINCLAIR


2 Lafayette Ct 2 Ste Greenwich, Connecticut 06830




Weeden & Co


145 Mason St  Greenwich, Connecticut 06830




Lan & PC


100 Melrose Ave Ste 206 206 Ste Greenwich, Connecticut 06830





Reviews

Add


You must Sign in to post reviews.





by  on 






Click here to be the first to review this business...



0 Reviews
 























 






Site Map
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
About
Partners
Chamber Partner Program
Chamber Member Benefits




Top Cities:
Atlanta
Bronx
Brooklyn
Chicago
Cleveland
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Miami
Minneapolis
New York
Philadelphia
Phoenix
Saint Louis
San Antonio
San Diego
San Jose


© 2017 CHAMBEROFCOMMERCE.COM





















 






Aristeia Capital, L.L.C. | Company Profile from Hoover’s - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Profile


















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Asset Management Industry Report

















Aristeia Capital, L.L.C.Company Information

1140 6th Ave Fl 11New York, NY, 10036 United States(212) 842-8900 †
http://www.aristeiacapital.com


Unlock more access to Hoover’s!

Build customized email lists 24/7, based on your best customer profile.
Learn more about the companies you want to sell to. Hoover’s has reports on 85+ million companies and 900 industries. 65,000 data points are updated each day. 
Get real insight written by real people – exclusive research and reviews by our in-house Editorial staff.
We can deliver our data to your desktop, to Excel, direct to your CRM, into your custom app, or via mobile. 


Request Your Free Trial

Call (866) 473-3932 today to get started with a FREE TRIAL!
 



 

Aristeia Capital, L.L.C. Company Profile
Investment offices, nec
† Some telephone numbers on the Hoover’s site may be on a country’s do not call or do not contact list including, but not limited to, the United Kingdom’s CTPS or TPS registers. It is a legal requirement that companies do not make sales or marketing calls to registered numbers. These are central opt out registers whereby corporate subscribers and individuals can register their preference not to receive unsolicited sales and marketing telephone calls. By using the information provided on the Hoover’s sites, as the direct marketer you represent and warrant that you will use such information in compliance with all applicable local, state, national or international laws and regulations, including any local do not call registers or marketing regulations, and agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Dun & Bradstreet and each of its affiliates in the event your use violates such laws and regulations.

Additional Aristeia Capital, L.L.C. Information

Sales Preparation

Get relevant industry context to prepare for your next sales call – trends, competitors, news, call prep questions, and more.



Marketing Campaigns

Find prospect companies that meet the profile of your best customers to maximize campaign ROI.




Credit Management & Finance

Determine and track a company’s financial condition.




Related Tags

New York, NY, United States
Asset Management







































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days

























Aristeia Capital, L.L.C. | Revenue and Financial Reports - D&B Hoovers








































































Menu









Buy Reports & Lists
How It Works




United States
United Kingdom



(855) 891-0791


Login
















Company
People
Industry





Search D&B Hoovers: Company | People | Industry








Login





Avention OneSource is now D&B Hoovers. Login here for access to D&B Hoovers, D&B DataVision, D&B Business Browser and iSell
Login







For customers of Hoovers prior to March 1, 2017.
Login




















Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial








Call (866) 473-3932





Chat software by BoldChat



Start Free Trial




















Search the D&B Hoovers Database

Company

Company
People
Industry

















Home
                >Company Information
                >Company Search
                >Company Overview - Revenue & Financial Data

















Company Profile


Information For


Sales Preparation


Marketing Contacts


Revenue & Financial


Available Products


Company Report


Asset Management Industry Report















Aristeia Capital, L.L.C. Revenue and Financial Data
Investment offices, nec







Financials Information for Aristeia Capital, L.L.C.

        Track this company’s financial condition.
View Company Report
Request Your Free Trial




Income Statement
Cash FlowBalance SheetCredit Rating







Income Statement (mil)





Revenue
$23.202595 (Estimated)


Gross Profit
$0.0 (Estimated)


Operating Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Net Income
$0.0 (Estimated)


Diluted EPS
$0.0 (Estimated)










Cash Flow (mil)





Cash at the beginning of the year
$


Net Operating Cash
$


Net Investing Cash
$


Net Financing Cash
$


Net Change in Cash
$


Cash at end of the year
$


Capital Expenditure
$










Assets (mil)





Current Assets


Cash
$


Net Receivables
$


Inventories
$


Other Income Assets
$


Asset Summary


Total Current Assets
$


Net Fixed Assets
$


Other Noncurrent Assets
$


Total Assets
$






Liabilities (mil)





Current Liabilities


Accounts Payable
$


Short Term Debt
$


Other Current Liabilities
$


Liability Summary


Total Current Liabilities
$


Long Term Debt
$


Other Noncurrent Liabilities
$


Total Liabilities
$






Stakeholder's Equity (mil)





Equity


Preferred Stock Equity
$


Common Stock Equity
$


Equity Summary


Total Equity
$


Shares Outstanding








Credit Rating
              
                
                        Low
                        These businesses have a low projected risk of delinquency and a moderate to low risk of failure. 






 Need to go deeper? No problem.  Save time with complex financial data at your fingertips Access financial statements, SEC filings, earnings estimates, and more Call (866) 473-3932 to talk to a Business Information Consultant    Request Your Free Trial    


































FREE Alerts to Changes in Your D&B® Credit Scores!* Sign Up.
Get CreditSignal® for FREE!*












Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days! Get Started.
Try D&B Credit FREE for 30 Days





















        Robert Lynch and Aristeia Capital’s Oil & Gas and Financial Picks - Insider Monkey                                    
        Companies 0 See All     Hedge Funds 0 See All    Insiders 0 See All    Institutional Investors 0 See All   Click here to see all  results for  Sorry, no results has been found matching your query.                   Adblocker Detected    Dear Valued Visitor, We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker software.
    Although advertisements on the web pages may degrade your experience, our business certainly depends on them and we can only keep providing you high-quality research based articles as long as we can display ads on our pages. To view this article, you can disable your ad blocker and refresh this page or simply login. We only allow registered users to use ad blockers. You can sign up for free by clicking here or you can login if you are already a member.    
   Hedge Funds-News  Robert Lynch and Aristeia Capital’s Oil & Gas and Financial Picks    Published on March 3, 2014 at 12:54 pm by  
                                Andrei Braghis
                                  in Hedge Funds,News                 Aristeia Capital LLC is a New York based fund run by Robert Henry Lynch. Having previously worked as an analyst for Delaware Bay, Lynch decided to start his own fund in 1997. He graduated magna cum laude from Cornell University, where he also completed an M.B.A. Aristeia Capital a privately owned hedge fund that invests in publicly traded stocks. Lynch employs a combination of quantitative and fundamental analysis to find investment opportunities while focusing on a bottom-up investment strategy, meaning that he focuses more on the company itself, its products and financial stability, rather than on the industry the company operates in. Aristeia Capital also sponsors a credit fund, Aristeia Partners, managed by Anthony Frascella and William Techar, that has approximately $1.5 billion in assets under management. The recent 13F report submitted by Aristeia Capital signals that Lynch is betting big on oil and gas companies but is also bullish on financial stocks. Let us take a look at some of the most prominent changes in the portfolio of Aristeia. Oil & Gas Stocks During the fourth quarter of 2013, one of the biggest changes in the portfolio of Aristeia Capital was the addition of 2.7 million shares of Magnum Hunter Resources Corp (NYSE:MHR), a company that explores and produces oil and natural gas operating in the United States. The fund currently holds a little over 12 million shares reportedly worth $ 87.8 million. The company has a market cap of $1.43 billion and does not pay a dividend. The stock’s current price of $8.39 per share is near its all-time high of $9.27 reached on February 24, 2014. For the third quarter of 2013, Magnum Hunter Resources Corp (NYSE:MHR) posted a 64% increase in revenues to $59.4 million and a loss of $0.36 per diluted share, up from the loss of $0.52 per share reported for the same period in 2012.  Lynch has also increased by 50% his fund’s stake in Midstates Petroleum Company Inc (NYSE:MPO), a Texas-based oil and gas explorer. Aristeia now holds 4.0 million shares valued at $26.4 million. The stock has been trending sideways for a long time now and is trading at $4.43, close to its all-time low of $4.16. The company has a market cap of $1.87 billion and does not pay a dividend.  Midstates Petroleum is set to announce 2013 fourth quarter financial results on March 5, 2014. For the third quarter, the company posted revenues of $111 million and a loss per share of $0.32. Another energy stock in the portfolio of Aristeia is Endeavour International Corporation(NYSE:END). During the fourth quarter of 2013, Lynch added 332,667 shares, taking his fund’s stake to 3.7 million shares worth approximately $19.3 million. The company has a market cap of $1.0 billion and does not pay a dividend. The beta of 1.52 makes it a rather volatile stock. The price of $4.98 is close to its all-time low of $2.36. Endeavour International is also set to announce financial results for Q4 of 2013 on March 5, 2014. Analysts estimate revenues of $89.3 million and a loss of $0.33 per share. Financials A new presence in the portfolio of Aristeia is Cardtronics, Inc. (NASDAQ:CATM), a company that provides automated financial services to consumers globally. Robert Lynch bought 87,510 shares worth approximately $3.8 million, according to the fund’s 13F report. Cardtronics has a market cap of $1.8 billion and does not pay a dividend. The stock is traded at a trailing Price to Earnings (P/E) ratio of 77.5, far above the industry median of 35.6. For the three months ending December 31, 2013, the company posted revenues of $241 million and earnings per share of $0.31. The street expects revenues of $237 million and earnings per share of $0.47 during the current quarter. Northstar Realty Finance Corp.(NYSE:NRF) is another financial stock that has made its way into Aristeia’s portfolio during the last quarter of 2013. The fund currently holds 946,357 shares which are valued at $12.7 million. Northstar Realty Finance operates as a real estate investment and asset management company. It has a market cap of $4.8 billion and pays an annual dividend of $1.00, which represents a yield of 6.3%. For the fourth quarter of 2013 the company posted FFO (Funds From Operations) per share of $0.09, up from a loss $0.09 a year earlier. One surprising move was the closing of Aristeia’s position in General Motors Company (NYSE:GM), a company that has Warren Buffett‘s Berkshire Hathaway and David Einhorn‘s Greenlight Capital among its top holders. Lynch sold all the 635,779 shares previously held, but Aristeia still holds a number of GM warrants. Buffett, on the other hand, has not made any changes to the 40 million GM shares his fund holds, nor has Einhorn. Disclosure: none. Recommended reading: Paul Singer Is Betting on This Small Stock, You Should Too Kurt Billick’s Bocage Capital Is Betting On These Stocks Free Stock Research Report: Polycom Inc (PLCM)              Related Insider Monkey ArticlesBrian Sheehy and Iszo Capital’s Top Stock PicksGLG Partners Boosts Exposure to Yongye International (YONG)Free Stock Research Report: Allegion PLC (ALLE)Derek C. Schrier and Indaba Capital Management’s Top Stock PicksMichael Zimmerman’s Prentice Capital Is Betting on These StocksFree Stock Research Report: AerCap Holdings NV (AER) Aristeia Capital Berkshire Hathaway Cardtronics Inc (CATM) David Einhorn Endeavour International Corporation (END) General Motors (GM) Greenlight Capital Hedge Fund:556 Magnum Hunter Resources Corp (MHR) Midstates Petroleum Company Inc (MPO) NASDAQ:CATM Newsfeed Northstar Realty Finance Corp. (NRF) NYSE:END NYSE:GM NYSE:MHR NYSE:MPO NYSE:NRF Robert Lynch Warren Buffett                Insider Monkey Small Cap Strategy      Download a free copy of our newsletter and see the details inside!     Hedge Fund Resource Center    How to Beat the Market by 20 Percentage Points Why Track Hedge Funds? Download a Free Edition! Why You Should DUMP Your Hedge Funds 6 Things You Didn't Know About Hedge Funds      Billionaire Hedge Funds          Warren Buffett Berkshire Hathaway $147,985,198,000          David Einhorn Greenlight Capital $5,818,885,000          George Soros Soros Fund Management $4,321,285,000          T Boone Pickens BP Capital $318,631,000          Jim Simons Renaissance Technologies $63,208,016,000          Leon Cooperman Omega Advisors $2,269,539,000          Carl Icahn Icahn Capital LP $22,373,522,000          Steve Cohen Point72 Asset Management $14,303,015,000          John Paulson Paulson & Co $7,934,312,000          David Tepper Appaloosa Management LP $5,640,040,000           About Us Contact Us Terms Of Use Privacy Policy       Next Post

   Home Hedge Funds Markets Blog Authors About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map  All text and design is copyright ©2016 Koala Guide LLC. All rights reserved.            








Kevin Christopher Toner - Co-Founder at Aristeia Capital LLC



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Kevin Christopher Toner
Co-Founder at Aristeia Capital LLC



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Memberships Career History Boards & Committees Non-Profit Donations & Grants Political Donations 


Kevin Christopher Toner
Co-Founder at Aristeia Capital LLC



 Overview



Birth Location


Dublin, DU, Ireland




Age



53
                                  (Born 1964)
                                              




Notable Companies


Aristeia Capital LLC




Board Seats



3





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 359 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Samuel L. Molinaro, Jr.

President & Director at UBS Americas, Inc.




John T. Connors

Secretary & Executive Director at UBS Americas, Inc.





Michael McGovern

Chief Financial Officer & Director at UBS Americas, Inc.




William Robert Techar

Principal at Aristeia Capital LLC





Anthony Michael Frascella

Principal at Aristeia Capital LLC




Gregory Ryan Serrurier

Former Senior Vice President at Dodge & Cox, Inc.





Fred J. Meyer

Former Trustee at Earthjustice




Paul Newhagen

Fund Advisor at INC3 Ventures LLC





Steve Daetz

Treasurer & Trustee at Earthjustice




George Martin

Founding Partner at Martin Law LLC







See 349 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 349 More 


 


 Paths to Kevin Christopher Toner



            Kevin Christopher Toner          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Kevin Christopher Toner






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Kevin Christopher Toner.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



B.A. in Economics, Phi Beta Kappa, summa cum laude 
Class of 1986 


Columbia University

                  Columbia University is one of the world's most important centers of research and at the same time a distinctive and distinguished learning environment for undergraduates and graduate students in many scholarly and professional fields. The University recognizes the importance of its location in New York City and seeks to link its research and teaching to the vast resources of a great metropolis. It seeks to attract a diverse and international faculty and student body, to support research and teaching on global issues, and to create academic relationships with many countries and regions. It expects all areas of the university to advance knowledge and learning at the highest level and to convey the products of its efforts to the world.                





 Memberships



Member

                  Prior                


New York Stock Exchange LLC

                  A leading global operator of financial markets and provider of innovative trading technologies, NYSE Euronext (NYX) is the holding company and the first cross-border exchange group created by the combination of NYSE Group, Inc. and Euronext N.V., on April 4, 2007.  

The Company’s exchanges located in Europe and the United States trade equities, futures, options, fixed-income, and exchange-traded products. With approximately 8,000 listed issues (excluding European Structured Products) from more than 55 countries, NYSE Euronext's equities markets—the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE Euronext, NYSE MKT, NYSE Alternext and NYSE Arca—represent one-third of the world's equities trading and the most liquidity of any global exchange group. 
NYSE Euronext also operates NYSE Liffe, a leading European derivatives business and the world's second-largest derivatives business by value of trading, and NYSE Liffe U.S., which is a global, multi-asset class futures exchange.  The U.S. Derivatives Clearing Organization, The New York Portfolio Clearing, LLC ( a joint venture of DTCC and NYSE Euronext)  delivers unique capital efficiencies to the market.
 
The company offers comprehensive commercial technology, connectivity and market data products and services through NYSE Technologies, the world's leading provider of end-to-end electronic trading solutions.  NYSE Technologies’ flexible and scalable products deliver robust and integrated solutions, from single trading positions to complete exchange platforms. Its leading edge software, combined with high performance connectivity, provides the global trading community with innovative tools, access to liquidity and worldwide markets and third-party, value-added applications.                





 Career History



Co-Founder

                                    1997 - Current                


Aristeia Capital LLC


                  Aristeia Capital specializes in offering investment advisory services to private investment funds. In providing these services, the firm focuses on convertible arbitrage opportunities and distressed debt investments. They invest on a bottom up, value oriented basis and seek to reduce the correlation of their investment returns to those of the overall equity and fixed income markets through investment selection and hedging techniques. Aristeia Capital uses a combination of mathematical and statistical modeling and fundamental research to determine their target investments. In selecting investments, they also target undervalued securities and generally focus on specific securities or companies rather than industries or the economy as a whole.                




Principal

                                    Current                


Aristeia Advisors LLC






Managing Director

                                    1991 - 1995                


UBS Securities, Inc.






Broker & Dealer

                                    Prior                


New York Stock Exchange LLC


                  A leading global operator of financial markets and provider of innovative trading technologies, NYSE Euronext (NYX) is the holding company and the first cross-border exchange group created by the combination of NYSE Group, Inc. and Euronext N.V., on April 4, 2007.  

The Company’s exchanges located in Europe and the United States trade equities, futures, options, fixed-income, and exchange-traded products. With approximately 8,000 listed issues (excluding European Structured Products) from more than 55 countries, NYSE Euronext's equities markets—the New York Stock Exchange, NYSE Euronext, NYSE MKT, NYSE Alternext and NYSE Arca—represent one-third of the world's equities trading and the most liquidity of any global exchange group. 
NYSE Euronext also operates NYSE Liffe, a leading European derivatives business and the world's second-largest derivatives business by value of trading, and NYSE Liffe U.S., which is a global, multi-asset class futures exchange.  The U.S. Derivatives Clearing Organization, The New York Portfolio Clearing, LLC ( a joint venture of DTCC and NYSE Euronext)  delivers unique capital efficiencies to the market.
 
The company offers comprehensive commercial technology, connectivity and market data products and services through NYSE Technologies, the world's leading provider of end-to-end electronic trading solutions.  NYSE Technologies’ flexible and scalable products deliver robust and integrated solutions, from single trading positions to complete exchange platforms. Its leading edge software, combined with high performance connectivity, provides the global trading community with innovative tools, access to liquidity and worldwide markets and third-party, value-added applications.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Director

                    1994 - Prior                  


EMCOR Group, Inc.

                    R Group, Inc. (NYSE: EME) is a Fortune 500 company and global leader in mechanical and electrical construction, energy infrastructure, LEED construction, design/build, life safety, and facilities services.

As a leading provider of critical infrastructure systems, EMCOR gives life to new structures and sustains life in existing ones via high-quality commercial construction services and facilities services which include planning, installing, operating, maintaining and protecting the sophisticated systems that create facility environments. This includes electrical, mechanical, lighting, HVAC systems, heating and air conditioning, facilities security, fire protection, and energy power generation systems — in virtually every sector of the economy, and for a diverse range of businesses, organizations and government, EMCOR is there.

EMCOR represents a rare combination of broad reach with local execution, combining the strength of an industry leader with the knowledge and care of 170+ locations. The 26,000+ skilled employees of EMCOR have ranked the company, in the eyes of leading business publications, among the "World's Most Admired" and "Best Managed."
		

EMCOR's diversity – our energy, construction, building, and facilities management services, as well as the industries we serve and the geography we span – has enabled us to create a stable platform for sustained results. Our strong financial position allows us to attract and retain the best local and regional talent, to undertake and complete the most ambitious facilities projects, and to redefine the future of the commercial construction and facilities services industry                  




Director

                    1994 - ?                  


UBS Americas, Inc.

                    UBS Americas, Inc. provides investment advice services. It offers wealth, asset management and investment banking services. The company was founded in 2000 and is headquartered in Stamford, CT.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Member, Board of Trustees

                    Current                  


Earthjustice

                    Earthjustice Legal Defense Fund provides environmental legal services. Its services help to preserve magnificent places and wildlife, to advance clean energy, and to combat climate change. The company was founded in 1971 and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA.                  





 Non-Profit Donations & Grants



$5.55M

                  2010
                


Isdell Foundation








 Political Donations



$2,500

                  2012                


Sherrod Campbell Brown


                  Senator from Ohio                




$10K

                  2012                


Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee


                  The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee is the only organization solely dedicated to electing a Democratic Senate. From grassroots organizing to candidate recruitment to providing campaign funds for tight races, the DSCC is working hard all year, every year to elect Democrats – and give President Obama the help he needs on Capitol Hill to move our country forward.                




$2,500

                  2011                


Al Franken


                  Senator from Minnesota                




$2,500

                  2011                


Sherrod Campbell Brown


                  Senator from Ohio                




$5,000

                  2010                


Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee


                  The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee is the only organization solely dedicated to electing a Democratic Senate. From grassroots organizing to candidate recruitment to providing campaign funds for tight races, the DSCC is working hard all year, every year to elect Democrats – and give President Obama the help he needs on Capitol Hill to move our country forward.                






See 29 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 29 More 






 Other Affiliations




              Kevin Christopher Toner is affiliated with
                            Aristeia Capital LLC, Aristeia Advisors LLC, UBS Securities, Inc., New York Stock Exchange LLC, EMCOR Group, Inc., UBS Americas, Inc., Earthjustice.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤













