








Bill G. Armstrong - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Bill G. Armstrong
Board Member at Energizer Holdings, Inc.


View Full Profile
Are you Bill G. Armstrong? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Bill G. Armstrong's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Bill G. Armstrong's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Bill G. Armstrong's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Bill G. Armstrong through your network of contacts.
												








Bill G. Armstrong's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Energizer Holdings, Inc.


Past
To view Bill G. Armstrong's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
69

 
 


Bill G. Armstrong's Biography



Mr. Armstrong is a private equity investor and a former director of Ralcorp Holdings, Inc. and Edgewell, our former parent company.

From 2001 to 2004, Mr. Armstrong served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer at Cargill Animal Nutrition. Prior to his employment with Cargill, Mr. Armstrong served as Chief Operating Officer of Agribrands International, Inc., an international agricultural products business, and as Executive Vice President of Operations of the international agricultural products business of Ralston Purina Company. He also served as managing director of Ralston's Philippine operations, and during his tenure the ...
(Read More)

			Mr. Armstrong is a private equity investor and a former director of Ralcorp Holdings, Inc. and Edgewell, our former parent company.

From 2001 to 2004, Mr. Armstrong served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer at Cargill Animal Nutrition. Prior to his employment with Cargill, Mr. Armstrong served as Chief Operating Officer of Agribrands International, Inc., an international agricultural products business, and as Executive Vice President of Operations of the international agricultural products business of Ralston Purina Company. He also served as managing director of Ralston's Philippine operations, and during his tenure there, was a director of the American Chamber of Commerce.

As a result of Mr. Armstrong's international and operational background, as well as his extensive experience with corporate transactions, he provides a global perspective to the Board, which has become increasingly important as our international operations represent a significant portion of our annual sales.
		
Source: Energizer Holdings, Inc. on 12/13/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Bill G. Armstrong's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Bill G. Armstrong. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Bill G. Armstrong's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Bill G. Armstrong's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Bill G. Armstrong through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Bill G. Armstrong


















Bill G. Armstrong's Connections (59)





Sign up now to view Bill G. Armstrong's 59 connections »









John R. Roberts
Board Member, Centene Corporation









Patrick J. Moore
Board Member, Archer Daniels Midland









Gayle G. Stratmann
Former Vice President and General Counsel, Edgewell Personal Care Company









Joseph W. McClanathan
Board Member, Leggett & Platt, Incorporated









Ward M. Klein
Board Member, Caleres, Inc.









William P. McGinnis
Board Member, Caleres, Inc.









Cynthia J. Brinkley
Executive Vice President, Global Corporate Development, Centene Corporation









Barry H. Beracha
Former Board Member, Herc Holdings Inc.









Robert V. Vitale
Dir., President and Chief Executive Officer, Post Holdings, Inc.









Sandra J. Sheldon
Chief Financial Officer, Edgewell Personal Care Company








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company









Claiborne P. Deming
Chairman of the Board, Murphy Oil Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993













   Bill Armstrong | Energizer Holdings Inc | ZoomInfo.com




Bill G. Armstrong - Former President at American Chamber of Commerce in Georgia



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Bill G. Armstrong
Former President at American Chamber of Commerce in Georgia



Overview
In The News Relationships Paths
Career History Boards & Committees Public Holdings 


Bill G. Armstrong
Former President at American Chamber of Commerce in Georgia



 Overview



Age



69
                                  (Born 1948)
                                              




Notable Companies


Cargill Animal Nutrition

Agribrands International, Inc.

American Chamber of Commerce in Georgia




Board Seats



5





Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 168 people.
              






 In The News
          See more




St. Louis Business Journal
June 26, 2015





                        Recharging Energizer                    





St. Louis Business Journal
April 27, 2015





                        Energizer announces new board members for upcoming split                    





PR Newswire
April 27, 2015





                        Energizer Holdings And Edgewell Personal Care Announce Composition Of New Boards Of Directors: Industry Veterans to Provide Oversight and Leadership, Positioning both Companies to Deliver Value for Shareholders, Customers and Consumers                    







 Relationships
              See Details




W Patrick Mcginnis

Former President & Chief Executive Officer at Nestlé Purina PetCare Co.




J Patrick Mulcahy

Former Chief Executive Officer at Edgewell Personal Care Company





Kevin J. Hunt

Senior Adviser at Treehouse Foods, Inc.




Anand S. Dayal

Former Vice President-Global Service Delivery Operations at Novus Law LLC





Alan R. Hoskins

Chief Executive Officer at Energizer Holdings, Inc.




John R. Roberts

Former Independent Consultant & Executive Director at Progress Energy, Inc.





James C. Johnson

Former Vice President, Assistant General Counsel & Corporate Secretary at The Boeing Company




John C. Hunter

Former Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer at Solutia, Inc.





Patrick J. Moore

President & Chief Executive Officer at PJM Advisors LLC




Pamela M. Nicholson

Chief Executive Officer & Director at ERAC USA Finance LLC







See 158 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 158 More 


 


 Paths to Bill G. Armstrong



            Bill G. Armstrong          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Bill G. Armstrong






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Bill G. Armstrong.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Career History



President

                                    Tenure Unconfirmed                


American Chamber of Commerce in Georgia






Chief Operating Officer & Executive Vice President

                                    2001 - 2004                


Cargill Animal Nutrition


                  Cargill Animal Nutrition provides customized animal productivity solutions to commercial producers in the US, Europe, and Asia. It offers aquaculture, beef, dairy, pork, and poultry. The company is headquartered in Minneapolis, MN.                




Chief Operating Officer

                                    1998 - 2001                


Agribrands International, Inc.






Managing Director, Philippine Operations

                                    Prior                


Nestlé Purina PetCare Co.


                  Nestle Purina PetCare Co. manufactures pet food products. Its brands are Alpo, Beneful, Cat Chow, Dog Chow, Mighty Dog, Purina ONE, Purina Veterinary Diets, Beggin' Strips Fancy Feast, Friskies, Deli and T Bonz. The company was founded by William H. Danforth on January 8, 1894 and is headquartered in Wilkes-Barre, PA.                





 Boards & Committees



Corporate Boards ▾




Independent Director

                    2015 - Current                  


Energizer Holdings, Inc.

                    Energizer Holdings, Inc. manufacturers and markets batteries and lighting products. The company's products include household batteries, specialty batteries, and portable lighting. Energizer Holdings is headquartered in St. Louis, MO.                  




Independent Director

                    2005 - 2015                  


Edgewell Personal Care Company

                    Edgewell Personal Care Co. engages in the manufacture and marketing of skin care and other personal care products. It operates through the following segments: Personal Care and Household Products . The Personal Care segment offers wet shave, skin, feminine, and infant care products under the Schick, Wilkinson Sword, Edge, Skintimate, Personna, Banana Boat, Hawaiian Tropic, Wet Ones, Playtex, Stayfree, Carefree, o.b., Playtex, and Diaper Genie brands. The Household Products segment includes batteries and portable lighting products under the Energizer and Eveready brands. The company was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in St. Louis, MO.                  




Independent Director

                    2004 - Prior                  


TreeHouse Private Brands, Inc.

                    TreeHouse Private Brands, Inc. manufactures, distributes and markets cereal products and snacks. It offers private-brand food products, post brand ready-to-eat cereal products and other regional and value-brand food products in the grocery, mass merchandise, drugstore, and foodservice channels. The company was founded on October 23, 1996 and is headquartered in St. Louis, MO.                  




Non-Profit Boards ▾




Director

                    Prior                  


American Chamber of Commerce






Director

                    Prior                  


American Chamber of Commerce in Georgia







 Public Holdings






Restricted data only for RelSci Professional users.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Other Affiliations




              Bill G. Armstrong is affiliated with
                            American Chamber of Commerce in Georgia, Cargill Animal Nutrition, Agribrands International, Inc., Nestlé Purina PetCare Co., Energizer Holdings, Inc., Edgewell Personal Care Company, TreeHouse Private Brands, Inc., American Chamber of Commerce, American Chamber of Commerce in Georgia.
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤















	UNF - Coggin College of Business - Bill G.  Armstrong











Skip to Main Content














Search
Select a search scope UNF  Coggin

A-Z Index



















































About the College




Dean's Corner


Letter from the Dean 




Dean's Profile 




Dean's Video Message 




Business Advisory Council 




Invite Dr. Dawkins to an Event 








            Coggin Advisory Councils 
              
        


Get to Know Us


Mission, Vision, Values 




Student Organizations 




Maps/Directions 




Contact Us 






Business Centers


Home 




CEGR 




Center for International Business Studies 




Center for Sustainable Business Practices 




Local Economic Indicator Project 




Small Business Development Center 




The Paper Institute 






Speakers Bureau


Home 




Guest Speaker Information 




Faculty and Student Organization Information 




Speaker Catalogue 




Forms 




Contact Us 








            Giving Back 
              
        




            2017 Gala 
              
        












Bill G. Armstrong
Professor of the Day – Department of Management and International Business Flagship 
  
Bill Armstrong joined Energizer Holdings, Inc. Board of Directors
in 2005 and currently serves as a member of its Audit Committee and the
Nominating and Executive Compensation Committee.    Energizer Holdings is a consumer goods
company operating globally in the broad categories of personal care and
household products and has annual revenues of $4.4 billion.  He was also a board member of Ralcorp
Holdings, Inc.
 
Until his retirement in 2004, he served as Executive Vice President
and Chief Operating Officer of Cargill Animal Nutrition, a division of Cargill,
Inc., one of the largest privately owned companies in world with over $134
billion in revenue.  While there he had
responsibility for overseeing operations in 24 countries for the production and
sale of animal nutrition products.  
 
Mr. Armstrong was also Chief Operating Officer at Agribrands
International, Inc.  He also held
executive leadership positions within Ralston Purina Company.
 
Mr. Armstrong holds a bachelor’s degree in Agricultural
Economics from Oklahoma State University. 
He continues to do consulting work on special projects and is a private
equity investor.
















Copyright © 2017 University of North Florida1 UNF Drive | Jacksonville, FL 32224 | Phone: (904) 620-1000





Contact | 
Emergency | 
Privacy | 
RegulationsConsumer Information | Disability Accommodations














Bill G Armstrong - Grain Valley, MO | Intelius



























Sign In



We found Bill G Armstrong in Grain Valley, MO


Bill G Armstrong

                                                                           Intelius found that Bill G Armstrong  is  a male between 90 and 90 years old from Grain Valley, MO.  We have connected them to
                6 addresses,
                3 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Billy G Armstrong
George G Armstrong


Get Report Now

Age

Bill G Armstrong is in his 90s

Bill Has Lived In

Grain Valley, MO
Cleveland, MO
Kansas City, MO

Bill's Relatives

Juanita Armstrong
BG Armstrong







Bill G Armstrong



Zodiac SignScorpio



GenderMale



Get Report Now










Want to know more about Bill? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about Bill, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on Bill G Armstrong
Get a Criminal Check on Bill G Armstrong
Get a Public Record Report on Bill G Armstrong
Get a People Search Report on Bill G Armstrong


Bill G Armstrong's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where Bill G Armstrong has lived as well as Bill G Armstrong's phone numbers and email addresses.




Bill G Armstrong Has Lived in 2 States
Missouri Address for Bill G Armstrong


709 S* S******** D* 

Grain Valley, MO


Has Lived In

Grain Valley, MO
Cleveland, MO


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with Bill G Armstrong

(816) ***-**** - Grain Valley, MO 
(816) ***-**** - Grain Valley, MO 
(816) ***-**** - Grain Valley, MO 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with Bill G Armstrong

b*************g@***.com


Get Email Report




Bill G Armstrong's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for Bill G Armstrong


Bill G Armstrong's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of Bill G Armstrong's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
Bill Armstrong
Username Matches

                  BillArmstrong
                  ArmstrongBill
                  Bill.Armstrong
                  Armstrong.Bill
                  Bill_Armstrong
                  Armstrong_Bill
                  Bill-Armstrong
                  Armstrong-Bill
                  BArmstrong
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
B Armstrong







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.






















 




Ceilings from Armstrong World Industries | Flooring from Armstrong Flooring












Two industry-leading companies.




Visit Ceilings





Visit Flooring







 








Bill  G.  Armstrong





















 



























                                    Obituaries
                                
                         


                                    Services We Offer
                                
                         


                                    Pre-planning
                                
                         


                                    Grief & Healing 
                                
                         


                                    Resources
                                
                         


                                    About Us
                                
                         


                                    Contact Us
                                
                

            







Order Flowers

Obituaries









Obituary Listings





















Share:

















            Send Flowers
        











                    Share a Memory
                









Login
Logout  
                    


Tribute Wall
Obituary & Events

Photos & Videos



 




















 Add Photos/Videos


Video Link
                

Light a Candle
Leave a Symbol











Daisies
3903 have been given to loved ones 








Butterfly
16333 have been given to loved ones 








White Feather
4041 have been given to loved ones 








Forget Me Nots
12856 have been given to loved ones 








Heart
38920 have been given to loved ones 








Interlocking Rings
1244 have been given to loved ones 








Roses
8048 have been given to loved ones 








Sunshine
3987 have been given to loved ones 








Teddy Bear
2623 have been given to loved ones 








Ying Yang
570 have been given to loved ones 








Angel Wings
20139 have been given to loved ones 








Bible
3817 have been given to loved ones 








Buddha
89 have been given to loved ones 








Crucifix
10576 have been given to loved ones 








Dove
11579 have been given to loved ones 








Om
164 have been given to loved ones 








Ichthys
296 have been given to loved ones 








Menorah
41 have been given to loved ones 








Hands In Prayer
6963 have been given to loved ones 








Ramadan Beads
21 have been given to loved ones 








Rosary
757 have been given to loved ones 








Star of David
333 have been given to loved ones 








Arts
306 have been given to loved ones 








Beautician
120 have been given to loved ones 








Books & Literature
463 have been given to loved ones 








Photography
131 have been given to loved ones 








Cars & Motors
1049 have been given to loved ones 








Cooking
398 have been given to loved ones 








Country Western
707 have been given to loved ones 








Fishing
1818 have been given to loved ones 








Paw Print
776 have been given to loved ones 








Cat
782 have been given to loved ones 








Dog
867 have been given to loved ones 








Board Games
40 have been given to loved ones 








Video Games
89 have been given to loved ones 








Gardening
444 have been given to loved ones 








Hunting
606 have been given to loved ones 








Motorcycle
546 have been given to loved ones 








Music Note
1422 have been given to loved ones 








Cards & Dice
314 have been given to loved ones 








Sailing
189 have been given to loved ones 








Science
52 have been given to loved ones 








Sewing
254 have been given to loved ones 








Astronomy
53 have been given to loved ones 








Theatre
82 have been given to loved ones 








Symphony
109 have been given to loved ones 








Yoga
10 have been given to loved ones 








Firefighter
342 have been given to loved ones 








Pilot
76 have been given to loved ones 








Medical Staff
239 have been given to loved ones 








Law Enforcement
377 have been given to loved ones 








Educator
450 have been given to loved ones 








Agriculture
290 have been given to loved ones 








Farmer
610 have been given to loved ones 








Craftsman
333 have been given to loved ones 








Baseball
533 have been given to loved ones 








Basketball
321 have been given to loved ones 








Bowling
186 have been given to loved ones 








Nascar
227 have been given to loved ones 








Football
547 have been given to loved ones 








Golf
550 have been given to loved ones 








Hockey
114 have been given to loved ones 








Running
66 have been given to loved ones 








Soccer
75 have been given to loved ones 








Swimming
46 have been given to loved ones 








Tennis
33 have been given to loved ones 








US Army
669 have been given to loved ones 








US Air Force
131 have been given to loved ones 








Royal Canadian Mounted Police
2 have been given to loved ones 








US Coast Guard
207 have been given to loved ones 








US Navy
436 have been given to loved ones 








US Marines
354 have been given to loved ones 








US Flag
3673 have been given to loved ones 








Mexico Flag
16 have been given to loved ones 








Canadian Flag
68 have been given to loved ones 








Puerto Rico Flag
41 have been given to loved ones 



















Candle of Peace
106709 have been given to loved ones








Candle of Love
32763 have been given to loved ones








Candle of Memories
153227 have been given to loved ones








Candle of Warmth
278598 have been given to loved ones








Celebration Candle
2408 have been given to loved ones








Blue Remembrance
4466 have been given to loved ones








Warm Glow Light
2215 have been given to loved ones








Love of Three
2708 have been given to loved ones








Pearl Light
1770 have been given to loved ones








Candle of Nature
2518 have been given to loved ones








Golden Glass Stripes
67383 have been given to loved ones








Floral Stripes
2501 have been given to loved ones








Purple Glass Glow
10236 have been given to loved ones








Candle of Thought
2489 have been given to loved ones








Wooden Stripes
207439 have been given to loved ones








Coffee and Cake
2496 have been given to loved ones








Soft Glow
6263 have been given to loved ones








Elegance
102001 have been given to loved ones








Pink Stripes
11073 have been given to loved ones








Leaves and Beauty
3946 have been given to loved ones








Heavenly Arch
5201 have been given to loved ones








Blue Collection
38509 have been given to loved ones








Steps of Light
7409 have been given to loved ones








Red Swirls
3188 have been given to loved ones















Cancel






                   
                There are condolences waiting approval on Bill 's Tribute wall
            





Celebrating the life of Bill  G.  Armstrong
                

                    Be the first to share your favorite memory, photo or story of Bill .
                    This memorial page is dedicated for family, friends and future generations to celebrate
                    the life of their loved one.
                

                    We ask on behalf of the family that you keep your comments uplifting and appropriate
                    to help all who come here to find comfort and healing.
                








                                Obituary for Bill  G.  Armstrong
                            



    On November 14, 2016 Bill G. Armstrong moved on to join the many loved ones who have passed before him into Heaven.  Services were held for Bill at the First Baptist Church in his hometown of Bryson, Texas and officiated by their pastor Reverend Billy Rhone, followed by his burial at Winn Hill Cemetery in Jack County, Texas under the direction of McMillan-Satterwhite..Bill was born in Graham, Texas on May 25, 1942 to Obie and Fannie Armstrong. He was preceded in death by his parents; brother, James Armstrong;  son, Kelvin Armstrong along with many other friends and family who had come to know and love Bill over the years.Bill grew up in Bryson, Texas where he met his wife, Nancy. They lived and worked in several places before coming back to Graham where he worked in the oil field.  He was Justice of the Peace before going to work for the Hexcel Corporation for 30 years.  After moving back to Bryson in 1983, Bill worked for GMI Corporation for 6 years.  He then pumped for DL Operating for several years before retiring in 2009.Bill was a member of The Masonic Lodge, Shriners, Scottish Rite and First Baptist Church of Bryson. In addition to this, Bill was also a very dedicated member of the Order of the Eastern Star along with his wife, Nancy for over 40 years.  Bill and Nancy were married for 54 years, had three children and became great parents, teachers, and role models to their children and to many other people who have come into their lives throughout the years as well.Bill is survived by his wife, Nancy Armstrong of Bryson; daughter, Kristie Lewis and husband Danny and their children, Shane Lewis, Nicole Nevarez, Michael Lewis, Jacie Lewis and Josh Rhone, and great grandchildren, Ryder and Ryann Lewis and Sawyer Nevarez; Son, Kacy Armstrong and wife, Mallory and their children, Corbin and Charli Armstrong; and granddaughter, Kelsey Armstrong, daughter of Kelvin Armstrong.  Bill was also survived by a sister, Bobbie Thompson and husband, Johnny of Perrin, Texas.



        To send flowers or a remembrance gift to the family of Bill  G.  Armstrong, please visit our 
        Tribute Store. 

    

Previous Events




Service


                            Thursday
                        

17
Nov





2:00 PM



First Baptist Church, Bryson

                                    100 N College Street Bryson, TX 76427
                                









Get directions:
Text Directions
Email Directions
Google Maps








Cemetery Details




Location



Winn Hill Cemetery









Get directions:
Text Directions
Email Directions
Google Maps



















                                            Done editing

                                            Cancel




 


 

Albums




Save New Album




 
 Add Photos & Videos to this album










                                             
                                        


 
Albums 

 
  Create New Album






 
 

            Create new album
        


         
    
























Welcome to Bill 's Memorial Wall
Share memories & photos, send flowers, and much more.




Choose one of the following sign in methods








Facebook

Twitter
Google+




Or sign in using your email address.

 



                        We promise not to spam or share your email
                    

Sign In


 












        Subscribe To Obituaries





        Subscribe





Share  Bill  G.  Armstrong's life celebration
To send to multiple recipients separate emails with a comma.










Type your message below

"Email Address" would like to share the life celebration of Bill  G.  Armstrong. Click on the "link" to go to share a favorite memory or leave a condolence message for the family.
Send Message
Cancel

            Emails successfully sent
        

            Emails sending error
        










Email Location
Have the event location sent direct to your email









Send Message
Cancel

            Direction successfully sent
        

            Direction sending error
        










Text Location
Have the event location sent direct to your mobile phone 








            Enter your 10 digit phone number (eg 555-555-5555)
        




Send Message
Cancel







            Your loved ones's event location successfully sent.
        
Close











Remove


























Remove



















We appreciate your support



            In accordance with the wishes of the family, this
            
            message has been declined.
        










Thank you for sharing your
            memory of Bill 
     Provide comfort by sending freshflowers from our local florist.







            Send Flowers
        



No thanks, please don't show me this again.











                365 Days of
                
                Grief & Healing
            

                Receive consistent support through our daily email to help you cope, heal, and grieve.
            



Subscribe





         
    



         
    



         
    


Home


Obituaries

Obituary Listings


Services We Offer

General Summary

Celebrating Life

Where to Start

Funeral Services

Honoring Veterans

Permanent Memorialization

A Peaceful Resting Place


Pre-planning

General Summary

Why Plan Ahead?

Pre-Planning Checklist

Online Pre-Planning Form


Grief & Healing 

General Summary

Resources

365 Days of Healing


Resources

General Summary

Local Business

When a Death Occurs

Talking to Children & Teens

Funeral Etiquette

Cemetery Etiquette

Social Security Benefits

Common Questions


About Us

General Summary

Testimonials

History


Contact Us

Contact Us

Immediate Need Form



Contact Information



            McMillan-Satterwhite Funeral Home        
1501 380 Bypass            
Graham, TX 76450 
        Phone: (940) 549-3773
Map & Driving Directions








                            McMillan-Satterwhite Funeral Home        
1501 380 Bypass            
Graham, TX 76450 
        Phone: (940) 549-3773
        Fax: 866.704.7885

Driving Directions

From:



















© McMillan-Satterwhite Funeral Home | Graham, Texas - Funeral Home Website Design By Frazer Consultants














Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














bill armstrong - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content











Bill Armstrong - Search for Bill Armstrong.



Ad
 ·
Ask.com/​Bill Armstrong



Search for Bill Armstrong. Find Results on Ask.com.





Ask a Question



Explore Q&A




Questions and Answers





Certified VA Plumbers - Ask about our $59 Service Special.



Ad
 ·
va.johncflood.com



Ask about our $59 Service Special. We Do It All, So Call Us Today!





$500 Off Water Lines



$59 New Customer Special




$1000 Off Sewer Lines



$330 Off Sewer Inspection





Bill Armstrong on eBay - Great Deals on Bill Armstrong.



Ad
 ·
www.ebay.com



Great Deals on Bill Armstrong. New eBay Buyer Protection Program.


ebay.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(1,608 reviews)





Daily Deals



Fashion Outlet



eBay Motors Blog



Exclusive deals on Fashion Vault
















Bill Armstrong (defensive back)




Bill Armstrong (born June 24, 1955) is a former American football defensive back who played two seasons with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats of the Canadian Football League (CFL). He was drafted

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

William Armstrong - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Bill_Armstrong


Politicians. William Armstrong (Virginia) (1782–1865), U.S. Representative from Virginia; William Armstrong, Baron Armstrong of Sanderstead (1915–1980), British ...


William Armstrong, 1st Baron Armstrong - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/William_Armstrong,_1st_Baron_Armstrong


William George Armstrong, 1st Baron Armstrong CB FRS (26 November 1810 – 27 December 1900) was an English industrialist who founded the Armstrong Whitworth ...


Bill Armstrong (coach) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Bill_Armstrong_(coach)


Richard "Bill" Armstrong (July 16, 1873 – August 4, 1938) was the seventh head college football coach for the United States Naval Academy Midshipmen located in ...


William Armstrong (Canadian artist) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/William_Armstrong_(Canadian_artist)


William Armstrong (1822–1914) was a Canadian artist and one of the early professional artists of Toronto.


Bill Armstrong (defensive back) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Bill_Armstrong_(defensive_back)


College career. Armstrong played for the Wake Forest Demon Deacons from 1973 to 1976. He was originally a quarterback before converting to defensive back his ...


William Armstrong (American artist) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/William_Armstrong_(American_artist)


William Armstrong started out at 14 painting signs for butcher shops, in Newark. Armstrong studied at the Newark School of Fine and Industrial Arts. He went on to ...


William L. Armstrong - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/William_L._Armstrong


Early life. Armstrong was born in Fremont, Nebraska, and graduated from Lincoln Northeast High School. After attending Tulane University and the University of ...


Bill Armstrong Stadium - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Bill_Armstrong_Stadium


Construction on the stadium finished in 1981, with the 30th Running of the Little 500 being held on April 25 and the inaugural soccer game on September 13 of the same ...


William Armstrong (Christie's Will) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/William_Armstrong_(Christie's_Will)


William Armstrong (1602?–1658?), known as Christie's Will was a Scottish Borders freebooter of the 17th century, celebrated in a ballad by Sir Walter Scott.


Bill Armstrong (ice hockey, born 1970) - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Bill_Armstrong_(ice_hockey,_born_1970)


This biographical article relating to a Canadian ice hockey defenceman born in the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.










Bill Armstrong - Search for Bill Armstrong.



Ad
 ·
Ask.com/​Bill Armstrong



Search for Bill Armstrong. Find Results on Ask.com.





Ask a Question



Explore Q&A




Questions and Answers





Certified VA Plumbers - Ask about our $59 Service Special.



Ad
 ·
va.johncflood.com



Ask about our $59 Service Special. We Do It All, So Call Us Today!





$500 Off Water Lines



$59 New Customer Special




$1000 Off Sewer Lines



$330 Off Sewer Inspection





Bill Armstrong on eBay - Great Deals on Bill Armstrong.



Ad
 ·
www.ebay.com



Great Deals on Bill Armstrong. New eBay Buyer Protection Program.


ebay.com is rated


















Rated 4.0 out of 5.0

(1,608 reviews)





Daily Deals



Fashion Outlet



eBay Motors Blog



Exclusive deals on Fashion Vault




Searches related tobill armstrong



bill armstrong oil and gas


bill armstrong photographer


senator bill armstrong


bill armstrong colorado christian uni...


bill armstrong oil



bill armstrong facebook


bill armstrong zodiac


armstrong bill pay online


billy joe armstrong


billie joe armstrong




12345Next

Related Searches



bill armstrong oil and gas


bill armstrong photographer


senator bill armstrong


bill armstrong colorado christian univ...


bill armstrong oil


bill armstrong facebook


bill armstrong zodiac


armstrong bill pay online


billy joe armstrong


billie joe armstrong




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network












bill armstrong | eBay




Please enable JavaScript 
Our new search experience requires JavaScript to be enabled. Please enable JavaScript on your browser, then try again.





 Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAntiquesArtBabyBooksBusiness & IndustrialCameras & PhotoCell Phones & AccessoriesClothing, Shoes & AccessoriesCoins & Paper MoneyCollectiblesComputers/Tablets & NetworkingConsumer ElectronicsCraftsDolls & BearsDVDs & MovieseBay MotorsEntertainment MemorabiliaGift Cards & CouponsHealth & BeautyHome & GardenJewelry & WatchesMusicMusical Instruments & GearPet SuppliesPottery & GlassReal EstateSpecialty ServicesSporting GoodsSports Mem, Cards & Fan ShopStampsTickets & ExperiencesToys & HobbiesTravelVideo Games & ConsolesEverything ElseAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Gift Cards Help & Contact Sell My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Bids/Offers Watch list Wish list All lists Purchase history Selling My Collections Followed searches MessagesNotification  {"url":"http://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250} 
Refine your search for bill armstrong














Refine


moreFormatFormat


All Listings - Current page

Auction
Buy It Now
Classified ads




Sort: Best Match

Best Match



Time: ending soonest
Time: newly listed
Price + Shipping: lowest first
Price + Shipping: highest first
Distance: nearest first



View: LIST






Gallery view 
Customize... 






134
results for bill armstrong

Follow bill armstrong to get e-mail alerts and updates on your eBay Feed.
Unfollow bill armstrong to stop getting updates on your eBay Feed.
Yay! You're now following bill armstrong in your eBay Feed.You will receive email alerts for new listings. Don't send me e-mail alerts.




	   Follow this search









  bill armstrong: 
 












Items in search results








45 RECORD 7"- LOUIS ARMSTRONG - BILL BAILEY




					$2.40

									Was: Previous Price
$3.00




				or Best Offer




						20% off















LOUIS ARMSTRONG BILL BAILEY AUDIO FIDELITY JAZZ 45 WL PROMO




					$8.00



				Buy It Now
















BILL ARMSTRONG - SIGNATURE(S)




					$144.00

									Was: Previous Price
$160.00




				or Best Offer




Free shipping




						10% off







FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Fri, Jul. 28













WILLIAMS L. "BILL" ARMSTRONG - PHOTOGRAPH SIGNED




					$126.00

									Was: Previous Price
$140.00




				or Best Offer




Free shipping




						10% off







FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Fri, Jul. 28










BILL ARMSTRONG 1990-91 SIGNED OHL HOCKEY CARD #199 1 NHL GAME FLYERS AUTOGRAPH




					$9.99



				Buy It Now

















Bill Armstrong, US Senator from Colorado, 3x5 card with 3c Colorado stamp




					$19.75



				Buy It Now


















POP/ROCK 10-inch LP Bill Haley Armstrong Crosby Peggy Lee et al GERMAN BRUNSWICK




					$7.99



				Buy It Now













1984 TCMA Minor League #308 Bill Armstrong Evansville Triplets Baseball Card


		Fulfilled by COMC - World’s largest consignment service



$1.75 to $2.75




				Buy It Now


















LOUIS ARMSTRONG & EDDIE CONDON at Newport 1956 Wild Bill Davison Edmond Hall LP




					$11.97



				Buy It Now













1990-91 ProCards #45 Bill Armstrong Hershey Bears (AHL) Rookie Hockey Card


		Fulfilled by COMC - World’s largest consignment service



					$1.75



				Buy It Now


















Louis Armstrong / Danny Bacher / Bill Goodwin - Swing That Music [New CD]




					$15.17

									List price: Previous Price
$16.98




				Buy It Now




Free shipping





















1978 Bill Armstrong for U.S. Senate 2 1/4" litho Colorado Co campaign button




					$8.00



				Buy It Now
















1979 Press Photo Rep Bill Armstrong Lincoln Day Banquet- RSA01971




					$15.88



				or Best Offer









Buy 1, get 1 50% off









1989-90 ProCards AHL #349 Bill Armstrong




					$0.99



				Buy It Now


















BILL ARMSTRONG 1991/92 O-PEE-CHEE AUTOGRAPH CARD SUPER BREAK CERTIFIED L@@K!!!




					$4.99



				Buy It Now













1997-98 Providence Bruins (AHL) Bill Armstrong




					$2.00



				Buy It Now













1989-90 7th Inning Sketch OHL #20 Bill Armstrong




					$0.99



				Buy It Now


















BILL ARMSTRONG 1989/90 7TH INNING SKETCH AUTO CARD SUPER BREAK CERTIFIED L@@K!!




					$4.99



				Buy It Now














1989-90 7th Inning Sketch OHL #199 Bill Armstrong Winner




					$0.99



				Buy It Now









Free shipping on 10+














1989-90 Oshawa Generals 7th Inning Sketch #20 Bill Armstrong




					$0.99



				Buy It Now


















1991-92 Topps Flyers Hockey Card #36 Bill Armstrong Rookie




					$0.99



				Buy It Now


















1991-92 Topps #36 Bill Armstrong Philadelphia Flyers RC Rookie Hockey Card


		Fulfilled by COMC - World’s largest consignment service



					$2.74



				Buy It Now


















1989 7th Inning Sketch OHL #20 Bill Armstrong Oshawa Generals (OHL) Hockey Card


		Fulfilled by COMC - World’s largest consignment service



					$0.99



				Buy It Now


















SPONSORED
Brief Calculus For The Business Social And Life Sciences by Armstrong Bill




					$59.95



				Buy It Now






See more like thisBrief Calculus For The Business Social And Life Sciences by Armstrong Bill










SPONSORED
Lance Armstrong: A Biography: By Gutman, Bill




					$14.16



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisLance Armstrong: A Biography: By Gutman, Bill










W. F. "BILL" ARMSTRONG - When Whip-poor-wills Call - ** Very Good Condition **


		VERY GOOD Condition Book! Satisfaction Guaranteed!



					$29.75



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisW. F. "BILL" ARMSTRONG - When Whip-poor-wills Call - ** Very Good Condition **










BILL ARMSTRONG - Finite Mathematics - Hardcover ** Brand New **


		Fast Free Shipping!~US Seller~ Satisfaction Guaranteed!








1 product rating




					$52.75



				Buy It Now




Free shipping













BILL ARMSTRONG - Brief Calculus with Applications - Hardcover ** Brand New **


		Fast Free Shipping!~US Seller~ Satisfaction Guaranteed!



					$58.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisBILL ARMSTRONG - Brief Calculus with Applications - Hardcover ** Brand New **










1991-92 (FLYERS) O-Pee-Chee #36 Bill Armstrong




					$0.99



				Buy It Now


















ARMSTRONG, Bill / Apparition Signed First Edition 2005 Signed 1st ed #112277




					$20.13



				or Best Offer













1989-90 7th Inning Sketch Oshawa Generals #20 Bill Armstrong (OHL) Hockey Card


		Fulfilled by COMC - World’s largest consignment service



$1.00 to $2.25




				Buy It Now


















BILL WATSON, ROBIN ARMSTRONG, MICHAEL ERLEWINE, RAY GRASSE, RICHARD HOUCK -


		Satisfaction Guaranteed! ~US Seller~ Free Shipping!



					$18.95



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisBILL WATSON, ROBIN ARMSTRONG, MICHAEL ERLEWINE, RAY GRASSE, RICHARD HOUCK -










1989-90 Seventh Inning Sketch Memorial Cup #82 Bill Armstrong




					$1.00



				Buy It Now
















1986 Bill Wiley Bess Armstrong Gwen Verdon All is Forgiven TV Show Press Photo




					$20.00



				or Best Offer


















1979 TCMA Minor League #691 Bill Armstrong Memphis Chicks Rookie Baseball Card


		Fulfilled by COMC - World’s largest consignment service



$1.24 to $1.25




				Buy It Now


















Musings from the Mountaintop by Bill Armstrong (2006, Paperback)


		Sold directly by Barnes & Noble



					$18.98



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisMusings from the Mountaintop by Bill Armstrong (2006, Paperback)















Conservative Digest Magazine November 1978 Bill Armstrong EX No ML 010517jhe




					$15.40

									Was: Previous Price
$22.99




				or Best Offer




						33% off










2012-13 Panini National Treasures 19 BJ Armstrong Bill Cartwright B.J. Auto Card


		Fulfilled by COMC - World’s largest consignment service



					$110.24



				Buy It Now




Free shipping










FAST 'N FREE
Get it on or before Fri, Jul. 28















1989 7th Inning Sketch OHL #199 Bill Armstrong Oshawa Generals (OHL) Hockey Card


		Fulfilled by COMC - World’s largest consignment service



					$3.25



				Buy It Now


















BING CROSBY & LOUIS ARMSTRONG / Brother Bill MGM HT 057-27 Pres Spain 1961 EP EX




					$35.00



				Buy It Now







					From Spain










1974 TV AD~LIARS CLUB HOST BILL ARMSTRONG~FANNY FLAGG~JOEY BISHOP~GEORGE SAVALAS




					$7.75



				Buy It Now
















Smacka Fitzgibbon Barefoot Days: The Bill Armstrong Collection CD




					$13.45



				Buy It Now







					From Australia










LOUIS ARMSTRONG-SATCHMO SINGS BLUEBERRY HILL; BROTHER BILL "RARE OZ EP" 45 RPM




					$11.83



				or Best Offer







					From Australia







1978 Nmmt Otis Armstrong, Haven Moses, Bill Thompson, Rick Upchurch #508 2502P




					$1.97



				Buy It Now









30% off 10+









1978 Nmmt Otis Armstrong, Haven Moses, Bill Thompson, Rick Upchurch #508 2502Z




					$1.97



				Buy It Now









30% off 10+









1978 Nmmt Otis Armstrong, Haven Moses, Bill Thompson, Rick Upchurch #508 2502U




					$1.97



				Buy It Now









30% off 10+









Lance Armstrong: A Biography by Bill Gutman Paperback Book (English)




					$12.26



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisLance Armstrong: A Biography by Bill Gutman Paperback Book (English)















NEW Musings from the Mountaintop by Bill Armstrong Paperback Book (English) Free




					$15.87



				Buy It Now




Free shipping






See more like thisNEW Musings from the Mountaintop by Bill Armstrong Paperback Book (English) Free















Boys Life Magazine 1970 Boy Scouts Compton High School Basketball Bill Armstrong




					$13.99



				Buy It Now













Louis Armstrong / Danny Bacher / Bill Goodwin - Swing That Music [New CD]




					$15.10

									List price: Previous Price
$18.35




				Buy It Now













1978 Nmmt Otis Armstrong, Haven Moses, Bill Thompson, Rick Upchurch #508 2502Y




					$1.97



				Buy It Now









30% off 10+









1963 Harvard Crim Football Bill Grana Bill Taylor Hobie Armstrong Press Photo




					$16.94

									Was: Previous Price
$33.88




				Buy It Now




						50% off


















Tell us what you think




Pagination for search results




1
2
3








Items per page: 

50



25 
100 
200 









eBay determines this price through a machine learned model of the product's sale prices within the last 90 days.
eBay determines trending price through a machine learned model of the product’s sale prices within the last 90 days. "New" refers to a brand-new, unused, unopened, undamaged item, and "Used" refers to an item that has been used previously.
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More
Top Rated PlusSellers with highest buyer ratingsReturns, money backShips in a business day with trackingLearn More















Search refinements





Categories

All

Sports Mem, Cards & Fan Shop
(51)




Hockey Cards
(31)


Football Cards
(11)


Baseball Cards
(4)




Other NHL Autographed Items
(1)


NHL Autographed Photos
(1)


Basketball Cards
(1)


More




Books
(37)




Nonfiction Books
(14)


Magazine Back Issues
(12)


Textbooks & Educational Books
(7)




Antiquarian & Collectible Books
(2)


Children & YA Non-Fiction
(2)


More




Music
(20)




Vinyl Records
(10)


Music CDs
(8)




Music Cassettes
(1)


More




Collectibles
(13)




Other Collectible Political Autographs
(2)


Other Collectible Contemporary Photos (1940-Now)
(2)


Mechanic Tool Collectibles
(1)


Collectible Space-Related Autographs
(1)


Collectible Congressional Autographs
(1)




US State Political Collectibles
(1)


Bronze Age Alternative & Underground Comics
(1)


Collectible Sports Celebrity Photos (1940-Now)
(1)


More





DVDs & Movies
(7)


Entertainment Memorabilia
(4)


Musical Instruments & Gear
(1)


Crafts
(1)


Show more







Condition
see allCondition




New
(30)





Used
(58)





Not Specified
(46)





Price



Please enter a minimum and/or maximum price before continuing.
			$ Enter minimum price to $ Enter maximum price 





Format
see allFormat




All Listings(filter applied)
(134)



Auction
(0)




Buy It Now
(134)




Item Location
see allItem Location




Default(filter applied)





Within


Within
2 miles5 miles10 miles15 miles25 miles50 miles75 miles100 miles150 miles200 miles500 miles750 miles1000 miles1500 miles2000 miles of Enter your ZIP code 
						Go

Please enter a valid zipcode





US Only





North America





Worldwide






see allSellerSeller





Delivery Options
see allDelivery Options




Free shipping





Free In-store pickup





Show only
see allShow only




Returns accepted





Completed listings





Sold listings





Deals & Savings





More refinements...































*Learn about pricing




			Amounts shown in italicized text are for items listed in currency other than U.S. dollars and are approximate conversions to U.S. dollars based upon Bloomberg's conversion rates. For more recent exchange rates, please use the Universal Currency Converter

		 This page was last updated:  Jul-23 08:23. Number of bids and bid amounts may be slightly out of date. See each listing for international shipping options and costs.
















eBay Motors Blog | The official blog of eBay Motors












Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy)
		Daily Deals
		Gift Cards
		Help & Contact
		Sell
		My eBayExpand My eBay
		Summary
		Bids/Offers
		Watch list
		Wish list
		All lists
		Purchase history
		Selling
		My Collections
		Followed searches
		MessagesNotification







































































The official blog of eBay Motors | Go to ebay.com/motors

Search for:



 





 



Menu

Home
Classics

American
Asian
European


Culture

Builders
Concept Cars
Movies & Television


DIY
Events
Performance

Sports Cars
Motorsports


Motorcycles & ATVs

Motorcycles
ATVs & UTVs


Shop Motors


  
    Parts and Tools
    
Car & Truck Parts
Motorcycle Parts
Tools & Supplies
  
  
    Vehicles
    
Cars & Trucks
Classics & Exotics
eBay Frontline Vehicles
  





 

















eBay Motors Installs a Classic Intake on ’67 Mustang’s 427 Cobra Jet V8
By Daniel Gray 0



 Pause
 Resume





 














Culture



 By Daniel GrayJul 21



Listed on eBay Motors: 1989 Surveillance Van (Shh!)



The van was commissioned by the feds to accommodate extended stretches of stakeout work.

Read more







Builders



 By Gary LieberJul 21



Maker of Teeth and Fangs Rebuilds ‘51 Ford Coupe Racer



The 1951 Ford two-door chop-top coupe can hit 150 miles per hour.

Read more







Builders



 By Benjamin HuntingJul 20



Maxlider Brothers Customs: A Business Built on Passion for Ford Broncos



The brothers have been obsessed with Broncos since the late 1980s.

Read more












 

Classics

It’s a 1967 Volvo Amazon with a Roaring BMW V-8
The Volvo is being offered on eBay with a more street-worthy tune of merely 747 horsepower. 
July 13
By Jim Motavalli







 

Classics

Shine That Chrome: July 14 is Collector Car Appreciation Day
Enthusiasts are planning open houses, car cruises, club gatherings and educational events to commemorate the day.
July 7
By Jim Motavalli












News



 By Mark BachJul 18



Now in Its Tenth Generation, Honda Accord Proves the Test of Time



Not many carmakers have retained the same nameplate for more than 40 years. 

Read more







Motorcycles



 By Philip RichterJul 17



The Outlandish K1 Modernized BMW Motorcycles



In the late 1980s, the K1 was a Buck Rogers futuristic machine.

Read more







DIY



 By Gary LieberJul 14



Don’t Get Stuck in your Truck—Here’s How



Here are a few items—including jacks, mats, straps, and winches—to help you get un-stuck. 

Read more








Builders



 By Daniel GrayJul 12



Drivetrain for eBay’s 1967 Mustang Project Unveiled in Columbus



Rut and his crew decided on the legendary 427 cubic inch Ford Cobra Jet engine and a stout Tremec five-speed manual transmission.

Read more







DIY



 By Nina RussinJul 11



How to Transform Your Work Truck for 21st Century Productivity



Work trucks have become mobile offices with specialized storage spaces and enhanced connectivity.

Read more







Events



 By Daniel GrayJul 11



On The Road with eBay Motors



Get ready for Rut and his crew to complete a ground-up restoration of a ‘67 Mustang Fastback while traveling coast to coast.

Read more

































About
Comment Policy
User Agreement
Privacy
 

© Copyright 2017. All rights reserved.




































										Textbooks Online - Sell, Buy, Search TextBooks at Half.com
								
















Skip to main contenteBayShop by categoryShop by categoryEnter your search keywordAll CategoriesAdvancedHi (Sign in to bid or buy)
		Daily Deals
		Gift Cards
		Help & Contact
		Sell
		My eBayExpand My eBay
		Summary
		Bids/Offers
		Watch list
		Wish list
		All lists
		Purchase history
		Selling
		My Collections
		Followed searches
		MessagesNotification










 
























My AccountWish ListSell My StuffHelpeBay HomeSign in

























Home
Books

Textbooks

Music
Movies
Games








Shopping Cart






























											Search:
											






Books
   > Title
   > Author
   > ISBN
--------------------------All Categories
Music
Movies
Video Games
Game Systems



















Home > Books > Textbook Superstore
Save big now on our top 200 bestselling textbooks
















Categories
Textbooks

Antiques & Collectibles
Architecture
Art
Bibles
Biography & Autobiography
Body, Mind  & Spirit
Business & Economics
Comic & Graphic Novels
Computers
Cooking
Crafts & Hobbies
Design
Drama
Education 
Family  & Relationships
Fiction
Foreign Language Study
Games
Gardening
Health  & Fitness
History
House  & Home
Humor
Juvenile Fiction
Juvenile Nonfiction
Language Arts & Disciplines
Law
Literary Collections 
Literary Criticism
Mathematics
Medical
Music
Nature
Performing Arts
Pets
Philosophy
Photography
Poetry
Political Science
Psychology 
Reference
Religion
Science
Self-help 
Social Science 
Sports & Recreation
Study Aids 
Technology  & Engineering
Transportation
Travel
True Crime









Save on Shipping
Buy 2 or more from the same seller and pay less.

















Textbooks
Sign in now








Best Selling Books
































Psychology by David G. Myers (2009, Hardcover)

David G. Myers (Hardcover, 2009)$2.62



Lehninger Principles of Biochemistry by Albert ...
			

David L. Nelson, Michael M. Cox, Albert Lehninger...					
				 (Hardcover, 1326580)$12.50



Biology by Beth Winickoff, Neil A. Campbell, Ja...
			

Neil A. Campbell, Jane B. Reece, Steven Wasserman,...					
				 (Hardcover / Mixed Media, 1323E70)$11.00






































Dorm Entertainment
































The Kite Runner by Khaled Hosseini (2004, Paper...
			

 $0.75



Halo 2 (Microsoft Xbox, 2004)

 (Microsoft Xbox, 2004)$0.75



Give Your Child Music by Jill Phillips (1979, B...
			

 $4.37









































 



 












has more for you...


Shopping.comCompare product prices and stores
StubHubBuy and sell all kinds of event tickets
eBay ClassifiedsFree and friendly local classifieds





Home|
Books|
Textbooks|
Music|
Movies|
Games


Shops|
Why eBay|
Announcements|
eBay Seasonal Online Sales & Events|
Site Map

Copyright © 1999-2016 Half.com Inc. All Rights Reserved. Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners. Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the eBay User Agreement and Privacy Policy. 










