


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price International Bond Fund (RPIBX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				International Bond Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				RPIBX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/25/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$8.91
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.04
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/25/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								8.14%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$8.18
							
							-
							
								$9.47
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$5,240.21

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the International Bond Fund among 
298,
298,
253
and 
126
World Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's objective is to provide high current income and capital appreciation by investing primarily in high-quality, nondollar-denominated bonds outside the U.S.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/25/2017)
								
							



						
						
							1.29%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							1.27%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							1.27%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					-2.13%
				
			

				
					-2.13%
				
			


3 Years

				
					-2.05%
				
			

				
					-2.05%
				
			


5 Years

				
					-0.05%
				
			

				
					-0.05%
				
			


10 Years

				
					2.84%
				
			

				
					2.84%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 5.63%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							5.63%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							September 10, 1986
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.84%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.84%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			


				The International Bond Fund charges a 2% 
redemption fee on shares held 90 days or less. 
The performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of the redemption fee; 
if it did, the performance would be lower.
			


2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Tue Jul 25 23:07:56 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund





















404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















TFFAX





Templeton Foreign Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




























            PRICE AND YTD RETURN
        As of 07/25/2017









            NAV
        

up $0.02


$7.84




            POP


$7.84




            YTD Total return at Nav
        

13.95%












            AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS
        

As of 
            Quarter end
         06/30/2017



            Sales Charge
        



            On
        


            Off
        






            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        











            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        






            1 YEAR RETURN
        

24.13%




            5 YEAR RETURN
        

9.43%





            10 YEAR RETURN
        

2.65%















            KEY STATS
        


            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        







            Investment Category
        


Value





            Distributions
        

Annually




            CUSIP
        

880   196   506




            Fund Number
        

604




            Inception Date
        


Oct 05, 1982




            Total Net Assets
        
            (all share classes)
         As of 06/30/2017



$7,351.7  (M)
        










            Distribution Rate at NAV
        


            N/A
        









            30-Day Standardized yield
        


            N/A
        












            SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES, & FEES
         As of 01/01/2017 
            (updated annually)
        








            Gross Expense Ratio
        

0.97%




            Net Expense Ratio
        

0.97%




            Max Initial Sales Charge
        

0.00%




            CDSC
        

0.00%




            12b-1 Fee
        

0.00%














            Fund Description
        




The fund seeks long-term capital growth by investing at least 80% of its net assets in foreign securities, that are predominantly equity securities of companies located outside of the U.S., including developing markets.



            Strategy Statement
        








"Templeton Foreign Fund has a bottom-up, long-term investment strategy that goes to great lengths in search of undervalued stocks outside of the United States."                                            
                                            












Management







Tucker Scott, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1996
Managed Fund Since 2007










Norman Boersma, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1991
Managed Fund Since 2011










James Harper, CFA®

Joined Franklin Templeton in 2007
Managed Fund Since 2010










Heather Arnold, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1997
Managed Fund Since 2014











            Rating
        







            Overall Morningstar Rating
        

As of 06/30/2017








            Rating Category:
         Foreign Large Value




The fund's overall Morningstar Rating measures risk-adjusted returns and is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its 3-, 5- and 10-year (if applicable) rating metrics.





            Historical Morningstar Rating
         As of 06/30/2017





            Years
        

            Ratings
        

            Fundsin category
        




3



3 
            Stars
        





268


5



4 
            Stars
        






218


10



5 
            Stars
        







133








            Morningstar Style Box
        
As of03/31/2017



            Table Legend
        



            Current
        


            Historical
        






            Historical Style
        


            Current Style
        





            Large
        

            Size
        






            Medium
        






            Small
        



            Value
        

            Blend
        

            Growth
        




            Style
        









            Strategy, Benefits, Results
        



            Strategy
        Our strategy is built upon the following Templeton cornerstones, which have been in place for more than 70 years.

Search Globally. We believe bargains have no borders when searching for the best investment opportunities.
Seek Value. We search worldwide for stocks selling at prices we believe are low relative to their true value.
Perform Fundamental, Bottom-Up Research. We conduct in-person visits and perform extensive fundamental research to model a company's potential future earnings, cash flow and asset value relative to its stock price.
Practice Patient, Long-Term Investing. We evaluate a company's potential for earnings and growth over a five-year horizon.



            Benefits
        
Diversification. By investing primarily in international securities, Templeton Foreign Fund can offer diversification to complement the U.S. portion of your portfolio.
Reduced Volatility. Templeton Foreign Fund has historically experienced less volatility than its benchmark, the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index.
Low Average Turnover Ratio. Our long-term investing approach has historically resulted in a lower than average portfolio turnover ratio.








            Results
        






Hypothetical $10K Investment



















            Investing In The Fund
        

What Are the Risks?

All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal.
Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors.
Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically.
Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe.
Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised.
The fund’s risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.





            Minimum Investment
        

            See Prospectus
        



How Financial Advisors Help You
Speak to your advisor about whether this fund is appropriate for you.
Learn more from FINRA about How to Find and Work with an Investment Professional.







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors. Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically. Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe. Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. The fund's risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Placement is determined by fund portfolio holding figures most recently entered into Morningstar's database and corresponding market conditions. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        












 





Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















TFFAX





Templeton Foreign Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




















Performance


Average Annual Total Returns


Calendar Year Returns


Cumulative Total Returns


After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns











Average Annual Total Returns




                    [further-information]
                







Close



Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017








CLOSE ×

                                        Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.










Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures











Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 10/05/1982






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54




MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
21.00
1.27
7.70
1.59
—




MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
9.86













Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 10/05/1982






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54



MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
21.00
1.27
7.70
1.59
—



MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
9.84
















Calendar Year Returns





Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
11.99
-6.93
-10.55
27.32
18.89
-12.57
8.87
50.18
-45.98
17.56



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
11.99
-6.93
-10.55
27.32
18.89
-12.57
8.87
50.18
-45.98
17.56



<nobr>MSCI All Country World ex-US Index</nobr> (%)
5.01
-5.25
-3.44
15.78
17.39
-13.33
11.60
42.14
-45.24
17.12















Cumulative Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 10/05/1982





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19



MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
14.45
21.00
3.85
44.93
17.07
—



MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
—
2,267.73












Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 10/05/1982





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19



MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
14.45
21.00
3.85
44.93
17.07
—



MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
—
2,216.82











HYPOTHETICAL $10K INVESTMENT














After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. "Before Shares Sold" figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. "After Shares Sold" figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. &#34;Before Shares Sold&#34; figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. &#34;After Shares Sold&#34; figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures












Month EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29

















Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29















SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES & FEES As of  01/01/2017 (updated annually)




Gross Expense Ratio

0.97%



Net Expense Ratio

0.97%



Max Initial Sales Charge

0.00%



CDSC

0.00%






Volatility Measures


                    [further-information]
                







Close



Alpha The difference between a fund's actual returns versus its expected performance, given its level of market risk as measured by beta. A positive alpha indicates the fund performed better than its beta would predict while a negative alpha indicates the fund's under performance based on the expectations indicated by the fund's beta.  Beta A measure of a fund's volatility in relation to the stock market, as measured by a stated index. By definition, the beta of the stated index is 1; a fund with a higher beta has been more volatile than the index, and a fund with a lower beta has been less volatile than the index.  Sharpe Ratio The Sharpe ratio, developed by Nobel Prize winner William Sharpe, provides a measure of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. A higher number indicates better historical risk-adjusted performance.  CorrelationThe linear relationship between two return series. Correlation shows the strength of the relationship between two return series. The higher the relationship, the more similar the returns.  R-Squared This number indicates what percentage of a fund's performance fluctuation can be explained by movements in the benchmark index. R-squared (correlation) ranges from 0 to 100. An R-squared of 100 would mean that the fund is tracking its benchmark exactly. A low R-squared indicates that very few of the fund's movements are explained by movements of its benchmark. R-squared can help determine the significance of the fund's beta. A higher R-squared generally indicates a more useful beta. Lower R-squared means the fund's beta is less relevant to its performance.  Standard Deviation This figure provides a statistical measure of the range of a fund's returns. A high standard deviation indicates a wide range of returns and thus greater volatility.



As of  06/30/2017 Updated Monthly, based on a 3-year period







CLOSE ×

                                
                    [further-information-text]
                







Beta


1.07



Sharpe Ratio


-0.03



Standard Deviation


13.79






Benchmarks

A benchmark is a comparable broad-based index that can be used to evaluate a fund's performance.


MSCI All Country World ex-US Index


MSCI EAFE Index







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors. Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically. Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe. Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. The fund's risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Placement is determined by fund portfolio holding figures most recently entered into Morningstar's database and corresponding market conditions. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The hypothetical scenario does not take into account federal, state or municipal taxes. If taxes were taken into account, the hypothetical values shown would have been lower.


Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis.  Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. The before shares sold calculation assumes taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but does not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. The after shares sold calculation also adjusts for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.

Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        


















 





Franklin High Income Fund - FVHIX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Franklin High Income Fund - FVHIX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















FVHIX





Franklin High Income Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




















Performance


Average Annual Total Returns


Calendar Year Returns


Cumulative Total Returns


After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns











Average Annual Total Returns




                    [further-information]
                







Close



Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017








CLOSE ×

                                        Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.










Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures











Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 12/31/1969






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78




Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
13.04
4.28
6.72
7.22
—













Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 12/31/1969






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78



Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
13.04
4.28
6.72
7.22
—
















Calendar Year Returns





Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
19.41
-10.06
-0.25
7.79
15.26
4.71
13.86
44.51
-22.43
3.31



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
19.41
-10.06
-0.25
7.79
15.26
4.71
13.86
44.51
-22.43
3.31



<nobr>Credit Suisse High Yield Index</nobr> (%)
18.39
-4.90
1.86
7.53
14.71
5.47
14.42
54.22
-26.17
2.65















Cumulative Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 12/31/1969





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38



Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
4.37
13.04
13.40
38.43
100.85
—












Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 12/31/1969





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38



Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
4.37
13.04
13.40
38.43
100.85
—











HYPOTHETICAL $10K INVESTMENT














After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. "Before Shares Sold" figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. "After Shares Sold" figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. &#34;Before Shares Sold&#34; figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. &#34;After Shares Sold&#34; figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures












Month EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70

















Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70















SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES & FEES As of  10/01/2016 (updated annually)




Gross Expense Ratio


0.64%



Net Expense Ratio

0.63%



Max Initial Sales Charge

0.00%



CDSC

0.00%






Volatility Measures


                    [further-information]
                







Close



Alpha The difference between a fund's actual returns versus its expected performance, given its level of market risk as measured by beta. A positive alpha indicates the fund performed better than its beta would predict while a negative alpha indicates the fund's under performance based on the expectations indicated by the fund's beta.  Beta A measure of a fund's volatility in relation to the stock market, as measured by a stated index. By definition, the beta of the stated index is 1; a fund with a higher beta has been more volatile than the index, and a fund with a lower beta has been less volatile than the index.  Sharpe Ratio The Sharpe ratio, developed by Nobel Prize winner William Sharpe, provides a measure of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. A higher number indicates better historical risk-adjusted performance.  CorrelationThe linear relationship between two return series. Correlation shows the strength of the relationship between two return series. The higher the relationship, the more similar the returns.  R-Squared This number indicates what percentage of a fund's performance fluctuation can be explained by movements in the benchmark index. R-squared (correlation) ranges from 0 to 100. An R-squared of 100 would mean that the fund is tracking its benchmark exactly. A low R-squared indicates that very few of the fund's movements are explained by movements of its benchmark. R-squared can help determine the significance of the fund's beta. A higher R-squared generally indicates a more useful beta. Lower R-squared means the fund's beta is less relevant to its performance.  Standard Deviation This figure provides a statistical measure of the range of a fund's returns. A high standard deviation indicates a wide range of returns and thus greater volatility.



As of  06/30/2017 Updated Monthly, based on a 3-year period







CLOSE ×

                                
                    [further-information-text]
                







Beta


1.24



Sharpe Ratio


0.21



Standard Deviation


7.82






Benchmarks

A benchmark is a comparable broad-based index that can be used to evaluate a fund's performance.


Credit Suisse High Yield Index







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. The risks associated with higher-yielding, lower-rated securities include higher risk of default and loss of principal. Changes in the financial strength of a bond issuer or in a bond's credit rating may affect its value. In addition, interest rate movements will affect the fund's share price and yield. Bond prices generally move in the opposite direction of interest rates. Thus, as the prices of bonds in the fund adjust to a rise in interest rates, the fund's share price may decline. Investment in foreign securities also involves special risks, including currency fluctuations, and political and economic uncertainty. These and other risk considerations are discussed in the fund's prospectus.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The fund's 30-day standardized yield is calculated over a trailing 30-day period using the yield to maturity on bonds and/or the dividends accrued on stocks. It may not equal the fund's actual income distribution rate, which reflects the fund's past dividends paid to shareholders.
The fund's 30-day standardized yield is calculated over a trailing 30-day period using the yield to maturity on bonds and/or the dividends accrued on stocks. It may not equal the fund's actual income distribution rate, which reflects the fund's past dividends paid to shareholders.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. For credit quality of the bonds owned, Morningstar combines credit rating information provided by the fund companies (only using ratings assigned by a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization - "NRSRO") with an average default rate calculation to come up with a weighted-average credit quality. The weighted-average credit quality is currently a letter that roughly corresponds to the scale used by a leading NRSRO. Funds with a low credit quality style box placement are those whose weighted-average credit quality is less than BBB-; medium are those less than AA- but greater or equal to BBB-; and high are those of AA- or higher. When classifying a bond portfolio, Morningstar first maps the NRSRO credit ratings of the underlying holdings to their respective default rates (as determined by Morningstar's analysis of actual historical default rates). Morningstar then averages these default rates to determine the average default rate for the entire bond fund. Finally, Morningstar maps this average default rate to its corresponding credit rating along a convex curve. For interest-rate sensitivity, Morningstar obtains from fund companies the average effective duration. Generally, Morningstar classifies a fixed-income fund's interest-rate sensitivity based on effective duration of the Morningstar Core Bond Index (MCBI), which is currently three years. The classification of Limited will be assigned to those funds whose average effective duration is between 25% to 75% of MCBI's average effective duration; average effective duration between 75% to 125% of the MCBI will be classified as Moderate; and those at 125% or greater of the MCBI will be classified as Extensive. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data.  Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The hypothetical scenario does not take into account federal, state or municipal taxes. If taxes were taken into account, the hypothetical values shown would have been lower.


Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 9/30/17. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 9/30/17. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 9/30/17. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis.  Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. The before shares sold calculation assumes taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but does not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. The after shares sold calculation also adjusts for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.

Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        


















 





Franklin Growth Fund - FCGAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Franklin Growth Fund - FCGAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















FCGAX





Franklin Growth Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




















Performance


Average Annual Total Returns


Calendar Year Returns


Cumulative Total Returns


After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns











Average Annual Total Returns




                    [further-information]
                







Close



Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017








CLOSE ×

                                        Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.










Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures











Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 03/31/1948






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34




S&P 500 Index (%)
17.90
9.61
14.63
7.18
—













Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 03/31/1948






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34



S&P 500 Index (%)
17.90
9.61
14.63
7.18
—
















Calendar Year Returns





Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
8.68
2.20
15.15
29.73
13.98
0.87
15.18
34.57
-33.21
7.39



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
8.68
2.20
15.15
29.73
13.98
0.87
15.18
34.57
-33.21
7.39



<nobr>S&P 500 Index</nobr> (%)
11.96
1.38
13.69
32.39
16.00
2.11
15.06
26.46
-37.00
5.49















Cumulative Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 03/31/1948





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17



S&P 500 Index (%)
9.34
17.90
31.70
97.92
100.08
—












Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 03/31/1948





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17



S&P 500 Index (%)
9.34
17.90
31.70
97.92
100.08
—











HYPOTHETICAL $10K INVESTMENT














After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. "Before Shares Sold" figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. "After Shares Sold" figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. &#34;Before Shares Sold&#34; figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. &#34;After Shares Sold&#34; figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures












Month EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74

















Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74















SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES & FEES As of  02/01/2017 (updated annually)




Gross Expense Ratio


0.65%



Net Expense Ratio

0.63%



Max Initial Sales Charge

0.00%



CDSC

0.00%






Volatility Measures


                    [further-information]
                







Close



Alpha The difference between a fund's actual returns versus its expected performance, given its level of market risk as measured by beta. A positive alpha indicates the fund performed better than its beta would predict while a negative alpha indicates the fund's under performance based on the expectations indicated by the fund's beta.  Beta A measure of a fund's volatility in relation to the stock market, as measured by a stated index. By definition, the beta of the stated index is 1; a fund with a higher beta has been more volatile than the index, and a fund with a lower beta has been less volatile than the index.  Sharpe Ratio The Sharpe ratio, developed by Nobel Prize winner William Sharpe, provides a measure of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. A higher number indicates better historical risk-adjusted performance.  CorrelationThe linear relationship between two return series. Correlation shows the strength of the relationship between two return series. The higher the relationship, the more similar the returns.  R-Squared This number indicates what percentage of a fund's performance fluctuation can be explained by movements in the benchmark index. R-squared (correlation) ranges from 0 to 100. An R-squared of 100 would mean that the fund is tracking its benchmark exactly. A low R-squared indicates that very few of the fund's movements are explained by movements of its benchmark. R-squared can help determine the significance of the fund's beta. A higher R-squared generally indicates a more useful beta. Lower R-squared means the fund's beta is less relevant to its performance.  Standard Deviation This figure provides a statistical measure of the range of a fund's returns. A high standard deviation indicates a wide range of returns and thus greater volatility.



As of  06/30/2017 Updated Monthly, based on a 3-year period







CLOSE ×

                                
                    [further-information-text]
                







Beta


0.95



Sharpe Ratio


1.05



Standard Deviation


10.02






Benchmarks

A benchmark is a comparable broad-based index that can be used to evaluate a fund's performance.


S&P 500 Index







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Historically, the fund has focused on larger companies. The fund may also invest in small, relatively new and/or unseasoned companies, which involves additional risks, as the price of these securities can be volatile, particularly over the short term. The fund may focus on particular sectors of the market from time to time, which can carry greater risks of adverse developments in such sectors. In addition, the fund may invest up to 40% of its net assets in stocks of foreign companies, which involve special risks, including currency fluctuations and economic as well as political uncertainty. These and other risks are described more fully in the fund's prospectus.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the S&P 500 Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the S&P 500 Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the S&P 500 Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the S&P 500 Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Placement is determined by fund portfolio holding figures most recently entered into Morningstar's database and corresponding market conditions. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The hypothetical scenario does not take into account federal, state or municipal taxes. If taxes were taken into account, the hypothetical values shown would have been lower.


Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 1/31/18. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 1/31/18. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis.  Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. The before shares sold calculation assumes taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but does not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. The after shares sold calculation also adjusts for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.

Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        


















 





ARROWSTREET INTERNATIONAL EQUITY - EAFE FUND, A SUB-FUND OF ARROWSTREET US GROUP TRUST Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      ARROWSTREET INTERNATIONAL EQUITY - EAFE FUND, A SUB-FUND OF ARROWSTREET US GROUP TRUST
                    

•   BOSTON, MA
                          • Trust
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Arrowstreet International Equity - Eafe Fund, A Sub-fund OF Arrowstreet US Group Trust is based out of Boston.    The firm last filed a Form D notice of exempt offering of securities on 2017-01-30. The filing was for a pooled investment fund:  other investment fund The notice  included securities offered of Pooled Investment Fund Interests
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)
Form D 5



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from ARROWSTREET INTERNATIONAL EQUITY - EAFE FUND, A SUB-FUND OF ARROWSTREET US GROUP TRUST, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




arrowstreet international equity - eafe fund, a sub-fund of arrowstreet us group trust


200 CLARENDON STREET, FLOOR 30

BOSTON
MA
                                                        
                                                    02116


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      617-919-0000







Recent SEC Filings




D/A filed on 01/30/2017
D/A filed on 01/27/2016
D filed on 02/02/2015
D/A filed on 02/03/2014
D filed on 05/14/2013
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...



Form D Filings

  Form D is a form to be used to file a notice of an exempt offering of securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
  Form D contains basic information about the offering and the company.


Form D Filings


Filing Date
Form Type
Industry Group
Securities Offered
Total Offering Amount
Total Amount Sold
Total Remaining




2017-01-30
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
208,600,000
INDEFINITE


2016-01-27
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
208,600,000
INDEFINITE


2015-02-02
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
106,000,000
INDEFINITE


2014-02-03
D/A
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
84,000,000
INDEFINITE


2013-05-14
D
POOLED INVESTMENT FUND:  OTHER INVESTMENT FUND

      Pooled Investment Fund Interests
    
INDEFINITE
0
INDEFINITE




Other Issuers in Filings


Name
Address





  No Other Issuers
  




Related Parties included in filings


Name
Address
Relationship




LIMITED PARTNERSHIP   ARROWSTREET CAPITAL,

          subscription required
    


          PROMOTER
      











Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version



















Home | Arrowstreet Capital
























Jump to navigation








Home

 
 
Nothing on this web site should be considered a solicitation to buy or an offer to sell a security, product or investment strategy to any person in any jurisdiction where such offer, solicitation, purchase or sale would be unlawful under the securities laws of that jurisdiction.





Arrowstreet Capital, Limited Partnership is an investment
firm that manages Global Equity portfolios for institutional
investors around the world.










Arrowstreet Capital, Limited Partnership  |  200 Clarendon Street, 30th Floor  |  Boston MA 02116  |  617.919.0000
Copyright © 2015 by Arrowstreet Capital, Limited Partnership. All rights reserved.






Arrowstreet US Group Trust - Arrowstreet International Equity - ACWI ex US Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg










































  





















































































July 26, 2017 5:57 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Arrowstreet US Group Trust - Arrowstreet International Equity - ACWI ex US Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview



30th Floor200 Clarendon StreetBoston, MA 02116United States










Key Executives for Arrowstreet US Group Trust - Arrowstreet International Equity - ACWI ex US Fund


Arrowstreet US Group Trust - Arrowstreet International Equity - ACWI ex US Fund does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Arrowstreet US Group Trust - Arrowstreet International Equity - ACWI ex US Fund, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





































 


 





Arrowstreet US Group Trust - Arrowstreet International Equity - EAFE Fund (788FEET2T2JFOMRNSW98) | Open LEIs


















            A user-friendly view on the
            Legal Entity Identifier system




Brought to you by













What is the LEI system?
About OpenCorporates



Register


Login











		    Arrowstreet US Group Trust - Arrowstreet International Equity - EAFE Fund
      




Lei 788FEET2T2JFOMRNSW98
Legal Form OTHER
Registered Address C/O Arrowstreet Capital, Limited Partnership, Eric Burnett, 30th Floor, 200 Clarendon Street, Boston, US-MA 02116
Headquarter Address 30th Floor, 200 Clarendon Street, Boston, US-MA 02116
Legal Jurisdiction US
Business Registry Name N/A
Business Registry Identifier Not supplied!

Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) details

Registered By DTCC/SWIFT CICI
Assignment Date 2012-11-08 17:13:49 UTC
Record Last Update 2017-07-15 02:10:45 UTC
Next Renewal Date 2018-07-12 15:02:59 UTC
Status Code ISSUED



          Imported from gleif on
          July 26 2017,  4.07AM
        




Share this page








Permalink



Connect with us

 Connect
 Join
 Follow






Download Open Data

XML or
      JSON














×







 SECGems: Arrowstreet International Equity EAFE Trust Fund 







































  







			Data feeds now available
			Excel / CSV / Java / Python /etc 
Database
Learn more









  




  


  






























 Arrowstreet International Equity EAFE Trust Fund 
		     










 Info




 Ownership




 Filings
2













	 
	
	 30TH FLOOR
	 
	  200 CLARENDON STREET
	
	   BOSTON, 
	   MA, 
	  
	
	  
		
		

			
			 
		
		
		
		 USA
		
	
	   617-919-0000    
	    

						        









Filing DateCurrent and former namesChanged on date




2016-10-27Arrowstreet International Equity EAFE Trust Fund








Central Index Key (CIK)
0001688533
State of Incorporation
NH
Country of Incorporation
USA
Fiscal year end
1231
IRS #
811431492










Form D Related Persons# Filings





 Limited Partnership Arrowstreet Capital


2







 








db
 
 










































Arrowstreet International Equity EAFE Trust Fund - Who is raising money? | SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, startups and private equity companies















Who is raising money?











Arrowstreet International Equity EAFE Trust Fund  Funding details


Arrowstreet International Equity EAFE Trust Fund Industry: Pooled Investment FundCIK Number: 0001688533IRS Number: 811431492Address: 30TH FLOOR 200 CLARENDON STREET BOSTON 02116Phone number: 617-919-0000



Latest news
Arrowstreet International Equity EAFE Trust Fund raised $90,010,000 from 2 investors on 2017-01-30.



Arrowstreet International Equity EAFE Trust Fund Filings

DateFiling TypeOfferedSoldRemainingMin. investmentInvest. countExemption / Exlusions
2017-01-30Amended Form DIndefinite$90,010,000Indefinite$10,000,000206b 3C 3C.1 3C.7[SEC Filing]2016-10-27New Form DIndefiniteYet To SellIndefinite$10,000,000006b 3C 3C.1 3C.7[SEC Filing]
Arrowstreet International Equity EAFE Trust Fund raised $90,010,000 in total.



Directors and Executives of Arrowstreet International Equity EAFE Trust Fund
Key People in Arrowstreet International Equity EAFE Trust Fund:

Limited Partnership Arrowstreet Capital
Similar companiesArrowstreet ACWI ex US Fund IV, a sub-fund of Arrowstreet Multi-Strategy Umbrella plc, Arrowstreet EAFE Alpha Extension Fund II, a sub-fund of Arrowstreet Multi-Strategy Umbrella plc, Arrowstreet Emerging Market Fund III, a sub-fund of Arrowstreet Multi-Strategy Umbrella plc, Arrowstreet Global Alpha Extension Fund I, a sub-fund of Arrowstreet Multi-Strategy Umbrella plc, Arrowstreet Global Fund V, a sub-fund of Arrowstreet Multi-S, Arrowstreet Global Equity - Alpha Extension Fund, a sub-fund of Arrowstreet US Group Trust, Arrowstreet Global Equity - ACWI Fund, a sub-fund of Arrowstreet US Group Trust, Arrowstreet International Equity - ACWI ex US Fund, a sub-fund of Arrowstreet US Group Trust, Arrowstreet International Equity - EAFE Fund, a sub-fund of Arrowstreet US Group Trust, Arrowstreet Global Minimum Volatility Fund VI, a sub-fund of Arrowstreet Multi-Strategy Umbrella plc, Arrowstreet Capital Global Equity Long/Short Fund (Feeder) Ltd, Arrowstreet Capital Global All Country Alpha Extension Fund Ltd








Last visited companies: Triumph Bancshares, Inc., Vital Financial 2010A, LLC, WESTPORT FUTURES FUND L.P., Waveland Energy Partners LLC, Waveland Insight Fund, LP

								© whoisraisingmoney.com
Daily updated news about investment into startups, hedge funds and private equity companies.

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price International Bond Fund (RPIBX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				International Bond Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				RPIBX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/25/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$8.91
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							-$0.04
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/25/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								8.14%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$8.18
							
							-
							
								$9.47
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$5,240.21

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year





10 Year







				Morningstar rated the International Bond Fund among 
298,
298,
253
and 
126
World Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund's objective is to provide high current income and capital appreciation by investing primarily in high-quality, nondollar-denominated bonds outside the U.S.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/25/2017)
								
							



						
						
							1.29%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							1.27%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							1.27%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					-2.13%
				
			

				
					-2.13%
				
			


3 Years

				
					-2.05%
				
			

				
					-2.05%
				
			


5 Years

				
					-0.05%
				
			

				
					-0.05%
				
			


10 Years

				
					2.84%
				
			

				
					2.84%
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 5.63%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							5.63%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							September 10, 1986
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						0.84%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.84%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						N/A
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
						N/A
					
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			


				The International Bond Fund charges a 2% 
redemption fee on shares held 90 days or less. 
The performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of the redemption fee; 
if it did, the performance would be lower.
			


2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Tue Jul 25 23:13:42 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari














404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                












Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now





































Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















TFFAX





Templeton Foreign Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




























            PRICE AND YTD RETURN
        As of 07/25/2017









            NAV
        

up $0.02


$7.84




            POP


$7.84




            YTD Total return at Nav
        

13.95%












            AVERAGE ANNUAL TOTAL RETURNS
        

As of 
            Quarter end
         06/30/2017



            Sales Charge
        



            On
        


            Off
        






            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        











            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        






            1 YEAR RETURN
        

24.13%




            5 YEAR RETURN
        

9.43%





            10 YEAR RETURN
        

2.65%















            KEY STATS
        


            Read important information about results and other investment disclosures
        







            Investment Category
        


Value





            Distributions
        

Annually




            CUSIP
        

880   196   506




            Fund Number
        

604




            Inception Date
        


Oct 05, 1982




            Total Net Assets
        
            (all share classes)
         As of 06/30/2017



$7,351.7  (M)
        










            Distribution Rate at NAV
        


            N/A
        









            30-Day Standardized yield
        


            N/A
        












            SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES, & FEES
         As of 01/01/2017 
            (updated annually)
        








            Gross Expense Ratio
        

0.97%




            Net Expense Ratio
        

0.97%




            Max Initial Sales Charge
        

0.00%




            CDSC
        

0.00%




            12b-1 Fee
        

0.00%














            Fund Description
        




The fund seeks long-term capital growth by investing at least 80% of its net assets in foreign securities, that are predominantly equity securities of companies located outside of the U.S., including developing markets.



            Strategy Statement
        








"Templeton Foreign Fund has a bottom-up, long-term investment strategy that goes to great lengths in search of undervalued stocks outside of the United States."                                            
                                            












Management







Tucker Scott, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1996
Managed Fund Since 2007










Norman Boersma, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1991
Managed Fund Since 2011










James Harper, CFA®

Joined Franklin Templeton in 2007
Managed Fund Since 2010










Heather Arnold, CFA®, MBA

Joined Franklin Templeton in 1997
Managed Fund Since 2014











            Rating
        







            Overall Morningstar Rating
        

As of 06/30/2017








            Rating Category:
         Foreign Large Value




The fund's overall Morningstar Rating measures risk-adjusted returns and is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its 3-, 5- and 10-year (if applicable) rating metrics.





            Historical Morningstar Rating
         As of 06/30/2017





            Years
        

            Ratings
        

            Fundsin category
        




3



3 
            Stars
        





268


5



4 
            Stars
        






218


10



5 
            Stars
        







133








            Morningstar Style Box
        
As of03/31/2017



            Table Legend
        



            Current
        


            Historical
        






            Historical Style
        


            Current Style
        





            Large
        

            Size
        






            Medium
        






            Small
        



            Value
        

            Blend
        

            Growth
        




            Style
        









            Strategy, Benefits, Results
        



            Strategy
        Our strategy is built upon the following Templeton cornerstones, which have been in place for more than 70 years.

Search Globally. We believe bargains have no borders when searching for the best investment opportunities.
Seek Value. We search worldwide for stocks selling at prices we believe are low relative to their true value.
Perform Fundamental, Bottom-Up Research. We conduct in-person visits and perform extensive fundamental research to model a company's potential future earnings, cash flow and asset value relative to its stock price.
Practice Patient, Long-Term Investing. We evaluate a company's potential for earnings and growth over a five-year horizon.



            Benefits
        
Diversification. By investing primarily in international securities, Templeton Foreign Fund can offer diversification to complement the U.S. portion of your portfolio.
Reduced Volatility. Templeton Foreign Fund has historically experienced less volatility than its benchmark, the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index.
Low Average Turnover Ratio. Our long-term investing approach has historically resulted in a lower than average portfolio turnover ratio.








            Results
        






Hypothetical $10K Investment



















            Investing In The Fund
        

What Are the Risks?

All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal.
Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors.
Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically.
Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe.
Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised.
The fund’s risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.





            Minimum Investment
        

            See Prospectus
        



How Financial Advisors Help You
Speak to your advisor about whether this fund is appropriate for you.
Learn more from FINRA about How to Find and Work with an Investment Professional.







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors. Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically. Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe. Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. The fund's risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Placement is determined by fund portfolio holding figures most recently entered into Morningstar's database and corresponding market conditions. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        












 





Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Templeton Foreign Fund - TFFAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















TFFAX





Templeton Foreign Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




















Performance


Average Annual Total Returns


Calendar Year Returns


Cumulative Total Returns


After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns











Average Annual Total Returns




                    [further-information]
                







Close



Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017








CLOSE ×

                                        Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.










Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures











Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 10/05/1982






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54




MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
21.00
1.27
7.70
1.59
—




MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
9.86













Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 10/05/1982






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
24.13
-0.19
9.43
2.65
10.54



MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
21.00
1.27
7.70
1.59
—



MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
9.84
















Calendar Year Returns





Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
11.99
-6.93
-10.55
27.32
18.89
-12.57
8.87
50.18
-45.98
17.56



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
11.99
-6.93
-10.55
27.32
18.89
-12.57
8.87
50.18
-45.98
17.56



<nobr>MSCI All Country World ex-US Index</nobr> (%)
5.01
-5.25
-3.44
15.78
17.39
-13.33
11.60
42.14
-45.24
17.12















Cumulative Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 10/05/1982





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19



MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
14.45
21.00
3.85
44.93
17.07
—



MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
—
2,267.73












Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 10/05/1982





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
11.19
24.13
-0.58
56.92
29.84
3,150.19



MSCI All Country World ex-US Index (%)
14.45
21.00
3.85
44.93
17.07
—



MSCI EAFE Index (%)
—
—
—
—
—
2,216.82











HYPOTHETICAL $10K INVESTMENT














After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. "Before Shares Sold" figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. "After Shares Sold" figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. &#34;Before Shares Sold&#34; figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. &#34;After Shares Sold&#34; figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures












Month EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29

















Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
23.59
-0.86
8.69
1.45


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
14.19
-0.09
7.56
2.29















SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES & FEES As of  01/01/2017 (updated annually)




Gross Expense Ratio

0.97%



Net Expense Ratio

0.97%



Max Initial Sales Charge

0.00%



CDSC

0.00%






Volatility Measures


                    [further-information]
                







Close



Alpha The difference between a fund's actual returns versus its expected performance, given its level of market risk as measured by beta. A positive alpha indicates the fund performed better than its beta would predict while a negative alpha indicates the fund's under performance based on the expectations indicated by the fund's beta.  Beta A measure of a fund's volatility in relation to the stock market, as measured by a stated index. By definition, the beta of the stated index is 1; a fund with a higher beta has been more volatile than the index, and a fund with a lower beta has been less volatile than the index.  Sharpe Ratio The Sharpe ratio, developed by Nobel Prize winner William Sharpe, provides a measure of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. A higher number indicates better historical risk-adjusted performance.  CorrelationThe linear relationship between two return series. Correlation shows the strength of the relationship between two return series. The higher the relationship, the more similar the returns.  R-Squared This number indicates what percentage of a fund's performance fluctuation can be explained by movements in the benchmark index. R-squared (correlation) ranges from 0 to 100. An R-squared of 100 would mean that the fund is tracking its benchmark exactly. A low R-squared indicates that very few of the fund's movements are explained by movements of its benchmark. R-squared can help determine the significance of the fund's beta. A higher R-squared generally indicates a more useful beta. Lower R-squared means the fund's beta is less relevant to its performance.  Standard Deviation This figure provides a statistical measure of the range of a fund's returns. A high standard deviation indicates a wide range of returns and thus greater volatility.



As of  06/30/2017 Updated Monthly, based on a 3-year period







CLOSE ×

                                
                    [further-information-text]
                







Beta


1.07



Sharpe Ratio


-0.03



Standard Deviation


13.79






Benchmarks

A benchmark is a comparable broad-based index that can be used to evaluate a fund's performance.


MSCI All Country World ex-US Index


MSCI EAFE Index







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Special risks are associated with foreign investing, including currency fluctuations, economic instability and political developments; investments in developing markets involve heightened risks related to the same factors. Currency rates may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time, and can reduce returns. Because the Fund may invest its assets in companies in a specific region, including Europe, it is subject to greater risks of adverse developments in that region and/or the surrounding regions than a fund that is more broadly diversified geographically. Current political and financial uncertainty surrounding the European Union may increase market volatility and the economic risk of investing in companies in Europe. Derivatives, including currency management strategies, involve costs and can create economic leverage in the portfolio which may result in significant volatility and cause the fund to participate in losses (as well as enable gains) on an amount that exceeds the fund's initial investment. The fund may not achieve the anticipated benefits, and may realize losses when a counterparty fails to perform as promised. The fund's risk considerations are discussed in the prospectus.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Placement is determined by fund portfolio holding figures most recently entered into Morningstar's database and corresponding market conditions. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The hypothetical scenario does not take into account federal, state or municipal taxes. If taxes were taken into account, the hypothetical values shown would have been lower.


Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the MSCI All Country World ex-U.S. Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 1/2/97, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis.  Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. The before shares sold calculation assumes taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but does not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. The after shares sold calculation also adjusts for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.

Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        


















 





Franklin High Income Fund - FVHIX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Franklin High Income Fund - FVHIX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















FVHIX





Franklin High Income Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




















Performance


Average Annual Total Returns


Calendar Year Returns


Cumulative Total Returns


After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns











Average Annual Total Returns




                    [further-information]
                







Close



Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017








CLOSE ×

                                        Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.










Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures











Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 12/31/1969






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78




Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
13.04
4.28
6.72
7.22
—













Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 12/31/1969






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
14.90
1.90
5.37
6.45
7.78



Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
13.04
4.28
6.72
7.22
—
















Calendar Year Returns





Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
19.41
-10.06
-0.25
7.79
15.26
4.71
13.86
44.51
-22.43
3.31



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
19.41
-10.06
-0.25
7.79
15.26
4.71
13.86
44.51
-22.43
3.31



<nobr>Credit Suisse High Yield Index</nobr> (%)
18.39
-4.90
1.86
7.53
14.71
5.47
14.42
54.22
-26.17
2.65















Cumulative Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 12/31/1969





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38



Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
4.37
13.04
13.40
38.43
100.85
—












Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 12/31/1969





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
4.37
14.90
5.81
29.90
86.85
3,412.38



Credit Suisse High Yield Index (%)
4.37
13.04
13.40
38.43
100.85
—











HYPOTHETICAL $10K INVESTMENT














After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. "Before Shares Sold" figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. "After Shares Sold" figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. &#34;Before Shares Sold&#34; figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. &#34;After Shares Sold&#34; figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures












Month EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70

















Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
12.11
-0.78
2.57
3.53


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
8.35
0.16
2.83
3.70















SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES & FEES As of  10/01/2016 (updated annually)




Gross Expense Ratio


0.64%



Net Expense Ratio

0.63%



Max Initial Sales Charge

0.00%



CDSC

0.00%






Volatility Measures


                    [further-information]
                







Close



Alpha The difference between a fund's actual returns versus its expected performance, given its level of market risk as measured by beta. A positive alpha indicates the fund performed better than its beta would predict while a negative alpha indicates the fund's under performance based on the expectations indicated by the fund's beta.  Beta A measure of a fund's volatility in relation to the stock market, as measured by a stated index. By definition, the beta of the stated index is 1; a fund with a higher beta has been more volatile than the index, and a fund with a lower beta has been less volatile than the index.  Sharpe Ratio The Sharpe ratio, developed by Nobel Prize winner William Sharpe, provides a measure of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. A higher number indicates better historical risk-adjusted performance.  CorrelationThe linear relationship between two return series. Correlation shows the strength of the relationship between two return series. The higher the relationship, the more similar the returns.  R-Squared This number indicates what percentage of a fund's performance fluctuation can be explained by movements in the benchmark index. R-squared (correlation) ranges from 0 to 100. An R-squared of 100 would mean that the fund is tracking its benchmark exactly. A low R-squared indicates that very few of the fund's movements are explained by movements of its benchmark. R-squared can help determine the significance of the fund's beta. A higher R-squared generally indicates a more useful beta. Lower R-squared means the fund's beta is less relevant to its performance.  Standard Deviation This figure provides a statistical measure of the range of a fund's returns. A high standard deviation indicates a wide range of returns and thus greater volatility.



As of  06/30/2017 Updated Monthly, based on a 3-year period







CLOSE ×

                                
                    [further-information-text]
                







Beta


1.24



Sharpe Ratio


0.21



Standard Deviation


7.82






Benchmarks

A benchmark is a comparable broad-based index that can be used to evaluate a fund's performance.


Credit Suisse High Yield Index







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. The risks associated with higher-yielding, lower-rated securities include higher risk of default and loss of principal. Changes in the financial strength of a bond issuer or in a bond's credit rating may affect its value. In addition, interest rate movements will affect the fund's share price and yield. Bond prices generally move in the opposite direction of interest rates. Thus, as the prices of bonds in the fund adjust to a rise in interest rates, the fund's share price may decline. Investment in foreign securities also involves special risks, including currency fluctuations, and political and economic uncertainty. These and other risk considerations are discussed in the fund's prospectus.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the Credit Suisse High Yield Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The fund's 30-day standardized yield is calculated over a trailing 30-day period using the yield to maturity on bonds and/or the dividends accrued on stocks. It may not equal the fund's actual income distribution rate, which reflects the fund's past dividends paid to shareholders.
The fund's 30-day standardized yield is calculated over a trailing 30-day period using the yield to maturity on bonds and/or the dividends accrued on stocks. It may not equal the fund's actual income distribution rate, which reflects the fund's past dividends paid to shareholders.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. For credit quality of the bonds owned, Morningstar combines credit rating information provided by the fund companies (only using ratings assigned by a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization - "NRSRO") with an average default rate calculation to come up with a weighted-average credit quality. The weighted-average credit quality is currently a letter that roughly corresponds to the scale used by a leading NRSRO. Funds with a low credit quality style box placement are those whose weighted-average credit quality is less than BBB-; medium are those less than AA- but greater or equal to BBB-; and high are those of AA- or higher. When classifying a bond portfolio, Morningstar first maps the NRSRO credit ratings of the underlying holdings to their respective default rates (as determined by Morningstar's analysis of actual historical default rates). Morningstar then averages these default rates to determine the average default rate for the entire bond fund. Finally, Morningstar maps this average default rate to its corresponding credit rating along a convex curve. For interest-rate sensitivity, Morningstar obtains from fund companies the average effective duration. Generally, Morningstar classifies a fixed-income fund's interest-rate sensitivity based on effective duration of the Morningstar Core Bond Index (MCBI), which is currently three years. The classification of Limited will be assigned to those funds whose average effective duration is between 25% to 75% of MCBI's average effective duration; average effective duration between 75% to 125% of the MCBI will be classified as Moderate; and those at 125% or greater of the MCBI will be classified as Extensive. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data.  Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The hypothetical scenario does not take into account federal, state or municipal taxes. If taxes were taken into account, the hypothetical values shown would have been lower.


Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 9/30/17. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 9/30/17. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 9/30/17. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis.  Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. The before shares sold calculation assumes taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but does not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. The after shares sold calculation also adjusts for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.

Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        


















 





Franklin Growth Fund - FCGAX














 


















Toggle Navigation





















Sign In to Investor Site

User ID



Password





Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?


Register Now



Why Register?











Go










Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country














Products & Planning




Mutual FundsAll







Mutual Funds - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives






ProductsAll







Products - All




Closed-End Funds




LibertyShares ETFs




Small Business Retirement Plans




Separately Managed Accounts






Fund ResourcesAll







Fund Resources - All




Fund Ratings




Capital Gains Distributions




Detailed Portfolio Holdings




529 Prices & Performance




Quantity Discounts for Class A Shares






Investment GoalsAll







Investment Goals - All




Investor Stories




Individual Retirement




Education Savings




Charitable Giving








Insights




Our OutlooksAll







Our Outlooks - All




Global Market Viewpoints




Macro News




US Market Perspectives






2017 Global Investment Outlook - June UpdateAll







2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update - All




Global Macro ShiftsAll







Global Macro Shifts - All




Active ViewsAll







Active Views - All




Our BlogsAll







Our Blogs - All









Active Views
Learn More





Resources




LiteratureAll







Literature - All




Order History




Literature Search




Fund Fact Sheets




Fund Prospectuses




Summary Prospectuses




Product Profiles






Investor ToolsAll







Investor Tools - All




Investor Education




Investor Behavior









Open a New Account Online
Opening an account at Franklin Templeton is easier than ever. We offer IRAs and other standard account types.
Start Now






SpryngTM by Franklin Templeton
Spryng is a new crowdfunding tool for college savings where you create a personalized profile and share it with friends and family.
Learn more







Our Approach




Investment ExpertiseAll







Investment Expertise - All




Equity




Fixed Income




Multi-Asset




Alternatives




Franklin Templeton Solutions






Our FirmAll







Our Firm - All




About Franklin Templeton




News Room




Follow Us on Social Media




Contact Us




Franklin Resources Site




CareersAll







Careers - All









Investor Stories
Meet our hypothetical investors.  What will your journey look like?
Read More




Accounts


Open An Account
Open popular accounts online:

Individual Retirement (IRAs)
529 College Savings Plans
Non-Retirement



Tax CenterAll







Tax Center - All




Tax Forms & Statements




Fund Specific Information For Your Tax Returns




Cost Basis Information




Tax FAQs




Account Support HelpAll







Account Support Help - All




Opening an Account




Changing an Account




Account Resources






Forms & ApplicationsAll







Forms & Applications - All




Account Application




IRA Application




Account Options Form




529 Handbook/Application




10 Commonly Used Forms






Sign In / Registration





Sign In




Register for Access




Reset User ID




Reset Password











                    [search.title]
                











Search















Individual Investor



Financial Advisor


RIA



Institutional InvestorOpen separate site







Contact Us


 My Cart (0)
 My Cart (0)




My Cart Summary









View Cart


View cart to edit items or checkout






My Accounts


Sign In/Register




Sign In to Investor Site









Remember me


Sign In


Forgotten User ID -or- Password?







Don't have an account?

Learn More -or- Register Now










United States

Choose Country
























Home



Mutual Funds


                        Franklin Growth Fund - FCGAX
                    





Find a Fund







How to Buy







Print 



Share 








Social 


Twitter




Facebook




LinkedIn




Close




Email 

Email






















FCGAX





Franklin Growth Fund





            Share Class
         Advisor 




            Share Class
         A



            Share Class
         Advisor



            Share Class
         C



            Share Class
         R



            Share Class
         R6





Favorite


                    [favorite]
                




















Performance


Average Annual Total Returns


Calendar Year Returns


Cumulative Total Returns


After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns











Average Annual Total Returns




                    [further-information]
                







Close



Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017








CLOSE ×

                                        Average annual total return shows the investment's average annual change in value over the indicated periods. It is not the same as a year-by-year annual return. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.










Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures











Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 03/31/1948






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34




S&P 500 Index (%)
17.90
9.61
14.63
7.18
—













Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception
Inception 03/31/1948






Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
21.92
10.73
14.87
8.31
10.34



S&P 500 Index (%)
17.90
9.61
14.63
7.18
—
















Calendar Year Returns





Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
8.68
2.20
15.15
29.73
13.98
0.87
15.18
34.57
-33.21
7.39



Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
8.68
2.20
15.15
29.73
13.98
0.87
15.18
34.57
-33.21
7.39



<nobr>S&P 500 Index</nobr> (%)
11.96
1.38
13.69
32.39
16.00
2.11
15.06
26.46
-37.00
5.49















Cumulative Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    Cumulative total return shows the change in the investment's value over the time period indicated. Figures reflect reinvestment of dividends and capital gains.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures










Month EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 03/31/1948





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17



S&P 500 Index (%)
9.34
17.90
31.70
97.92
100.08
—












Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017

YTD
1 Yr
3 Yr
5 Yr
10 Yr
Since Inception

since 03/31/1948





Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
13.77
21.92
35.76
100.01
122.14
91,212.17



S&P 500 Index (%)
9.34
17.90
31.70
97.92
100.08
—











HYPOTHETICAL $10K INVESTMENT














After-Tax Average Annual Total Returns





                    [further-information]
                







Close



After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. "Before Shares Sold" figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. "After Shares Sold" figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.



As of 06/30/2017









CLOSE ×

                                    After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis. Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax return depends on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. &#34;Before Shares Sold&#34; figures assume taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but do not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. &#34;After Shares Sold&#34; figures also adjust for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.









Month End


Quarter End





View Historical Data




Read important information about results and other investment disclosures












Month EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74

















Quarter EndAs of 06/30/2017


1 YR
3 YR
5 YR
10 YR




Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund without Sales Charge (%) (NAV)

After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
Before Shares Sold
20.77
9.99
14.36
8.00


Fund with Sales Charge (%) (POP)
After Shares Sold
13.13
8.24
11.91
6.74















SALES CHARGE, EXPENSES & FEES As of  02/01/2017 (updated annually)




Gross Expense Ratio


0.65%



Net Expense Ratio

0.63%



Max Initial Sales Charge

0.00%



CDSC

0.00%






Volatility Measures


                    [further-information]
                







Close



Alpha The difference between a fund's actual returns versus its expected performance, given its level of market risk as measured by beta. A positive alpha indicates the fund performed better than its beta would predict while a negative alpha indicates the fund's under performance based on the expectations indicated by the fund's beta.  Beta A measure of a fund's volatility in relation to the stock market, as measured by a stated index. By definition, the beta of the stated index is 1; a fund with a higher beta has been more volatile than the index, and a fund with a lower beta has been less volatile than the index.  Sharpe Ratio The Sharpe ratio, developed by Nobel Prize winner William Sharpe, provides a measure of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. A higher number indicates better historical risk-adjusted performance.  CorrelationThe linear relationship between two return series. Correlation shows the strength of the relationship between two return series. The higher the relationship, the more similar the returns.  R-Squared This number indicates what percentage of a fund's performance fluctuation can be explained by movements in the benchmark index. R-squared (correlation) ranges from 0 to 100. An R-squared of 100 would mean that the fund is tracking its benchmark exactly. A low R-squared indicates that very few of the fund's movements are explained by movements of its benchmark. R-squared can help determine the significance of the fund's beta. A higher R-squared generally indicates a more useful beta. Lower R-squared means the fund's beta is less relevant to its performance.  Standard Deviation This figure provides a statistical measure of the range of a fund's returns. A high standard deviation indicates a wide range of returns and thus greater volatility.



As of  06/30/2017 Updated Monthly, based on a 3-year period







CLOSE ×

                                
                    [further-information-text]
                







Beta


0.95



Sharpe Ratio


1.05



Standard Deviation


10.02






Benchmarks

A benchmark is a comparable broad-based index that can be used to evaluate a fund's performance.


S&P 500 Index







You need Adobe Acrobat Reader 6.0 or higher to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.



Important Legal Information

CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are trademarks owned by CFA Institute.
Total Returns include change in share price, assume reinvestment of all distributions, and reflect the deduction of fund expenses and applicable fees. Total Returns With Sales Charge: returns reflect the deduction of the stated sales charge. Total returns, distribution rate, and yields reflect any applicable expense reductions, without which the results for those impacted funds would have been lower.
For more information on any of our funds, contact your financial advisor or download a free prospectus. Investors should carefully consider a fund's investment goals, risks, sales charges and expenses before investing. The prospectus contains this and other information.  Please read the prospectus carefully before investing or sending money.
All investments involve risks, including possible loss of principal. Historically, the fund has focused on larger companies. The fund may also invest in small, relatively new and/or unseasoned companies, which involves additional risks, as the price of these securities can be volatile, particularly over the short term. The fund may focus on particular sectors of the market from time to time, which can carry greater risks of adverse developments in such sectors. In addition, the fund may invest up to 40% of its net assets in stocks of foreign companies, which involve special risks, including currency fluctuations and economic as well as political uncertainty. These and other risks are described more fully in the fund's prospectus.
Most Franklin Templeton funds offer multiple share classes. Share classes are subject to different fees and expenses, which will affect their performance. In general, Class A shares have a maximum initial sales charge; Class C shares have a 1% contingent deferred sales charge; Class Z, Advisor Class and Class R6 shares have no sales charges nor Rule 12b-1 fees; Class R shares have no sales charges, but do have a Rule 12b-1 fee.
Advisor Class shares are only offered to certain eligible investors as stated in the prospectus. They are offered without sales charges or Rule 12b-1 fees. The fund offers multiple share classes, which are subject to different fees and expenses that will affect their performance. Please see the prospectus for details. Change the share class selection in the dropdown at the top of this page in order to see its performance details.
Performance data represents past performance, which does not guarantee future results. Current performance may differ from figures shown. Investment return and principal value will fluctuate with market conditions, and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.

Footnotes

A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of the range of a fund's total returns. In general, a higher standard deviation means greater volatility. Based on the fund's monthly returns over the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
A statistical measurement of a fund's historical risk-adjusted performance. It is calculated by taking a fund's excess return over that of the three-month Treasury bill divided by its standard deviation. Higher values generally indicate better historical risk-adjusted performance. Based on the 3 years ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
The annualized percentage difference between a fund's actual returns and its expected performance given its level of market risk, as measured by beta.  Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the S&P 500 Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the S&P 500 Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Percentage of the fund's returns explained by movements in the S&P 500 Index. 100 equals perfect correlation to the index. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the S&P 500 Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the S&P 500 Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
A measure of the fund's volatility relative to the market, as represented by the S&P 500 Index. A beta greater than 1.00 indicates volatility greater than the market. Based on the 3-year period ended as of the date of the calculation.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Public Offering Price — Purchase price for each share of the fund on a given day. It includes the maximum initial sales charge, if any.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Net Asset Value — The amount per share you would receive if you sold shares that day.
Source: Morningstar®. The style box reveals a fund's investment style. The vertical axis shows the market capitalization of the stocks owned and the horizontal axis shows investment style (value, blend, or growth). Placement is determined by fund portfolio holding figures most recently entered into Morningstar's database and corresponding market conditions. Shaded areas show the past 3 years of quarterly data. Past performance does not guarantee future results.
Source: Morningstar®. For each mutual fund and exchange traded fund with at least a 3-year history, Morningstar calculates a Morningstar Rating™ based on how a fund ranks on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure against other funds in the same category. This measure takes into account variations in a fund's monthly performance, and does not take into account the effects of sales charges, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of funds in each category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The weights are: 100% 3-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% 5-year rating/40% 3-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 5-year rating/20% 3-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent 3-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is included in all three rating periods. Morningstar Rating™ is for the named share class only; other classes may have different performance characteristics. Past performance is not an indicator or a guarantee of future performance.
©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information.
The hypothetical scenario does not take into account federal, state or municipal taxes. If taxes were taken into account, the hypothetical values shown would have been lower.


Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Effective 12/31/96, the fund began offering Advisor Class shares. For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 1/31/18. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 1/31/18. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
The Gross Expense Ratio does not include a fee reduction related to the Fund's investment in a Franklin Templeton money fund and/or other Franklin Templeton fund, contractually guaranteed through 1/31/18. Fund investment results reflect the fee reduction; without this reduction, the results would have been lower. Please see the prospectus for additional information.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
Indices are unmanaged and one cannot invest directly in them. Index returns do not reflect any fees, expenses or sales charges.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
For performance reporting purposes, the inception date for Classes A, R, R6, Z, and Advisor Class shares of all Franklin Templeton Funds is the date of effectiveness of the fund's registration statement or the first day the fund commenced operations. For Class C shares, generally the inception date is the first day the fund commenced offering such shares. Exceptions: Templeton Global Balanced Fund Classes A and C use the inception date of the old Class A and C shares, renamed Class A1 and Class C1. For Franklin Mutual Series Funds, Franklin International Small Cap Growth Fund and Franklin Pelagos Commodities Strategy Fund, the inception date for Classes A, C, R and R6 shares is the funds' oldest class', Z or Advisor, inception date. Franklin U.S. Government Money Fund Class R6 inception date is the first day it commenced offering such shares. For Franklin California Ultra-Short Tax-Free Income Fund Classes A1 and Advisor Class use the inception date of its predecessor, Franklin California Tax-Exempt Money Fund.
After-tax average annual total returns represent the average change in value of an investment on an annualized basis.  Returns are calculated using the highest individual federal income tax rates; state and local taxes are not considered. Your actual after-tax returns depend on your particular tax situation and may differ from those shown. The before shares sold calculation assumes taxes are paid on fund distributions (dividends and capital gains) but does not reflect taxes that may be incurred upon sale or exchange of shares. The after shares sold calculation also adjusts for taxes due if the fund investment is sold at the end of the measurement period.

Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.
Performance quotations for this class reflect the following methods of calculation: a) For periods prior to the fund's Advisor Class inception date, a restated figure is used based on the fund's oldest share class, Class A performance, excluding the effect of Class A's maximum initial sales charge but reflecting the effect of the Class A Rule 12b-1 fees; and b) for periods after the fund's Advisor Class inception date, actual Advisor Class performance is used, reflecting all charges and fees applicable to that class.









×
Important Legal Information


Distributions are made to those who are registered shareholders of the fund on the record date. Distributions are paid on the pay date. Estimates can change prior to the record date depending on market conditions and number of shares outstanding. All dates and distributions are subject to board approval. Net investment income distribution estimates do not include short- or long-term capital gain distributions the funds may be making. The actual amounts of net investment income shareholders will receive will be reported, along with any short-term capital gain distributions, as Ordinary Dividends on Form 1099-DIV.

Close








You need Adobe Acrobat Reader to view and print PDF documents. Download a free version from Adobe's website.
Franklin Templeton Distributors, Inc.





This website is for US residents.



View as:
Individual Investor

Financial Advisor


RIA






Open new website:
Other site:


Institutional Investor







Products & Planning



Mutual Funds


Products


Fund Resources


Investment Goals





Insights



Our Outlooks


2017 Global Investment Outlook - June Update


Global Macro Shifts


Active Views


Our Blogs





Resources



Literature


Investor Tools





Our Approach



Investment Expertise


Our Firm


Careers





Accounts



Tax Center


Account Support Help


Forms & Applications











Help


Site Usage and Accessibility


Privacy Policy


Terms of Use


Anti-Corruption Policy



Copyright © 2017 Franklin Templeton Investments. All Rights Reserved.





Connect with us:

Facebook




LinkedIn



YouTube



Twitter







Top







Close 




                                    You have  in your cart







View cart to edit items, select amounts and checkout





CONTINUE BROWSING



View Cart











CLOSE 



Mandatory Items will be removed


 is associated with the following mandatory items in your cart.



Uncheck any items you wish to keep in your cart





CANCEL



REMOVE ALL CHECKED ITEMS











Alert! You are about to be signed out.


There are literature items in your cart. If you sign out, all items will be removed.

Click "Stay Signed In" to continue your session and keep items in your cart.
Otherwise, click Sign out to end your session and empty your cart.





                                               Sign Out
                                     


Stay Signed In













You can compare a maximum of 4 funds.
Money funds and liquidated funds cannot be added to comparison.





CANCEL














 CLOSE X



















Quarterly commentary discussing fund performance.
View more details







Facebook




Twitter




LinkedIn




Email












Client Use:


(FINRA Letter)



Literature Code:



Format:

 ()


Publication Date:



Next Update:

















Download
Download Unavailable





Add to Cart
Hardcopy Unavailable





 View Cart
                                                        


















 


