


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Manage IT assets with Freshservice









































IT Asset Management Software
Maintain inventory of your IT and non-IT assets and track details throughout its lifecycle. Sign up for free
 











Try Freshservice free for 30 days







First Name






Last Name







Email





Company





.freshservice.com
Service desk name






Phone No.





  




By signing up, you agree to our   T & C   and   privacy policy 



















Get a free demo of Freshservice







First Name






Last Name







Email





Company





No.of agents





Phone No.
















Everything you need to take control of your assets





CMDB


Asset Overview


Asset Mapping


















































Everything you need to take control of your assets


CMDB
View all the assets and contracts used by the organization in a single pane, and see details like its type, location, and the person or department using it.



Asset Overview
View all details of an asset’s lifecycle – from acquisition to expiry. Get context about its usage and plan future asset purchases.



Asset Mapping
Visualize dependencies and relationships with asset relationship map view.










Freshservice features to enhance your service delivery




Incident Management
Resolve tickets raised via email, self-service portal, phone, or in person. Track, prioritize, assign, and automate resolution processes to drive efficiency.





Service Catalog
Offer multiple services for various departments with the service catalog so users can place and receive requests in no time.





Knowledge Base
Create solutions for your incidents, automatically convert it to knowledge base articles, and improve productivity by responding to similar requests with canned responses.





Reporting
Identify bottlenecks, make informed decisions, monitor service desk performance, and improve service delivery with predefined and custom reporting capabilities.





Integrations
Make work simpler with popular third-party integrations and customizable plugins so you can manage services from the single window of your Freshservice account.





Gamification
Integrated game mechanics transforms the service desk to a game and makes work fun by motivating agents with rewards for tasks.




Sign up for freeRequest Demo 


The Freshservice impact on our customers
















““If another organization is frustrated with their current ITSM tool and wants a breath of fresh air, then Freshservice is there ready and waiting.””



          Adam Le Feuvre
        
Project Manager
M&C Saatchi



















“We’ve seen infinite improvements in our service desk with Freshservice. Being an evidence-based business, Freshservice helps us drive intelligent decisions by letting us track data.”



          Tom Peach-Geraghty
        
Head of IT Operations
Unidays



















“Freshservice has helped us improve our ability to serve to requests or queries in an elegant and professional manner. The portal experience is very good.”



          Karthikeyan Rammohan
        
Manager of People Operations
Flipkart



















“Veeva's teams are able to resolve issues in less than 4 hours with more visibility into end-users’ issues in Freshservice.”



          Prasad Ramakrishnan
        
Chief Information Officer
Veeva Systems



















“I was surprised at the speed of implementation, Freshservice was available the next day and ready to use in under a week.”



          Craig Bell
        
IT Service Director
Cordant





























Trusted by over 10,000 customers

















































































































Try Freshservice free for 30 days


Sign up with google
or




Please confirm your company and service desk domain ID








First Name






Last Name







Email





Company





.freshservice.com
Service desk name






Phone No.





  




By signing up, you agree to our   T & C   and   privacy policy 































Cloud Service Desk Software  | Freshservice


















































Freshworks















Cloud Service Desk Software
Online IT solution better than On-premise
Seamlessly integrate and store everything on cloud
GET STARTED FOR FREE

 


Something better than On-premise software.. 
Wary of hosting servers and switching between multiple tools in different locations? You need something reliable to provide reliable data and automated workflows. Here is where cloud service desk software has filled a void. More and more enterprises have started opting for cloud based software over on-premise versions.








Why Choose Cloud service desk software over On-Premise

No or limited capital expenditure
Multiple locations with server on the cloud

Easy configuration and customization
Scalable and systematic workflow
Automated service desk
No worries about storage limits





Why you need Freshservice cloud service desk?
Freshservice SaaS helps you save you thousands of dollars which might be going down the drain with your current or almost non-existent help desk. 
Flexible cloud-based ITSM
Embed Freshservice’s one-touch service on your Android or iOS smartphone and use your cloud based service desk on the go. Add as many agents you require; assign tasks, monitor your agents and CI in just a few clicks. Get unlimited storage on the cloud with no hardware restrictions to boggle you down. 
Multichannel & Go mobile
Access and maintain your help desk from anywhere. You can use your SaaS service desk through different portals without any hiccups. You don’t have to rely on hosted servers or different integrations or applications to get your work running. You can even keep your data secure with periodic backups . 
Cost effective
Freshservice is cost effective, simple and efficient to use. You don’t have to invest in hosting, installing, configuration or any kind of infrastructure. Everything is available on the cloud. Save your valuable time and resources when you use Freshservice; eliminate all the unnecessary things your incompetent service desk makes you do.
Know more about Freshservice Service Desk Software


Need more reasons?? Check out Freshservice ITSM Features

IT Trouble Ticketing Software


IT Service Request Management Tool



IT Asset Management Software


IT Financial Management



ITIL Configuration Management


Service Desk Automation





Get your own ITIL-aligned service desk in 30 seconds

Try Freshservice Now













Freshservice Integrations | Integrate your ITIL Service Desk with tools you are already using!









































Integrate with other apps you use and love
Freshservice fits right into your existing business ecosystem with integrations available for popular business apps. 
Sign up for free

 



Native Integrations














Atlassian JIRA

Map bugs to tasks and tickets from inside Freshservice

Learn more

















Rescue

Share users' screens instantly, and solve problems in real time

Learn more

















FreshBooks

Track time on tasks and tickets, plus get the option of invoicing

Learn more

















G Suite

Sign into your service desk directly from Google Apps with Single Sign On

Learn more

















Harvest

Time tracking and invoicing options in your service desk

Learn more

















SurveyMonkey

Enhance your customer support with meaningful feedback

Learn more

















Zapier

Easy to bridge the gap between your service desk and different applications

Learn more

















Dropbox

Send large files and attachments easily

Learn more

















Bomgar

Provide remote desktop assistance with screen-sharing and secure web-based live chat support

Learn more

















SCCM

Advanced asset discovery module to sync your inventories with the service desk 

Learn more

















Box

Share large files and documents from your service desk 

Learn more

















Amazon web services

Import virtual assets right from cloud storage EC2, RDS and EBS directly to your CMDB

Learn more

















Pagerduty

Incident management system to monitor, schedule and create alerts for all your tickets

Learn more

















Cloudwatch

Convert AWS CloudWatch alarms to tickets and alarm notifications to ticket notes

Learn more

















Quickbooks

Send time spent on tickets to QuickBooks for easy billing

Learn more

















ClearGraph

Interactive real-time reports with custom dashboards

Learn more

















DocuSign

Send contracts for online e-signature and approval from your service desk

Learn more

















Slack

Get alerts and resolve issues right from Slack channels

Learn more

















Office 365

Schedule and sync Freshservice events to your Office 365 Calendar

Learn more

















Salesforce

Import your Salesforce contact information straight into Freshservice

Learn more

















Yammer

Automatically convert your Yammer newsfeed into tickets within your service desk

Learn more

















WorkflowMax

Log time spent on your Freshservice tickets in your WorkflowMax jobs and tasks

Learn more

















Workday

Easily enter new data and create service requests to onboard new employees

Learn more









Get your own ITIL-aligned service desk in 30 seconds
Start your 30-day free trial. No credit card required. No strings attached. 
Sign up for free

 
























Freshservice Pricing Plans | Enterprise ITSM Solution at $0









































Refreshing service management at $0
Enjoy free 30-day Estate trial and free forever on Sprout 




MONTHLY



Save upto 20%

YEARLY







SPROUT
For getting started




                    FREE
                


                      up to 3 agents and 100 assets
                    




100 End UsersIncident ManagementSelf-service PortalKnowledge BaseAsset ManagementAD Integration 




                START TRIAL
              


View details
Hide details






BLOSSOM
Perfect for small teams




$
29



                      /agent/month billed
                        yearly
monthly



                      per additional asset
                    



Everything in Sprout and…

Unlimited End UsersStandard ReportsMultiple Help Desk EmailsCustom Domain MappingTime Tracking  




                START TRIAL
              


View details
Hide details








GARDEN
Ideal for growing teams




$
49



                      /agent/month billed
                        yearly
monthly



                      per additional asset
                    



Everything in Blossom and…

Change, Problem, & Release ManagementMultiple SLAsPriority MatrixScheduled ReportsCustom Roles 




                START TRIAL
              


View details
Hide details






ESTATE
Best value for large teams




$
79



                      /agent/month billed
                        yearly
monthly



                      per additional asset
                    



Everything in Garden and…

Service CatalogEnterprise ReportsProject ManagementEnterprise Security - Custom SSL & Trusted IPContract Management 




                START TRIAL
              


View details
Hide details









24 x 7 email support and 24 x 5 phone support included with all plans
Can’t decide which plan is right for you? 
See our complete feature comparison












Day Passes
Get extra support help for a product launch or other spike
Need extra support help for a product launch or other spike? Day Passes make it easy for you to add extra agents temporarily when you need them. Just add them as occasional agents, buy a few Day Passes, and let them use a day pass for each day they need to access your support.
Read more 









Frequently Asked Questions

How does the 30-day free trial work?After you sign up, you get free unrestricted access to all the features available in Freshservice for 30 days. Thereafter, you can upgrade to a suitable plan.Is my data safe?We take security seriously. Our servers are hosted in a world class data center that is protected by biometric locks and 24-hour surveillance. We ensure that our application is always up to date with the latest security patches. Our data center is EU-US privacy shield compliant and all Freshservice plans include SSL encryption to keep your data safe.Do you have any contracts or cancellation fees?No. We do not have contracts or cancellation fees. You can cancel whenever you want and you will only be billed for that particular month.What types of payment do you accept?We accept Visa, Mastercard, Discover, American Express, and also PayPal. For annual contracts, we accept checks and online transfers in USD, EUR, GBP currencies.Can I upgrade or downgrade anytime?Yes. Freshservice offers a pay-as-you-go service, and you can upgrade, downgrade or cancel at any time. To change your plan, visit 'Plans & Billing' in your Freshservice account.Do you offer any discounts?Yes. Freshservice offers discounts to non-profit organizations, educational institutions and large teams. Contact support@freshservice.com for personalized pricing. Who is an agent? Can I add an agent on short term basis?In Freshservice, an agent can either be full-time or occasional, depending on your requirement. A full-time agent is someone who is part of your core service desk team. An occasional agent is someone who requires access to the service desk only on need-to basis. By default, Freshservice offers 3 free Day Passes at the time of sign up. For adding more occasional agents, you can purchase Day Passes starting from $1. Anybody can be added as an occasional agent, and the admin can define their role and scope of access to the service desk portal.Can I buy features as add-ons? Only some features are available for purchase as add-ons at the moment. Contact support@freshservice.com about customized plans. Have any other questions?If you have questions about Freshservice or the sign up process, please email us at support@freshservice.com and we will be glad to answer all your questions. 






Get Freshservice for iOS and Android
Get extra support help for a product launch or other spike
Freshservice's mobile apps have been thoughtfully designed to help your team stay in touch with users, even when they're not at their desks. With the iOS and Android apps, your team can stay on top of incoming tickets, collaborate with other agents, and respond to issues on the go.





































Arrowpoint Asset Management, LLC                                                                                         - Denver                                            , CO         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CO



Denver



Investment Advice



Manager Of Mutual Funds, Contract Or Fee Basis



                            Arrowpoint Asset Management, LLC
                                    



 





















A 


Arrowpoint Asset Management, LLC                                                                                        
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



100 FILLMORE ST STE 325 DENVER, CO 80206
Get Directions



(303) 398-2929
www.ap-am.com                                                                                           





Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $4,770,131.00
 Employee Count 25
 Industries Manager Of Mutual Funds, Contract Or Fee Basis
 Contacts David Corkins                                                                                                           







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Arrowpoint Asset Management, Llc                                                                                         was founded in 2007, and is located at 100 Fillmore St Ste 325 in Denver. Additional information is available at www.ap-am.com                                                                                            or by contacting David Corkins                                                                                                            at (303) 398-2929. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







A

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















Arrowpoint Asset Management, LLC | Wealthminder











































Arrowpoint Asset Management, LLC


Arrowpoint Asset Management, LLC
(CRD# 149120) is a financial advisory firm headquartered in
Denver, CO.
They
manage $8,071,314,363 in 88 accounts and
serve the financial needs of clients across 4 states (or territories).




Current Firm Details



Arrowpoint Asset Management, LLC




100 Fillmore Street, Suite 325,
Denver,
CO
80206
303-398-2929
http://www.arrowpointpartners.com




http://www.arrowpointpartners.com







By the Numbers






Total Assets Under Management

8,071
MILLION



Total Number of Accounts

88
ACCOUNTS



Average Account Value

$91,719,481







Compensation Options




A percentage of assets under your management
Performance-based fees






Advisory Services Offered




Portfolio management for individuals and/or small businesses
Portfolio management for investment companies (as well as "business development companies")
Portfolio management for pooled investment vehicles (other than investment companies)
Portfolio management for businesses (other than small businesses) or institutional clients








Types of Clients










Registered States






Registered Investment Advisor


Advisors affiliated with a RIA are permitted to work with up to five clients in nearly-all states* without explicit registration. The map below shows states where this firm has explicit registration only.




CA, CO, MA, NY






Financial Advisors at Arrowpoint Asset Management, LLC








No Advisor Found.








Our primary data source is public filings of Form ADV as published by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and made available in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). Supplementary information may be provided by listed advisors or their representatives.
Because many firms provide a variety of products or services, an individual may or may not be registered to operate under all services provided by the firm.Do not rely solely on the information on this page. The information may be inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. For the most accurate and up-to-date information, please search for the firm or individual on the SEC site at
http://www.adviserinfo.sec.gov/IAPD/Content/Search/iapd_Search.aspx







Ready to hire a financial advisor?

Get competitive proposals from multiple advisors.

















Request Proposals























Timeout!



You have been idle and will be logged out in

seconds.


Stay Logged In
Log Out Now
















	ARROWPOINT PARTNERS Trademark of Arrowpoint Asset Management, LLC. Serial Number: 85010281 :: Trademarkia Trademarks





























































Apply Online!
Attorneys

Services 

U.S. Trademark Registration Service 
International Trademark Registration Service 
Trademark Office Action Response 
Trademark Statement of Use 
Trademark Renewal 
Trademark Assignment 
Trademark Watch 
Trademark Cease & Desist  
Trademark Comprehensive Search  
Copyright Registration 
Patent Services 
Incorporation Services 
Business Page Creation 
 More Services... 


Help
Contact Us


Login






















Trademark Search 
Trademark Category
Insurance & Financial Services
ARROWPOINT PARTNERS










 
Get FREE email alerts













ARROWPOINT PARTNERS  Trademark Information
 Arrowpoint Asset Management, LLC
Financial services, namely, management of private investment funds, investment management and investment advice




Perfect for these industries

Insurance & Financial Services





Words that describe this mark
financial   services         management   private   investment   funds      investment   management   investment   advice    
                                    




This is a brand page for the ARROWPOINT PARTNERS trademark by Arrowpoint Asset Management, LLC 
                                in Denver, CO, 80206.
Write a review about a product or service associated with this ARROWPOINT PARTNERS trademark.    
                                Or, contact the owner Arrowpoint Asset Management, LLC of the ARROWPOINT PARTNERS trademark by filing a request to communicate with    
                                the Legal Correspondent for licensing, use, and/or questions related to the ARROWPOINT PARTNERS trademark.
                           






On Friday, April 09, 2010,  a U.S. federal trademark registration was filed for 
                        ARROWPOINT PARTNERS by 
                        Arrowpoint Asset Management, LLC, Denver, CO  80206.
                        The USPTO has given the ARROWPOINT PARTNERS 
                        trademark serial  number of  85010281.  
                        The current federal status of this trademark filing is ABANDONED - EXPRESS.
                        The correspondent listed for ARROWPOINT PARTNERS is 
                        
                        
                                            L. DONALD PRUTZMAN of 
                                            TANNENBAUM HELPERN SYRACUSE & HIRSCHTRIT,  900 3RD AVE, NEW YORK, NY 10022-4728 
                                .
                            The ARROWPOINT PARTNERS trademark is filed in the category of 
                            
                                    Insurance & Financial Services
                                . 
                            The description provided to the USPTO for ARROWPOINT PARTNERS 
                            is Financial services, namely, management of private investment funds, investment management and investment advice. 
                            





Word mark:
 ARROWPOINT PARTNERS


  Status/Status Date:  


ABANDONED - EXPRESS

12/16/2016



  Serial Number:  
85010281


  Filing Date:  
4/9/2010


 Registration Number:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Registration Date:  
NOT AVAILABLE


 Goods and Services: 
Financial services, namely, management of private investment funds, investment management and investment advice


 Mark Description: 
The mark consists of a stylized arrowpoint with a line through it having a solid circle in the center and smaller solid circles on each end above the words "ARROWPOINT PARTNERS" in stylized typeface.


 Type Of Mark: 
Service Mark


 Published For Opposition Date: 
N/A


Last Applicant/Owner:

Arrowpoint Asset Management, LLCDenver, CO  80206
Why is this contact information displayed?  

Why is this contact information displayed? [Close]
The USPTO makes this data available for search by the public so that individuals can locate ownership information for intellectual property, much the same way a county might make real estate property ownership information available.
Since our website is synchronized with the USPTO data, we recommend making any data changes with the USPTO directly. Our website will auto-update when the USPTO data is updated.
You may also contact Trademarkia to make a request for the removal of your personally identifiable information or trademark data.  Such requests must be made in writing and will be subject to verification of ownership.  This policy allows verified trademark owners to specify: (A) that their identifiable information be masked, or (B) that their trademark pages permanently deleted from Trademarkia.com.  
                                                Requests may be made directly to customer.service@trademarkia.com and every effort will be made to honor them within 48 hours. 
Click here for further details.
[Close]




 Mark Drawing Code:  
Drawing/Design + Words


 Design Search: 
See Similar Logos >>



                                                    Other arrows (Heraldry, flags, crowns, crosses, arrows and symbols   -  Arrows) see more design...


                                                    Three circles (Geometric figures and solids   -  Coding and searching guide) see more design...


                                                    Circles that are totally or partially shaded. (Geometric figures and solids   -  Coding and searching guide) see more design...


                                                    Straight line(s), band(s) or bar(s)  (Geometric figures and solids   -   Lines, bands, bars, chevrons and angles) see more design...


                                                    Horizontal line(s), band(s) or bar(s)  (Geometric figures and solids   -   Lines, bands, bars, chevrons and angles) see more design...


                                                    Diagonal line(s), band(s) or bar(s)  (Geometric figures and solids   -   Lines, bands, bars, chevrons and angles) see more design...




Register Type:  
Principal


 Disclaimer:
 ("PARTNERS")


 Correspondent:


L. DONALD PRUTZMAN
TANNENBAUM HELPERN SYRACUSE & HIRSCHTRIT
900 3RD AVE
NEW YORK, NY 10022-4728






 Use in Commerce Trademark - Applicant has provided proof of use of this mark in commerce to USPTO.





Classification Information



Primary Class: 
 Class (036) - Insurance; financial affairs; monetary affairs; real estate affairs. 


First Use Anywhere: 
1/13/2009


First Use In Commerce: 
1/28/2009





Trademarkia is the largest search engine for U.S. trademarks.  Each month hundreds of trademarks around the world are filed by licensed attorneys in the LegalForce/Trademarkia network! You can register your trademark in 170+ countries in the world through LegalForce Network.
 LegalForce Network can help you incorporate a business around your ARROWPOINT PARTNERS trademark in less than 5 minutes.  Trademarkia makes the process easy and convenient, so start now!
 Trademarkia.com is a free search engine of publicly available government records.  Trademarkia.com is not a law firm and does not represent owners & correspondents listed on this page.
Trademark Document Retrieval >>







Trademark - Apply Online!


100% Satisfaction Guarantee protect your valuable brand now.



How it works?
What you get?






1. Legalforce RAPC - #1 U.S. Trademark Filing from 2010 to now.
2. Describe how your business or product is being used. Register your mark in 176+ countries. Just $199 + govt fees! Start here >>






1. Top Global IP Attorneys - Credibility and Experience!
2. All processes will be performed in a timely manner. You will be informed periodically about the process.






Keep Track of this Brand.

 Trademark Watch Services
Keep track of how your trademark is being used. Available in the United States and in more than 176 countries. Round-the-clock monitoring. Monthly report on potential infringement.
                                

Watch this Trademark 

Trademark Watch Services read more...

Current Trademark Status:

12/16/2016
ABANDONED - EXPRESS


Free Trademark Search:






Correspondent Search:



L. DONALD PRUTZMAN


                                             
                                         is a correspondent of ARROWPOINT PARTNERS trademark. 
                            	    


Current Overall Rating:

 (0 review)
                            
What You Can Do:




Start Your Business



FREE Logo Creator



Add to Favorites



View Documents



FREE Trademark Search



Start Trademark Filing Process



Protect this Mark Internationally



Custom Logo Design $159



Search arrowpointpartners on popular social networks






                                Trademarkia lets you see how your 
                                personal name, product name, 
                                trademark name or username is being used on any of 530+ new 
                                and popular social networks.  
                                Be the first to reserve your name  and get help stopping others from using it - all in one place!















Trademark Oppose Service


You can request for Extension of Time to Oppose this mark or Oppose it now.



                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 







Status Update Alerts

Status Update Alerts are email updates of the latest trademark status change. Please make sure you provide the correct email. 


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password;
                 

                 - If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password.
                


* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



* 



 Please enter the value




 

  
                             



 









Review & Rating

Please Rate and Review for ARROWPOINT PARTNERS 




ARROWPOINT PARTNERS is providing Financial services, namely, management of private investment funds, investment management and investment advice.
                


                 - If you are new to LegalForce/Trademarkia, please just enter your contact email and create a password to be associated with your review.
                 

                 If you already have a LegalForce/Trademarkia account, please enter your account's email and password before posting your review.
                 


* Please Rate: 


     




* Your Review: 



 Please enter your review.



* Email Address: 


 Please enter your email address



* Enter Password: 


 Please enter your password



 

  
                             



 


















 





Arrowpoint | Meridian Funds











 















Meridian Fund




Search





Search























	Investment Adviser

 
ArrowMark Colorado Holdings, LLC (ArrowMark) is the Investment Adviser for Meridian Funds. ArrowMark is a fundamental research-based investment manager focused on matching client needs with skilled human capital.The company believes that quality asset management is derived from the synthesis of the following core principles:Experience

Investment team with a strong track record of success
Comprehensive understanding across capital structures and strategies
Command of risk/reward honed through market cycles
Research

Rooted in an intensive fundamental research process
Focus on long-term returns and managing downside risk
Long-term investment horizon
Partnership

Employees work as a team in a collaborative culture
Long-term client relationships
100% privately held by partners
 



Quick Fund Finder




Select Fund



Select Fund
Meridian Growth Fund
Meridian Contrarian Fund
Meridian Equity Income Fund
Meridian Small Cap Growth











 












Back to Top













Casetext
Search results include cases, statutes, and regulations, as well as relevant analysis by leading lawyers, law firms, and academics.CARAHomeCARAFeaturesAboutPricingGet a DemoGet a DemoLog In

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 







Arrowpoint Capital Corp. v. Arrowpoint Asset Management LLC et al































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help










March  1, 2010
Arrowpoint Capital Corp. v. Arrowpoint Asset Management LLC et al



Track this case


Case Number:
1:10-cv-00161
Court:
Delaware
Nature of Suit:
Trademark
Judge:
Gregory M. Sleet
Firms

Fox Rothschild
Parkowski Guerke
Richards Layton

Companies

Arrowpoint Capital
Bank of America Corporation

Sectors & Industries:


Financial

Insurance Brokers
Money Center Banks










View recent docket activity


Reflects complaints, answers, motions, orders and trial notes entered from Jan. 1, 2011.Additional or older documents may be available in Pacer.




Parties
To view the parties, register now.



Try Law360 FREE for seven days
Already a subscriber? Click here to login

















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In




























ARROWMARK COLORADO HOLDINGS LLC Institutional Portfolio - NASDAQ.com






























































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
	Quotes > 
	Ownership & Insider Trades > 
    Institutional Portfolio






ARROWMARK COLORADO HOLDINGS LLC






100 FILLMORE STREET, DENVER,  Colorado, 80206, (303) 398-2929


Report Date: 03/31/2017

Position Statistics


Total Positions
304


New Positions
21


Increased Positions
147


Decreased Positions
95


Positions with Activity
242


Sold Out Positions
15


Total Mkt Value (in $ millions)
7,750



Institutional Holdings information is filed by major institutions on form 13-F with the Securities and Exchange Commission.



Sector Weighting



Energy
2.48%


Basic Materials
1.17%


Industrials
24.64%


Consumer Cyclicals
12.35%


Consumer Non-Cyclicals
3.07%


Financials
9.21%


Healthcare
21.3%


Technology
25.57%


Telecommunication Services
0.15%


Utilities
0.06%









Total Positions




New




Increased




Decreased




Activity




Sold Out






304 Positions as of 03/31/2017


Company

Class

Value of Shares ($1,000s) ▼

Change in Value ($1,000s)

Change (%)

Shares Held



TRINET GROUP INC
COM
182,005
18,722
11.47
5,478,779


INC RESH HLDGS INC
CL A
170,580
36,667
27.38
2,995,261


GARTNER INC
COM
168,747
13,379
8.61
1,313,615


2U INC
COM
166,959
29,922
21.84
3,315,971


SERVICEMASTER GLOBAL HLDGS INC
COM
154,611
11,936
8.37
3,946,182


LPL FINL HLDGS INC
COM
150,085
11,910
8.62
3,313,864


CARTER'S, INC.
COM
141,867
47,405
50.18
1,614,880


CLEAN HARBORS INC
COM
140,277
10,681
8.24
2,492,478


SENSATA TECHNOLOGIES HLDG NV
SHS
134,966
11,342
9.18
2,995,921


SALLY BEAUTY HLDGS INC
COM
131,330
13,069
11.05
6,808,175


CADENCE DESIGN SYSTEM INC
COM
123,497
-35,362
(22.26)
3,521,429


HEICO CORP NEW
CL A
116,974
-6,760
(5.46)
1,710,148


WOLVERINE WORLD WIDE INC
COM
115,879
-162
(0.14)
4,302,960


GRAND CANYON ED INC
COM
115,493
-15,347
(11.73)
1,499,321


SS&C TECHNOLOGIES HLDGS INC
COM
112,844
14,644
14.91
2,844,579


STERIS PLC
SHS USD
112,375
24,134
27.35
1,357,681


EXACT SCIENCES CORP
COM
110,376
-11,767
(9.63)
2,798,583


FORWARD AIR CORP
COM
103,636
-458
(0.44)
1,928,825


TRIMBLE INC
COM
102,749
6,286
6.52
2,689,754


TENNANT CO
COM
99,517
6,355
6.82
1,346,650




<< first< previous1234510121416next >last >>








Latest News Headlines




                            ATOS :Monthly information relating to the total number of voting rights and shares making up the sh
                        



	                     5:51AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            United Community Banks, Inc. Announces Second Quarter Earnings
                        



	                     5:30AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Another note of caution on European stocks as Credit Suisse says euro strength could bite
                        



	                     5:19AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Indonesia closer to mining deal with Freeport, but hurdles remain
                        



	                     5:14AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            U.S. regulatory scrutiny scuppers deal for unit of China's HNA
                        



	                     4:58AM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines



































CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Manage IT assets with Freshservice









































IT Asset Management Software
Maintain inventory of your IT and non-IT assets and track details throughout its lifecycle. Sign up for free
 











Try Freshservice free for 30 days







First Name






Last Name







Email





Company





.freshservice.com
Service desk name






Phone No.





  




By signing up, you agree to our   T & C   and   privacy policy 



















Get a free demo of Freshservice







First Name






Last Name







Email





Company





No.of agents





Phone No.
















Everything you need to take control of your assets





CMDB


Asset Overview


Asset Mapping


















































Everything you need to take control of your assets


CMDB
View all the assets and contracts used by the organization in a single pane, and see details like its type, location, and the person or department using it.



Asset Overview
View all details of an asset’s lifecycle – from acquisition to expiry. Get context about its usage and plan future asset purchases.



Asset Mapping
Visualize dependencies and relationships with asset relationship map view.










Freshservice features to enhance your service delivery




Incident Management
Resolve tickets raised via email, self-service portal, phone, or in person. Track, prioritize, assign, and automate resolution processes to drive efficiency.





Service Catalog
Offer multiple services for various departments with the service catalog so users can place and receive requests in no time.





Knowledge Base
Create solutions for your incidents, automatically convert it to knowledge base articles, and improve productivity by responding to similar requests with canned responses.





Reporting
Identify bottlenecks, make informed decisions, monitor service desk performance, and improve service delivery with predefined and custom reporting capabilities.





Integrations
Make work simpler with popular third-party integrations and customizable plugins so you can manage services from the single window of your Freshservice account.





Gamification
Integrated game mechanics transforms the service desk to a game and makes work fun by motivating agents with rewards for tasks.




Sign up for freeRequest Demo 


The Freshservice impact on our customers
















““If another organization is frustrated with their current ITSM tool and wants a breath of fresh air, then Freshservice is there ready and waiting.””



          Adam Le Feuvre
        
Project Manager
M&C Saatchi



















“We’ve seen infinite improvements in our service desk with Freshservice. Being an evidence-based business, Freshservice helps us drive intelligent decisions by letting us track data.”



          Tom Peach-Geraghty
        
Head of IT Operations
Unidays



















“Freshservice has helped us improve our ability to serve to requests or queries in an elegant and professional manner. The portal experience is very good.”



          Karthikeyan Rammohan
        
Manager of People Operations
Flipkart



















“Veeva's teams are able to resolve issues in less than 4 hours with more visibility into end-users’ issues in Freshservice.”



          Prasad Ramakrishnan
        
Chief Information Officer
Veeva Systems



















“I was surprised at the speed of implementation, Freshservice was available the next day and ready to use in under a week.”



          Craig Bell
        
IT Service Director
Cordant





























Trusted by over 10,000 customers

















































































































Try Freshservice free for 30 days


Sign up with google
or




Please confirm your company and service desk domain ID








First Name






Last Name







Email





Company





.freshservice.com
Service desk name






Phone No.





  




By signing up, you agree to our   T & C   and   privacy policy 































Cloud Service Desk Software  | Freshservice


















































Freshworks















Cloud Service Desk Software
Online IT solution better than On-premise
Seamlessly integrate and store everything on cloud
GET STARTED FOR FREE

 


Something better than On-premise software.. 
Wary of hosting servers and switching between multiple tools in different locations? You need something reliable to provide reliable data and automated workflows. Here is where cloud service desk software has filled a void. More and more enterprises have started opting for cloud based software over on-premise versions.








Why Choose Cloud service desk software over On-Premise

No or limited capital expenditure
Multiple locations with server on the cloud

Easy configuration and customization
Scalable and systematic workflow
Automated service desk
No worries about storage limits





Why you need Freshservice cloud service desk?
Freshservice SaaS helps you save you thousands of dollars which might be going down the drain with your current or almost non-existent help desk. 
Flexible cloud-based ITSM
Embed Freshservice’s one-touch service on your Android or iOS smartphone and use your cloud based service desk on the go. Add as many agents you require; assign tasks, monitor your agents and CI in just a few clicks. Get unlimited storage on the cloud with no hardware restrictions to boggle you down. 
Multichannel & Go mobile
Access and maintain your help desk from anywhere. You can use your SaaS service desk through different portals without any hiccups. You don’t have to rely on hosted servers or different integrations or applications to get your work running. You can even keep your data secure with periodic backups . 
Cost effective
Freshservice is cost effective, simple and efficient to use. You don’t have to invest in hosting, installing, configuration or any kind of infrastructure. Everything is available on the cloud. Save your valuable time and resources when you use Freshservice; eliminate all the unnecessary things your incompetent service desk makes you do.
Know more about Freshservice Service Desk Software


Need more reasons?? Check out Freshservice ITSM Features

IT Trouble Ticketing Software


IT Service Request Management Tool



IT Asset Management Software


IT Financial Management



ITIL Configuration Management


Service Desk Automation





Get your own ITIL-aligned service desk in 30 seconds

Try Freshservice Now













Freshservice Integrations | Integrate your ITIL Service Desk with tools you are already using!









































Integrate with other apps you use and love
Freshservice fits right into your existing business ecosystem with integrations available for popular business apps. 
Sign up for free

 



Native Integrations














Atlassian JIRA

Map bugs to tasks and tickets from inside Freshservice

Learn more

















Rescue

Share users' screens instantly, and solve problems in real time

Learn more

















FreshBooks

Track time on tasks and tickets, plus get the option of invoicing

Learn more

















G Suite

Sign into your service desk directly from Google Apps with Single Sign On

Learn more

















Harvest

Time tracking and invoicing options in your service desk

Learn more

















SurveyMonkey

Enhance your customer support with meaningful feedback

Learn more

















Zapier

Easy to bridge the gap between your service desk and different applications

Learn more

















Dropbox

Send large files and attachments easily

Learn more

















Bomgar

Provide remote desktop assistance with screen-sharing and secure web-based live chat support

Learn more

















SCCM

Advanced asset discovery module to sync your inventories with the service desk 

Learn more

















Box

Share large files and documents from your service desk 

Learn more

















Amazon web services

Import virtual assets right from cloud storage EC2, RDS and EBS directly to your CMDB

Learn more

















Pagerduty

Incident management system to monitor, schedule and create alerts for all your tickets

Learn more

















Cloudwatch

Convert AWS CloudWatch alarms to tickets and alarm notifications to ticket notes

Learn more

















Quickbooks

Send time spent on tickets to QuickBooks for easy billing

Learn more

















ClearGraph

Interactive real-time reports with custom dashboards

Learn more

















DocuSign

Send contracts for online e-signature and approval from your service desk

Learn more

















Slack

Get alerts and resolve issues right from Slack channels

Learn more

















Office 365

Schedule and sync Freshservice events to your Office 365 Calendar

Learn more

















Salesforce

Import your Salesforce contact information straight into Freshservice

Learn more

















Yammer

Automatically convert your Yammer newsfeed into tickets within your service desk

Learn more

















WorkflowMax

Log time spent on your Freshservice tickets in your WorkflowMax jobs and tasks

Learn more

















Workday

Easily enter new data and create service requests to onboard new employees

Learn more









Get your own ITIL-aligned service desk in 30 seconds
Start your 30-day free trial. No credit card required. No strings attached. 
Sign up for free

 
























Freshservice Pricing Plans | Enterprise ITSM Solution at $0









































Refreshing service management at $0
Enjoy free 30-day Estate trial and free forever on Sprout 




MONTHLY



Save upto 20%

YEARLY







SPROUT
For getting started




                    FREE
                


                      up to 3 agents and 100 assets
                    




100 End UsersIncident ManagementSelf-service PortalKnowledge BaseAsset ManagementAD Integration 




                START TRIAL
              


View details
Hide details






BLOSSOM
Perfect for small teams




$
29



                      /agent/month billed
                        yearly
monthly



                      per additional asset
                    



Everything in Sprout and…

Unlimited End UsersStandard ReportsMultiple Help Desk EmailsCustom Domain MappingTime Tracking  




                START TRIAL
              


View details
Hide details








GARDEN
Ideal for growing teams




$
49



                      /agent/month billed
                        yearly
monthly



                      per additional asset
                    



Everything in Blossom and…

Change, Problem, & Release ManagementMultiple SLAsPriority MatrixScheduled ReportsCustom Roles 




                START TRIAL
              


View details
Hide details






ESTATE
Best value for large teams




$
79



                      /agent/month billed
                        yearly
monthly



                      per additional asset
                    



Everything in Garden and…

Service CatalogEnterprise ReportsProject ManagementEnterprise Security - Custom SSL & Trusted IPContract Management 




                START TRIAL
              


View details
Hide details









24 x 7 email support and 24 x 5 phone support included with all plans
Can’t decide which plan is right for you? 
See our complete feature comparison












Day Passes
Get extra support help for a product launch or other spike
Need extra support help for a product launch or other spike? Day Passes make it easy for you to add extra agents temporarily when you need them. Just add them as occasional agents, buy a few Day Passes, and let them use a day pass for each day they need to access your support.
Read more 









Frequently Asked Questions

How does the 30-day free trial work?After you sign up, you get free unrestricted access to all the features available in Freshservice for 30 days. Thereafter, you can upgrade to a suitable plan.Is my data safe?We take security seriously. Our servers are hosted in a world class data center that is protected by biometric locks and 24-hour surveillance. We ensure that our application is always up to date with the latest security patches. Our data center is EU-US privacy shield compliant and all Freshservice plans include SSL encryption to keep your data safe.Do you have any contracts or cancellation fees?No. We do not have contracts or cancellation fees. You can cancel whenever you want and you will only be billed for that particular month.What types of payment do you accept?We accept Visa, Mastercard, Discover, American Express, and also PayPal. For annual contracts, we accept checks and online transfers in USD, EUR, GBP currencies.Can I upgrade or downgrade anytime?Yes. Freshservice offers a pay-as-you-go service, and you can upgrade, downgrade or cancel at any time. To change your plan, visit 'Plans & Billing' in your Freshservice account.Do you offer any discounts?Yes. Freshservice offers discounts to non-profit organizations, educational institutions and large teams. Contact support@freshservice.com for personalized pricing. Who is an agent? Can I add an agent on short term basis?In Freshservice, an agent can either be full-time or occasional, depending on your requirement. A full-time agent is someone who is part of your core service desk team. An occasional agent is someone who requires access to the service desk only on need-to basis. By default, Freshservice offers 3 free Day Passes at the time of sign up. For adding more occasional agents, you can purchase Day Passes starting from $1. Anybody can be added as an occasional agent, and the admin can define their role and scope of access to the service desk portal.Can I buy features as add-ons? Only some features are available for purchase as add-ons at the moment. Contact support@freshservice.com about customized plans. Have any other questions?If you have questions about Freshservice or the sign up process, please email us at support@freshservice.com and we will be glad to answer all your questions. 






Get Freshservice for iOS and Android
Get extra support help for a product launch or other spike
Freshservice's mobile apps have been thoughtfully designed to help your team stay in touch with users, even when they're not at their desks. With the iOS and Android apps, your team can stay on top of incoming tickets, collaborate with other agents, and respond to issues on the go.



































