

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version















	Research & Technology | Hexcel


















Contact | 
Global Locations
|



English
Français
Deutsch
Español
Русский
中文(简体)









Home




HomeProductsCarbon FiberFabrics/ReinforcementsPrepregs & ResinsAdhesivesHoneycombToolingParts & StructuresMarketsCommercial AerospaceSpace and DefenseIndustrialResourcesData SheetsProduct Selector GuidesTechnology ManualsBrochuresCalculatorsConference Papers & ArticlesLearning LibraryVideo GalleryFAQsTerms and Conditions of SaleInvestor RelationsAnalystsAnnual ReportsCalendarCorporate GovernanceDividend & Stock Split HistoryEarnings EstimatesFundamentalsInsider Transaction FilingsInvestor NewsPresentationsRequest InformationSEC FilingsStock InformationCorporate CitizenshipProxy MaterialsOtherNewsNews ReleasesEventsAboutTechnology BreakthroughsResearch & TechnologyHistory & TimelineGlobal LocationsSafety & Social ResponsibilityOfficial DistributorsLeadershipSite CertificationsCareersWhy HexcelOur ValuesWhat We Look ForAffirmative Action (U.S.)Pay Transparency (U.S.)Early Career ProgramStudent OpportunitiesCareer FairsJob Search



Toggle navigation







Site Search












About / Research & Technology


















Research & Technology


Hexcel employs more than 250 people who work in research and technology, and the company has more than 1,350 patents and pending applications worldwide.Many of our manufacturing sites have research and technology centers where scientists and engineers work on projects specific to the location. In addition, we have primary R&T centers in the U.S. (Dublin, California) and Europe (Duxford, Cambridgeshire, U.K.). Our new state-of-the-art research center at Duxford demonstrates our commitment to continued innovation. The center opened in May 2016 and is our largest center for research into resin systems and adhesives. Hexcel Duxford also is our center of excellence for process technology including product scale-up and research into new processes for making composite materials, including quality control methods. The new Innovation Center is supporting the growing worldwide demand for composite materials for aerospace and industrial markets. The building houses Hexcel’s chemistry and product development functions and is fully equipped with state-of-the-art formulation and analytical laboratories, mixer rooms, and microscopy and SEM laboratories.




Technical Fields








 About


CareersAccelerate Your Career with HexcelHexcel offers job opportunities around the world to the best and brightest minds.


Latest News



                07/24/2017
            

                Hexcel Reports 2017 Second Quarter Results
            

View all News



Technology Breakthroughs






                HexPly® M77 Prepreg
            
View All













Products

Carbon Fiber
Fabrics/​Reinforcements
Prepregs & Resins
Redux® Adhesives
Honeycomb
Tooling
Parts & Structures

Markets

Commercial Aerospace
Space and Defense
Industrial



Resources

Data Sheets
Product Selector Guides
Technology Manuals
Brochures
Calculators
Conference Papers & Articles
Learning Library
Video Gallery
FAQs
Terms and Conditions of Sale





Investor Relations



Analysts
Annual Reports
Calendar
Corporate Governance
Dividend & Stock Split History
Earnings Estimates
Fundamentals
Insider Transaction Filings
Investor News




Presentations
Request Information
SEC Filings
 Stock Information
Corporate Citizenship
Proxy Materials
Other







About

Technology Breakthroughs
Research & Technology
History & Timeline
Global Locations
Safety & Social Responsibility
Official Distributors
Leadership
Site Certifications



Contact 

Hexcel Corporation
281 Tresser Blvd.,
16th Floor
Stamford, CT 06901, USA
203-969-0666

Global Locations
Explore Careers









Home

©2017 Hexcel Corporation
|
Terms & Conditions
|
Site Map
|
Privacy Policy


Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn


Website by Moncur















search






Home
HomeProductsCarbon FiberFabrics/ReinforcementsPrepregs & ResinsAdhesivesHoneycombToolingParts & StructuresMarketsCommercial AerospaceSpace and DefenseIndustrialResourcesData SheetsProduct Selector GuidesTechnology ManualsBrochuresCalculatorsConference Papers & ArticlesLearning LibraryVideo GalleryFAQsTerms and Conditions of SaleInvestor RelationsAnalystsAnnual ReportsCalendarCorporate GovernanceDividend & Stock Split HistoryEarnings EstimatesFundamentalsInsider Transaction FilingsInvestor NewsPresentationsRequest InformationSEC FilingsStock InformationCorporate CitizenshipProxy MaterialsOtherNewsNews ReleasesEventsAboutTechnology BreakthroughsResearch & TechnologyHistory & TimelineGlobal LocationsSafety & Social ResponsibilityOfficial DistributorsLeadershipSite CertificationsCareersWhy HexcelOur ValuesWhat We Look ForAffirmative Action (U.S.)Pay Transparency (U.S.)Early Career ProgramStudent OpportunitiesCareer FairsJob Search


                            Hexcel Corporation
                            281 Tresser Blvd.,
                            16th Floor
                            Stamford, CT 06901, USA
203-969-0666




















  Art as Research


  Stephen Wilson, Professor Conceptual Design, San Francisco State University.
  swilson@sfsu.edu. Copyright, 1996



  Cultural Importance of Scientific Research & Technology Development


The arts are perplexed about what to do in response to the growing importance
of scientific and technological research in shaping culture. One response
positions artists as consumers of the new tools, using them to create new
images, sounds, and video; another response sees artists emphasizing the
critical functions of art to comment on the developments from the distance;
a final approach urges artists to enter into the heart of research as core
participants. See my paper "Dark & Light Visions" ( SIGGRAPH Visual
Proceedings, Art Show Catalog, ACM, Chicago, 1993. Also available at
http://userwww.sfsu.edu/~swilson)
for a more detailed analysis.

It is a critical error to conceive of contemporary research as merely a technical
enterprise; it has profound practical and philosophical implications for
the culture. The shaping of research and development agendas could benefit
from the involvement of a wider range of participants including artists.

Scientific and technological research is not as "objective" as many of its
practitioners would like to believe. While some of its practices strive toward
objectivity, the whole enterprise is subject to larger political, economic,
and social forces. Historians of science and technology have documented the
winds that determine what research ends up getting supported, promoted, and
accepted and what products win in the marketplace. Thomas Kuhn's The Structure
of Scientific Revolutions (University of Chicago Press, 1970) shows how paradigms
dominate thought and scientific practice until new paradigms develop. Many
possibly significant theories and technologies are ignored.

As research increases in general cultural importance, it becomes more dangerous
to accept this triage as inevitable. Valuable lines of inquiry die from lack
of support because they are not within favor of particular scientific
disciplines. New technologies with fascinating potential are abandoned because
they are judged not marketable. Our culture must develop methods to avoid
the premature snuffing of valuable lines of inquiry and development. I believe
the arts can fill a critical role as an independent zone of research. Everyday
life is increasingly dominated by the objects and cultural forms created
by technology research. For example, telephones, computers, entertainment
systems, medical equipment, transportation systems, governmental and policing
systems, and product distribution technologies shape the ways people in the
developed world spend their days, interact with others, and conceptualize
the present and the future. The output of technology research is not confined
to small technical niches. Theorists such as Baudrillard and Virilio, for
example, expose the hidden assumptions, shaping of categories and pervasive
consequences of technology.

Scientific research similarly reaches beyond narrow academic questions.
Astronomers attempt to understand the origins and shape of the universe.
Breaking with all prior human history, they can look at the universe using
radio wave, ultraviolet, and infrared "eyes" and see a universe quite different
than what has been known. Biologists increasingly unravel mysteries of life
and invent methods for manipulating the genetic heart of life. Scientific
research will have profound practical and philosophical implications.

Survey
of areas of emerging research of interest to artists


  What is an Appropriate Role for the Arts?


Throughout the last centuries (after Leonardo) during which science and
technology have been increasing in importance, the arts have failed to develop
a viable role. Often they have tried to ignore these developments and treat
them as peripheral to the core of culture. Even when artists did attend to
these developments, they did so as distant commentators, sniping from the
audience, often without deep understanding of the world views and processes
of scientific research. I believe there is a much stronger role for the arts
in which artists integrate critical commentary with high level knowledge
and participation in the science and technology worlds.

For the last sixteen years I have been exploring this approach of artist
as researcher. I have incorporated the monitoring of research developments
into my artistic discipline. I monitor science and technology journals,
participate in on-line forums, and attend technology trade shows and academic
meetings. I engage the developers in discussion about their products. I have
been appointed as beta tester and developer for several technology companies
and acted as artist in residence in corporate research centers. I have functioned
as an inventor and won a patent for a method I developed to integrate interactive
electronics with print.

Emerging technologies are my medium. I seek them out before they become widely
known. I focus on them to understand where they come from, where they might
go, and what might be their cultural implications. I experiment with them
to see if they have unexplored potentials.

These years as a shadow researcher have been illuminating. I have read in
the literature of intriguing developments that never saw the light of day.
I have seen many inventions and emerging technologies killed because marketing
departments judged that no money could be made. I have seen entire R&D
departments and their years of research blown away by the winds of corporate
politics. Government and corporate support for basic research has almost
disappeared and the concern with the bottom line has shortened the payback
horizon to the point that few risks are taken. I have encountered debates
in the scientific community that devalue approaches that do not fit the paradigms
currently in favor.

I am worried that the invisible hand of the marketplace might not be so wise
as many would like to believe. The judgments that make short term sense for
stockholders do not make sense for the culture. The peer review referees
of scientific journals cannot always see beyond their disciplinary blinders.
Many good ideas are orphaned, unheeded in the wilderness. Scientific and
technological research are so critical that we cannot afford the premature
elimination of these ideas and efforts that do not find favor through traditional
channels.

The arts can function as an independent zone of research. They could become
the place where abandoned, discredited, and unorthodox inquires could be
pursued. They might very well value research according to criteria quite
different from those of the commercial and scientific worlds. The roles of
artists could incorporate other roles such as researcher, inventor, hacker,
and entrepreneur. Even within research labs artist participation in research
teams could add a perspective that could help drive the research process.
(See my editorial, "Industrial Research Artist" Leonardo, vol 17:no.2 - 1984).
Several traditions of the arts uniquely equip them for this function:




    Artistic traditions of iconoclasm mean that artists are likely to take up
    lines of inquiry devalued by others.
  
    The valuing of social commentary means that artists are likely to integrate
    widely ranging cultural issues in their research.
  
    Artists are more likely to incorporate criteria such as celebration and wonder
    than commercial enterprizes.
  
    The art's interest in communication means that artists could bring the scientific
    and technological possibilities to a wider public better than peers in other
    fields.
  
    Artistic valuing of creativity and innovation meant that new perspectives
    might be applied to inquiries.


The recent history of the personal computer illustrates the need for this
independent research function and the role the arts might serve. Early developers
such as Apple Computer founders Steve Wozniak and Steve Jobs found little
support for their ideas about the personal computer from the companies they
worked for. Supervisors signed waivers on the ideas because they could not
imagine any market for a desktop computer used by individuals. Similarly,
the discipline of computer science was mostly uninterested in software and
hardware issues related to these computers. Advances often came from individuals
who worked outside traditional academic and business channels. Teenagers
became world experts and artists made significant contributions in the
development of interface design and image/ sound processing.

Similarly demonstrating the value of art-research cross fertilization , the
SIGGRAPH (ACM international organization for computer graphics research)
annual meetings have included an art show since their beginnings. These shows
have been influential in several ways. Artists have been able to learn about
emerging computer graphics research and technologies long before they became
products to the extent that they could start experimenting with them. In
parallel fashion, researchers have become acquainted with artistic work that
pushed the technology in unanticipated directions and offered ideas for new
research directions.

If the culture had to rely only on traditional lines of research, we might
have had to wait much longer for the developments that have profoundly shaped
the last decades. This story potentially could be repeated many times in
many other fields of inquiry if alternative venues for research are developed.
The arts could well serve this function if artists are prepared to learn
the knowledge, language, work styles, self discipline, and information networks
that are instrumental in their fields of interest.


  Preparing Artist/ Researchers


What must artists do differently than they always have done to prepare to
participate in the world of research. They must broaden their definitions
of art materials and contexts. They must become curious about scientific
and technological research and acquire the skills and knowledge that will
allow them to significantly participate in these worlds. (See my article
"Research and Development as Source of Ideas and Inspiration for Artists"
- Leonardo vol 24:no. 3 1991- for examples of research that could be of interest
for artists.) They must expand conventional notions of what constitutes an
artistic education. The parameters of the science and technology education
required is not yet clear. Can artists find the right mix of objective and
subjective processes? Can artists learn enough to engage in research at a
non-dilettante level? Scientists and technology researchers who have devoted
their entire professional lives to educating themselves about topics being
investigated might be sceptical.

At the same time artists must keep alive artistic traditions of iconoclasm,
critical perspectives, play, and sensual communication with audiences. They
must be willing to undertake art explorations that do not neatly fit in
historically validated media and offer their work in new contexts. Here are
some concrete steps artists can take to prepare:




    Pay attention to discourse about technical and scientific topics in popular
    and professional media. Develop the ability to penetrate beneath the surface
    presentation to think about unexplored research directions and unanticipated
    implications.
  
    Acquire background knowledge and skills related to technological topics either
    through formal and informal means
  
    Learn about the information sources used by scientists and engineers to learn
    about emerging fields including academic and professional journals, trade
    shows, academic meetings, and equipment supply sources Many of the trade
    magazines are free for validated research practitioners. (Artists can acquire
    this validation by self-identifying their art investigations as research.)
  
    Learn about relevant on-line information resources such as mailing lists,
    newsgroups, and Web sites that have become so crucial in scientific
    communication. (Luckily the growth of the Internet and World Wide Web have
    made it easier than ever for artists in enter into these information networks.)
  
    Develop new kinds of mutually beneficial collaborations with companies,
    universities, and other organizations involved in research.


  What is a Viable Role for Artists in Research Settings?


The viability of this kind of collaboration is so critical to the future
of both art and research that it is worth thinking about in more detail.
What can researchers contribute to art and what can artists contribute to
research? Why can high tech companies gain from artists being involved?

Much of the most well known collaborations between artists and
scientists/engineers do not provide good models. For example, the EAT
(Experiments in Art and Technology) in the 60's and the LA County Museum
collaborations in Art & Technology produced some interesting art but
did not profoundly address the role of artists in research. Often the engineers
functioned as technical assistants to the artists or the artists dabbled
with new technologies.

Better models would provide more mutual benefit. Early examples, include
Bell Labs involvement of artists in sound research that was instrumental
to telephony, electronic sound, and electronic voice research and electronic
music. Also, artist Sonia Sheridan's artist in residency at the 3M research
center in the 70's helped influence the development of color copier technology
as well as shaping her development of the Generative Systems program at the
Art Institute of Chicago that influenced so many artists. More contemporary
examples include the artist-in-residency programs initiated by the Xerox
PARC research center and Interval research company. These collaborations
experimented with mutual definitions of research agendas. The Xerox PARC
experience will be described more fully in a book to be published by MIT
Press.

Skeptics sometimes wonder what possible contribution artists can make to
serious research and development. Artists can augment the research process
in several ways. They can define new kinds of research questions, provide
unorthodox interpretations of results, point out missed opportunities for
development, explore and articulate wide ranging implications of the research,
represent potential user perspectives, and help communicate research findings
in effective and provocative ways. They can bring centuries of artistic
experience to bear on the technological future. They often approach problems
in ways quite different than those of scientists and engineers. The critical
role of designers and artists in computer human interface research over the
last years demonstrates this new model of interdisciplinary research.


  Computer Art is Not the Future - New Challenges


Many "high tech" artists believe they have already addressed the future by
becoming computer artists who work with digital image, sound, and interactive
multimedia. They have made a critical error. They have misunderstood the
real significance of artists' work with computers during the last decade
and a half. The new media are interesting, but more important is the fact
that artists were experimenting with microcomputers at almost the same time
that other kinds of developers and researchers were. Artists were not merely
using the results of research conducted by others but were actually participating
as researchers themselves.

Many new technologies such as genetic microbiology promise to have similar
or even greater impact on life and thought. Artists need to actively patrol
the frontiers of scientific and technological research to identify future
trends that could benefit from the artist/research inquiry. Knowledge of
computers and the Internet will be valuable assets because they will be required
tools in most areas of research. Artists who think, however, they are in
the vanguard because they work will computers may soon find themselves in
the backguard. Below I list some areas of scientific inquiry and technological
development that I believe may have cultural impact and will be fruitful
areas for artistic inquiry. This diverse idiosyncratic list is by no means
exhaustive and identification of other areas of interest should be considered
an important artistic activity of our era:








      New biology
    

      Extra-sensory phenomena
    



      Animal Consciousness
    

      Brain physiology
    



      Medical technology
    

      Touch, Taste, and Smell research
    



      Biosensors
    

      Artificial life
    



      Alternative Energy
    

      Materials science
    



      Cosmology
    

      Non visual astronomy
    



      Space science
    

      Artificial Intelligence
    



      Hypermedia
    

      Robotics
    



      Gesture recognition
    

      Speech recognition & synthesis
    



      Wearable computing
    

      Information visualization
    



      Groupware
    

      Computer-Telephone Integration
    



      Inspectable movies
    

      Virtual Reality
    



      Ubiquitous Computing
    

      Surveillance & remote sensing
    



      Bar codes and auto ID
    

      GPS (geographic locating systems)
    



      Intelligent home
    

      Intelligent hi-way
    



  The Integration of Research and Art


Research is shaping the future in profound ways beyond the utilitarian confines
of the technology produced. Our culture desperately needs wide involvement
in the definition of research agendas, the actual investigation processes,
and in the exploration of the implications of what is discovered. Artists
can contribute significantly to this discourse by developing a new kind of
artist/researcher role.

The appropriate contours of this involvement are not yet defined. Much
experimentation is required. How can research settings learn to be open enough
to benefit from the unorthodox contributions artists might make? How can
artists learn to involve themselves in the ways and byways of researchers
without losing touch with their artistic roots. (Many of the best young artists
I had as students who became involved as researchers ultimately ended up
being seduced by the recognition and economic rewards of research that they
quit functioning as artists.) Also scientific inquiry and technology development
are not identical processes; what kind of involvement in each might artists
fashion for themselves

I am not claiming that artists should act exactly like researchers. If they
did, they would be unlikely to make any unique contribution. Contemporary
art often includes elements of commentary, irony and critique missing from
"serious" research. Similarly scientists and technologists strive toward
objectivity; artists cultivate their idiosyncratic subjectivity as a major
feature of what they do. The "research" that artists created will most likely
look different than that produced by traditional researchers. It would work
like art always does - provoking and moving audiences through its communicative
power and unique perspectives. Still it might simultaneously work as research
- using systematic investigative processes to develop new technological
possibilities or to discover useful new knowledge or perspectives.

Maybe the segmented categorization of artist and researcher will itself prove
to be a historical anachronism; maybe new kinds of integrated roles will
develop. Signs of this happening already appear. Some of the hackers who
pioneered microcomputer developments may one day be seen as artists because
of their intensity and their culturally revolutionary views and work. Similarly
some art shows such as Ars Electronica now define research ideas as core
themes (for example, artificial life) and invite researchers along with artists
as key presenters. Research has radically altered our culture and will continue
to do so. Art must be an essential part of this process.






	- This page created by Stephen
	Wilson, Professor Conceptual Design/ Information Arts, SFSU
	(http://userwww.sfsu.edu/~swilson)
	swilson@sfsu.edu 
	- More information about the
	Conceptual Design /Information Arts program is available at
	(http://userwww.sfsu.edu/~infoarts)
	- Note that this paper was prepared in conjunction with the
	[a:t] - association for temporary art
	project in Sweeden
	- The url of this page is
	(http://userwww.sfsu.edu/~swilson/artist.researcher.html)
	






Art Research & Technology, L.L.C.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 5:59 AM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of Art Research & Technology, L.L.C.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Art Research & Technology, L.L.C. develops computer software for displaying, receiving, reading, purchasing, accessing, and storing documents and digital media featuring works of art, books, cards, catalogs, magazines, newspapers, periodicals, guidebooks, and brochures. The company was incorporated in 2010 and is based in Phoenix, Arizona.


2777 East Camelback RoadSuite 140Phoenix, AZ 85016United StatesFounded in 2010



Phone: 602-956-3560








Key Executives for Art Research & Technology, L.L.C.




Mr. Barry Fernando


      	Executive Director
      








Mr. Mark Phelps


      	Executive Director
      








Mr. David Hirschfeld


      	Executive Director
      








Mr. Theodore Haig


      	Executive Director
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States .Club Domains LLC United States .Comdaq Corporation United States .Kache Media Management LLC United States @Court United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      November 3, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Art Research & Technology, L.L.C., please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Alpha Research & Technology, Inc.



















HOMEABOUTPRODUCTSSOLUTIONSSERVICESCONTACT US 





Network Devices & ServicesPower SystemsDisplaysMission ComputingRacks and ConsolesSoftware 





Products 
 
 






Pages


About
Products
Solutions
Services
Careers
Contact Us



Certifications

 

What Our Clients Say



Lockheed Martin
...The sample task was an all small business team effort and we want to acknowledge the significant contribution that ART provided in making the technical response so successful. Thank you.� --- R2CSR Capture Manager




� 2014 Alpha Research & Technology, Inc.







ART Pro Audio
























Products
Support
Media















           
           
		   
         


Legacy Products
Dealers
Company


  
          
          
      













Microsoft Research – Emerging Technology, Computer, and Software Research







































 


















Try Microsoft Edge
A fast and secure browser that's designed for Windows 10


No thanks
Get started










 This site uses cookies for analytics, personalized content and ads.  By continuing to browse this site, you agree to this use. Learn more









Microsoft



Research










 No results









Research









 










HPU 2.0

HoloLens to get new Holographic Processing Unit, AI coprocessor to implement DNNs












Microsoft Research Faculty Summit 2017 —The Edge of AI

Watch sessions on demand












Honoring  Charles P. Thacker

A visionary computer scientist who changed the world












Using AI to crack down on internet scams

How AI, computer vision, and Power BI help law enforcement take action













Search our catalog of thousands of publications, videos, projects, downloads, and more				




Search our catalog















Advances in AI & Machine Learning
















								How do you teach AI to fly? With their own highly realistic simulator							


The ability to differentiate things like trees, curbs, and glass doors come easily to humans, but it's still difficult for AI-based systems. Microsoft researchers are aiming to change that by working on a new set of tools, now available on GitHub, that other researchers and developers can use to train and test robots, drones and other gadgets for operating autonomously and safely in the real world.


















									Leading innovation in AI to improve citizen health								

How can doctors keep up with the explosion of medical research? The Azure for Research program provided an Azure grant to University College London to quickly develop and deploy AI solutions in the cloud. 












											Generating computer code based on a user's intent with deep learning										











											How Microsoft researchers are helping keep AI accurate and unbiased										

















									We’re hiring in AI!								

Researchers in AI are pursuing computing advances to create intelligent machines that complement human reasoning to augment and enrich our experience and competencies. 













									Minecraft and AI: Enabling technology that can collaborate with humans								

Learn more about Project Malmo, a platform that uses the world of Minecraft as a testing ground for advanced artificial intelligence research and innovation.













Towards quantum computing
















								New to quantum? Here's a primer.							


Quantum Computing 101: An introduction to the mind-bending world of quantum computing.


















									Station Q								

Station Q represents Microsoft’s global effort to bring together the world’s mathematicians, computer scientists, quantum physicists, and engineers to build a scalable, fault-tolerant, universal quantum computer.












											With quantum computing simulator, a sneak peak into the future of computing - Microsoft Research blog										











											Quantum computing at Microsoft - meet the team										

















									"Quantum computing could solve problems that would take today's computers eons..." - read more about The Quest for a Quantum Future								















									Language-Integrated Quantum Operations: LIQUi|>								

LIQUi|> is a software architecture and tool suite for quantum computing. It includes a programming language, optimization and scheduling algorithms, and quantum simulators. LIQUi|> can be used to translate a quantum algorithm written in the form of a high-level program into the low-level machine instructions for a quantum device. 













Using computing to fight cancer
















								How Microsoft computer scientists and researchers are working to “solve” cancer							


Jasmin Fisher doesn’t want to cure cancer. She wants to solve it - and she believes it’s possible in her lifetime.


















									Video: Programming cells								

If scientists can understand cancer and the immune systems as well as they understand how to make Microsoft Word run on a PC, they might be able to equip the immune system to mount a powerful response to cancer on its own.












											Project Hanover: Parsing the world's genetic knowledge										











											Meet the researchers: Biological Computation Group										

















									Blog: Molecular biology meets computer science tools in new system for CRISPR								

A team of researchers has developed a new system that allows researchers to more quickly and effectively use the powerful gene editing tool CRISPR.













									Video: Using technology to personalize cancer treatment								

Machine learning is helping doctors automatically sort fragmented patient information to find the most relevant pieces of data to define the best treatment plan for their patients.













Lowering the barriers to artificial intelligence​














									Unleash the Power of AI for Everyone								

Today, we are changing how companies approach automatic translation by leveraging our artificial intelligence expertise to enable anyone to quickly and easily customize translation systems, even without large amounts of previously translated sentences.					












											Microsoft Researchers win ImageNet computer vision challenge										











											Featured Program: AI Engage										

















									Browse the Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Research Area								

 













									Microsoft Bot Framework (preview)								

Build and connect intelligent bots to interact with your users naturally wherever they are, from text/sms to Skype, Slack, Office 365 mail and other popular services.



















								CNTK: Open source deep learning toolkit on GitHub							


Microsoft is making the tools that its own researchers use to speed up advances in artificial intelligence available to a broader group of developers by releasing its Computational Network Toolkit on GitHub.

















Scientists and engineers working together to help solve global challenges


In the newsMicrosoft Rolls Out AI-based Security Risk Detection Tool
Dark Reading, July 21, 2017
University of Amsterdam partners with Microsoft Research Lab Cambridge
Science Business, July 20, 2017
Putting humans center stage in the AI race
Irish Times, July 20, 2017

Get involvedAcademic and external collaboration
We collaborate with the world’s top researchers to develop technologies that help solve global challenges.  Explore academic programs
Full-time jobs and internships
Work with world-renowned colleagues on meaningful research and product incubations in labs around the world.  Explore more research careers

Award-winning researchersMicrosoft researchers have received a myriad of prestigious national and international honors, including the ACM A.M. Turing Award, considered the highest distinction in computer science.
Meet our award-winning researchers >See our full researcher index >










						Follow Microsoft Research					





Follow @MSFTResearch










						Share this page					





Tweet
























​

		

















Technology - Wikipedia




















 







Technology

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the use and knowledge of techniques and processes for producing goods and services. For other uses, see Technology (disambiguation).




A steam turbine with the case opened. Such turbines produce most of the electricity that people use. Electricity consumption and living standards are highly correlated.[1] Electrification is believed to be the most important engineering achievement of the 20th century.


Technology ("science of craft", from Greek τέχνη, techne, "art, skill, cunning of hand"; and -λογία, -logia[2]) is the collection of techniques, skills, methods and processes used in the production of goods or services or in the accomplishment of objectives, such as scientific investigation. Technology can be the knowledge of techniques, processes, and the like, or it can be embedded in machines which can be operated without detailed knowledge of their workings.
The simplest form of technology is the development and use of basic tools. The prehistoric discovery of how to control fire and the later Neolithic Revolution increased the available sources of food and the invention of the wheel helped humans to travel in and control their environment. Developments in historic times, including the printing press, the telephone, and the Internet, have lessened physical barriers to communication and allowed humans to interact freely on a global scale. The steady progress of military technology has brought weapons of ever-increasing destructive power, from clubs to nuclear weapons.
Technology has many effects. It has helped develop more advanced economies (including today's global economy) and has allowed the rise of a leisure class. Many technological processes produce unwanted by-products known as pollution and deplete natural resources to the detriment of Earth's environment. Innovations have always influenced the values of a society and raised new questions of the ethics of technology. Examples include the rise of the notion of efficiency in terms of human productivity, and the challenges of bioethics.
Philosophical debates have arisen over the use of technology, with disagreements over whether technology improves the human condition or worsens it. Neo-Luddism, anarcho-primitivism, and similar reactionary movements criticise the pervasiveness of technology, arguing that it harms the environment and alienates people; proponents of ideologies such as transhumanism and techno-progressivism view continued technological progress as beneficial to society and the human condition.



Contents


1 Definition and usage
2 Science, engineering and technology
3 History

3.1 Paleolithic (2.5 Ma – 10 ka)

3.1.1 Stone tools
3.1.2 Fire
3.1.3 Clothing and shelter


3.2 Neolithic through classical antiquity (10 ka – 300 CE)

3.2.1 Metal tools
3.2.2 Energy and transport


3.3 Medieval and modern history (300 CE – present)


4 Philosophy

4.1 Technicism
4.2 Optimism
4.3 Skepticism and critics
4.4 Appropriate technology
4.5 Optimism and skepticism in the 21st century
4.6 Complex technological systems


5 Competitiveness
6 Other animal species
7 Future technology
8 See also
9 References
10 Further reading



Definition and usage




The spread of paper and printing to the West, as in this printing press, helped scientists and politicians communicate their ideas easily, leading to the Age of Enlightenment; an example of technology as cultural force.


The use of the term "technology" has changed significantly over the last 200 years. Before the 20th century, the term was uncommon in English, and usually referred to the description or study of the useful arts.[3] The term was often connected to technical education, as in the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (chartered in 1861).[4]
The term "technology" rose to prominence in the 20th century in connection with the Second Industrial Revolution. The term's meanings changed in the early 20th century when American social scientists, beginning with Thorstein Veblen, translated ideas from the German concept of Technik into "technology." In German and other European languages, a distinction exists between technik and technologie that is absent in English, which usually translates both terms as "technology." By the 1930s, "technology" referred not only to the study of the industrial arts but to the industrial arts themselves.[5]
In 1937, the American sociologist Read Bain wrote that "technology includes all tools, machines, utensils, weapons, instruments, housing, clothing, communicating and transporting devices and the skills by which we produce and use them."[6] Bain's definition remains common among scholars today, especially social scientists. Scientists and engineers usually prefer to define technology as applied science, rather than as the things that people make and use.[7] More recently, scholars have borrowed from European philosophers of "technique" to extend the meaning of technology to various forms of instrumental reason, as in Foucault's work on technologies of the self (techniques de soi).
Dictionaries and scholars have offered a variety of definitions. The Merriam-Webster Learner's Dictionary offers a definition of the term: "the use of science in industry, engineering, etc., to invent useful things or to solve problems" and "a machine, piece of equipment, method, etc., that is created by technology."[8] Ursula Franklin, in her 1989 "Real World of Technology" lecture, gave another definition of the concept; it is "practice, the way we do things around here."[9] The term is often used to imply a specific field of technology, or to refer to high technology or just consumer electronics, rather than technology as a whole.[10] Bernard Stiegler, in Technics and Time, 1, defines technology in two ways: as "the pursuit of life by means other than life," and as "organized inorganic matter."[11]
Technology can be most broadly defined as the entities, both material and immaterial, created by the application of mental and physical effort in order to achieve some value. In this usage, technology refers to tools and machines that may be used to solve real-world problems. It is a far-reaching term that may include simple tools, such as a crowbar or wooden spoon, or more complex machines, such as a space station or particle accelerator. Tools and machines need not be material; virtual technology, such as computer software and business methods, fall under this definition of technology.[12] W. Brian Arthur defines technology in a similarly broad way as "a means to fulfill a human purpose."[13]
The word "technology" can also be used to refer to a collection of techniques. In this context, it is the current state of humanity's knowledge of how to combine resources to produce desired products, to solve problems, fulfill needs, or satisfy wants; it includes technical methods, skills, processes, techniques, tools and raw materials. When combined with another term, such as "medical technology" or "space technology," it refers to the state of the respective field's knowledge and tools. "State-of-the-art technology" refers to the high technology available to humanity in any field.




The invention of integrated circuits and the microprocessor (here, an Intel 4004 chip from 1971) led to the modern computer revolution.


Technology can be viewed as an activity that forms or changes culture.[14] Additionally, technology is the application of math, science, and the arts for the benefit of life as it is known. A modern example is the rise of communication technology, which has lessened barriers to human interaction and as a result has helped spawn new subcultures; the rise of cyberculture has at its basis the development of the Internet and the computer.[15] Not all technology enhances culture in a creative way; technology can also help facilitate political oppression and war via tools such as guns. As a cultural activity, technology predates both science and engineering, each of which formalize some aspects of technological endeavor.

Science, engineering and technology




Antoine Lavoisier conducting an experiment with combustion generated by amplified sun light


The distinction between science, engineering, and technology is not always clear. Science is systematic knowledge of the physical or material world gained through observation and experimentation.[16] Technologies are not usually exclusively products of science, because they have to satisfy requirements such as utility, usability, and safety.
Engineering is the goal-oriented process of designing and making tools and systems to exploit natural phenomena for practical human means, often (but not always) using results and techniques from science. The development of technology may draw upon many fields of knowledge, including scientific, engineering, mathematical, linguistic, and historical knowledge, to achieve some practical result.
Technology is often a consequence of science and engineering, although technology as a human activity precedes the two fields. For example, science might study the flow of electrons in electrical conductors by using already-existing tools and knowledge. This new-found knowledge may then be used by engineers to create new tools and machines such as semiconductors, computers, and other forms of advanced technology. In this sense, scientists and engineers may both be considered technologists; the three fields are often considered as one for the purposes of research and reference.[17]
The exact relations between science and technology in particular have been debated by scientists, historians, and policymakers in the late 20th century, in part because the debate can inform the funding of basic and applied science. In the immediate wake of World War II, for example, it was widely considered in the United States that technology was simply "applied science" and that to fund basic science was to reap technological results in due time. An articulation of this philosophy could be found explicitly in Vannevar Bush's treatise on postwar science policy, Science – The Endless Frontier: "New products, new industries, and more jobs require continuous additions to knowledge of the laws of nature ... This essential new knowledge can be obtained only through basic scientific research."[18] In the late-1960s, however, this view came under direct attack, leading towards initiatives to fund science for specific tasks (initiatives resisted by the scientific community). The issue remains contentious, though most analysts resist the model that technology simply is a result of scientific research.[19][20]
History
Main articles: History of technology, Timeline of historic inventions, and Timeline of electrical and electronic engineering
Paleolithic (2.5 Ma – 10 ka)




A primitive chopper


Further information: Outline of prehistoric technology
The use of tools by early humans was partly a process of discovery and of evolution. Early humans evolved from a species of foraging hominids which were already bipedal,[21] with a brain mass approximately one third of modern humans.[22] Tool use remained relatively unchanged for most of early human history. Approximately 50,000 years ago, the use of tools and complex set of behaviors emerged, believed by many archaeologists to be connected to the emergence of fully modern language.[23]
Stone tools




Hand axes from the Acheulian period






A Clovis point, made via pressure flaking


Hominids started using primitive stone tools millions of years ago. The earliest stone tools were little more than a fractured rock, but approximately 75,000 years ago,[24] pressure flaking provided a way to make much finer work.
Fire
Main article: Control of fire by early humans
The discovery and utilization of fire, a simple energy source with many profound uses, was a turning point in the technological evolution of humankind.[25] The exact date of its discovery is not known; evidence of burnt animal bones at the Cradle of Humankind suggests that the domestication of fire occurred before 1 Ma;[26] scholarly consensus indicates that Homo erectus had controlled fire by between 500 and 400 ka.[27][28] Fire, fueled with wood and charcoal, allowed early humans to cook their food to increase its digestibility, improving its nutrient value and broadening the number of foods that could be eaten.[29]
Clothing and shelter
Other technological advances made during the Paleolithic era were clothing and shelter; the adoption of both technologies cannot be dated exactly, but they were a key to humanity's progress. As the Paleolithic era progressed, dwellings became more sophisticated and more elaborate; as early as 380 ka, humans were constructing temporary wood huts.[30][31] Clothing, adapted from the fur and hides of hunted animals, helped humanity expand into colder regions; humans began to migrate out of Africa by 200 ka and into other continents such as Eurasia.[32]
Neolithic through classical antiquity (10 ka – 300 CE)




An array of Neolithic artifacts, including bracelets, axe heads, chisels, and polishing tools


Human's technological ascent began in earnest in what is known as the Neolithic Period ("New Stone Age"). The invention of polished stone axes was a major advance that allowed forest clearance on a large scale to create farms. This use of polished stone axes increased greatly in the Neolithic, but were originally used in the preceding Mesolithic in some areas such as Ireland.[33] Agriculture fed larger populations, and the transition to sedentism allowed simultaneously raising more children, as infants no longer needed to be carried, as nomadic ones must. Additionally, children could contribute labor to the raising of crops more readily than they could to the hunter-gatherer economy.[34][35]
With this increase in population and availability of labor came an increase in labor specialization.[36] What triggered the progression from early Neolithic villages to the first cities, such as Uruk, and the first civilizations, such as Sumer, is not specifically known; however, the emergence of increasingly hierarchical social structures and specialized labor, of trade and war amongst adjacent cultures, and the need for collective action to overcome environmental challenges such as irrigation, are all thought to have played a role.[37]
Metal tools
Continuing improvements led to the furnace and bellows and provided the ability to smelt and forge native metals (naturally occurring in relatively pure form).[38] Gold, copper, silver, and lead, were such early metals. The advantages of copper tools over stone, bone, and wooden tools were quickly apparent to early humans, and native copper was probably used from near the beginning of Neolithic times (about 10 ka).[39] Native copper does not naturally occur in large amounts, but copper ores are quite common and some of them produce metal easily when burned in wood or charcoal fires. Eventually, the working of metals led to the discovery of alloys such as bronze and brass (about 4000 BCE). The first uses of iron alloys such as steel dates to around 1800 BCE.[40][41]
Energy and transport




The wheel was invented circa 4000 BCE.


Main article: History of transport
Meanwhile, humans were learning to harness other forms of energy. The earliest known use of wind power is the sailboat; the earliest record of a ship under sail is that of a Nile boat that dates back to the 8th millennium BCE.[42] From prehistoric times, Egyptians probably used the power of the annual flooding of the Nile to irrigate their lands, gradually learning to regulate much of it through purposely built irrigation channels and "catch" basins. Similarly, the early peoples of Mesopotamia, the Sumerians, learned to use the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers for much the same purposes. However, more extensive use of wind and water (and even human) power required another invention.
According to archaeologists, the wheel was invented around 4000 BCE probably independently and nearly simultaneously in Mesopotamia (in present-day Iraq), the Northern Caucasus (Maykop culture) and Central Europe.[43] Estimates on when this may have occurred range from 5500 to 3000 BCE with most experts putting it closer to 4000 BCE.[44] The oldest artifacts with drawings that depict wheeled carts date from about 3500 BCE;[45] however, the wheel may have been in use for millennia before these drawings were made. There is also evidence from the same period for the use of the potter's wheel. More recently, the oldest-known wooden wheel in the world was found in the Ljubljana marshes of Slovenia.[46]
The invention of the wheel revolutionized trade and war. It did not take long to discover that wheeled wagons could be used to carry heavy loads. Fast (rotary) potters' wheels enabled early mass production of pottery, but it was the use of the wheel as a transformer of energy (through water wheels, windmills, and even treadmills) that revolutionized the application of nonhuman power sources.
Medieval and modern history (300 CE – present)
Main articles: Medieval technology, Renaissance technology, Industrial Revolution, Second Industrial Revolution, Information Technology, and Productivity improving technologies (economic history)
Innovations continued through the Middle Ages with innovations such as silk, the horse collar and horseshoes in the first few hundred years after the fall of the Roman Empire. Medieval technology saw the use of simple machines (such as the lever, the screw, and the pulley) being combined to form more complicated tools, such as the wheelbarrow, windmills and clocks. The Renaissance brought forth many of these innovations, including the printing press (which facilitated the greater communication of knowledge), and technology became increasingly associated with science, beginning a cycle of mutual advancement. The advancements in technology in this era allowed a more steady supply of food, followed by the wider availability of consumer goods.




The automobile revolutionized personal transportation.


Starting in the United Kingdom in the 18th century, the Industrial Revolution was a period of great technological discovery, particularly in the areas of agriculture, manufacturing, mining, metallurgy, and transport, driven by the discovery of steam power. Technology took another step in a second industrial revolution with the harnessing of electricity to create such innovations as the electric motor, light bulb, and countless others. Scientific advancement and the discovery of new concepts later allowed for powered flight and advancements in medicine, chemistry, physics, and engineering. The rise in technology has led to skyscrapers and broad urban areas whose inhabitants rely on motors to transport them and their food supply. Communication was also greatly improved with the invention of the telegraph, telephone, radio and television. The late 19th and early 20th centuries saw a revolution in transportation with the invention of the airplane and automobile.




F-15 and F-16 flying over Kuwaiti oil fires during the Gulf War in 1991.


The 20th century brought a host of innovations. In physics, the discovery of nuclear fission has led to both nuclear weapons and nuclear power. Computers were also invented and later miniaturized utilizing transistors and integrated circuits. Information technology subsequently led to the creation of the Internet, which ushered in the current Information Age. Humans have also been able to explore space with satellites (later used for telecommunication) and in manned missions going all the way to the moon. In medicine, this era brought innovations such as open-heart surgery and later stem cell therapy along with new medications and treatments.
Complex manufacturing and construction techniques and organizations are needed to make and maintain these new technologies, and entire industries have arisen to support and develop succeeding generations of increasingly more complex tools. Modern technology increasingly relies on training and education – their designers, builders, maintainers, and users often require sophisticated general and specific training. Moreover, these technologies have become so complex that entire fields have been created to support them, including engineering, medicine, and computer science, and other fields have been made more complex, such as construction, transportation and architecture.
Philosophy
Technicism
Generally, technicism is the belief in the utility of technology for improving human societies.[47] Taken to an extreme, technicism "reflects a fundamental attitude which seeks to control reality, to resolve all problems with the use of scientific-technological methods and tools."[48] In other words, human beings will someday be able to master all problems and possibly even control the future using technology. Some, such as Stephen V. Monsma,[49] connect these ideas to the abdication of religion as a higher moral authority.
Optimism
See also: Extropianism
Optimistic assumptions are made by proponents of ideologies such as transhumanism and singularitarianism, which view technological development as generally having beneficial effects for the society and the human condition. In these ideologies, technological development is morally good.
Transhumanists generally believe that the point of technology is to overcome barriers, and that what we commonly refer to as the human condition is just another barrier to be surpassed.
Singularitarians believe in some sort of "accelerating change"; that the rate of technological progress accelerates as we obtain more technology, and that this will culminate in a "Singularity" after artificial general intelligence is invented in which progress is nearly infinite; hence the term. Estimates for the date of this Singularity vary,[50] but prominent futurist Ray Kurzweil estimates the Singularity will occur in 2045.
Kurzweil is also known for his history of the universe in six epochs: (1) the physical/chemical epoch, (2) the life epoch, (3) the human/brain epoch, (4) the technology epoch, (5) the artificial intelligence epoch, and (6) the universal colonization epoch. Going from one epoch to the next is a Singularity in its own right, and a period of speeding up precedes it. Each epoch takes a shorter time, which means the whole history of the universe is one giant Singularity event.[51]
Some critics see these ideologies as examples of scientism and techno-utopianism and fear the notion of human enhancement and technological singularity which they support. Some have described Karl Marx as a techno-optimist.[52]
Skepticism and critics
See also: Luddite, Neo-Luddism, Anarcho-primitivism, and Bioconservatism




Luddites smashing a power loom in 1812


On the somewhat skeptical side are certain philosophers like Herbert Marcuse and John Zerzan, who believe that technological societies are inherently flawed. They suggest that the inevitable result of such a society is to become evermore technological at the cost of freedom and psychological health.
Many, such as the Luddites and prominent philosopher Martin Heidegger, hold serious, although not entirely, deterministic reservations about technology (see "The Question Concerning Technology"[53]). According to Heidegger scholars Hubert Dreyfus and Charles Spinosa, "Heidegger does not oppose technology. He hopes to reveal the essence of technology in a way that 'in no way confines us to a stultified compulsion to push on blindly with technology or, what comes to the same thing, to rebel helplessly against it.' Indeed, he promises that 'when we once open ourselves expressly to the essence of technology, we find ourselves unexpectedly taken into a freeing claim.'[54] What this entails is a more complex relationship to technology than either techno-optimists or techno-pessimists tend to allow."[55]
Some of the most poignant criticisms of technology are found in what are now considered to be dystopian literary classics such as Aldous Huxley's Brave New World, Anthony Burgess's A Clockwork Orange, and George Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Four. In Goethe's Faust, Faust selling his soul to the devil in return for power over the physical world is also often interpreted as a metaphor for the adoption of industrial technology. More recently, modern works of science fiction such as those by Philip K. Dick and William Gibson and films such as Blade Runner and Ghost in the Shell project highly ambivalent or cautionary attitudes toward technology's impact on human society and identity.
The late cultural critic Neil Postman distinguished tool-using societies from technological societies and from what he called "technopolies," societies that are dominated by the ideology of technological and scientific progress to the exclusion or harm of other cultural practices, values and world-views.[56]
Darin Barney has written about technology's impact on practices of citizenship and democratic culture, suggesting that technology can be construed as (1) an object of political debate, (2) a means or medium of discussion, and (3) a setting for democratic deliberation and citizenship. As a setting for democratic culture, Barney suggests that technology tends to make ethical questions, including the question of what a good life consists in, nearly impossible, because they already give an answer to the question: a good life is one that includes the use of more and more technology.[57]
Nikolas Kompridis has also written about the dangers of new technology, such as genetic engineering, nanotechnology, synthetic biology, and robotics. He warns that these technologies introduce unprecedented new challenges to human beings, including the possibility of the permanent alteration of our biological nature. These concerns are shared by other philosophers, scientists and public intellectuals who have written about similar issues (e.g. Francis Fukuyama, Jürgen Habermas, William Joy, and Michael Sandel).[58]
Another prominent critic of technology is Hubert Dreyfus, who has published books such as On the Internet and What Computers Still Can't Do.
A more infamous anti-technological treatise is Industrial Society and Its Future, written by the Unabomber Ted Kaczynski and printed in several major newspapers (and later books) as part of an effort to end his bombing campaign of the techno-industrial infrastructure.
Appropriate technology
See also: Technocriticism and Technorealism
The notion of appropriate technology was developed in the 20th century by thinkers such as E. F. Schumacher and Jacques Ellul to describe situations where it was not desirable to use very new technologies or those that required access to some centralized infrastructure or parts or skills imported from elsewhere. The ecovillage movement emerged in part due to this concern.
Optimism and skepticism in the 21st century
This section mainly focuses on American concerns even if it can reasonably be generalized to other Western countries.

The inadequate quantity and quality of American jobs is one of the most fundamental economic challenges we face. [...] What's the linkage between technology and this fundamental problem?
— Bernstein, Jared, "It’s Not a Skills Gap That’s Holding Wages Down: It’s the Weak Economy, Among Other Things," in The American Prospect, October 2014

In his article, Jared Bernstein, a Senior Fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities,[59] questions the widespread idea that automation, and more broadly, technological advances, have mainly contributed to this growing labor market problem. His thesis appears to be a third way between optimism and skepticism. Essentially, he stands for a neutral approach of the linkage between technology and American issues concerning unemployment and declining wages.
He uses two main arguments to defend his point. First, because of recent technological advances, an increasing number of workers are losing their jobs. Yet, scientific evidence fails to clearly demonstrate that technology has displaced so many workers that it has created more problems than it has solved. Indeed, automation threatens repetitive jobs but higher-end jobs are still necessary because they complement technology and manual jobs that "requires flexibility judgment and common sense"[60] remain hard to replace with machines. Second, studies have not shown clear links between recent technology advances and the wage trends of the last decades.
Therefore, according to Bernstein, instead of focusing on technology and its hypothetical influences on current American increasing unemployment and declining wages, one needs to worry more about "bad policy that fails to offset the imbalances in demand, trade, income and opportunity."[60]
Complex technological systems
Thomas P. Hughes stated that because technology has been considered as a key way to solve problems, we need to be aware of its complex and varied characters to use it more efficiently.[61] What is the difference between a wheel or a compass and cooking machines such as an oven or a gas stove? Can we consider all of them, only a part of them, or none of them as technologies?
Technology is often considered too narrowly; according to Hughes, "Technology is a creative process involving human ingenuity.[62] This definition's emphasis on creativity avoids unbounded definitions that may mistakenly include cooking “technologies," but it also highlights the prominent role of humans and therefore their responsibilities for the use of complex technological systems.
Yet, because technology is everywhere and has dramatically changed landscapes and societies, Hughes argues that engineers, scientists, and managers have often believed that they can use technology to shape the world as they want. They have often supposed that technology is easily controllable and this assumption has to be thoroughly questioned.[61] For instance, Evgeny Morozov particularly challenges two concepts: “Internet-centrism” and “solutionism."[63] Internet-centrism refers to the idea that our society is convinced that the Internet is one of the most stable and coherent forces. Solutionism is the ideology that every social issue can be solved thanks to technology and especially thanks to the internet. In fact, technology intrinsically contains uncertainties and limitations. According to Alexis Madrigal's review of Morozov's theory, to ignore it will lead to “unexpected consequences that could eventually cause more damage than the problems they seek to address."[64] Benjamin R. Cohen and Gwen Ottinger also discussed the multivalent effects of technology.[65]
Therefore, recognition of the limitations of technology, and more broadly, scientific knowledge, is needed – especially in cases dealing with environmental justice and health issues. Ottinger continues this reasoning and argues that the ongoing recognition of the limitations of scientific knowledge goes hand in hand with scientists and engineers’ new comprehension of their role. Such an approach of technology and science "[require] technical professionals to conceive of their roles in the process differently. [They have to consider themselves as] collaborators in research and problem solving rather than simply providers of information and technical solutions."[66]
Competitiveness
Technology is properly defined as any application of science to accomplish a function. The science can be leading edge or well established and the function can have high visibility or be significantly more mundane, but it is all technology, and its exploitation is the foundation of all competitive advantage.
Technology-based planning is what was used to build the US industrial giants before WWII (e.g., Dow, DuPont, GM) and it is what was used to transform the US into a superpower. It was not economic-based planning.
Other animal species
See also: Tool use by animals, Structures built by animals, and Ecosystem engineer




This adult gorilla uses a branch as a walking stick to gauge the water's depth, an example of technology usage by non-human primates.


The use of basic technology is also a feature of other animal species apart from humans. These include primates such as chimpanzees,[67] some dolphin communities,[68] and crows.[69][70] Considering a more generic perspective of technology as ethology of active environmental conditioning and control, we can also refer to animal examples such as beavers and their dams, or bees and their honeycombs.
The ability to make and use tools was once considered a defining characteristic of the genus Homo.[71] However, the discovery of tool construction among chimpanzees and related primates has discarded the notion of the use of technology as unique to humans. For example, researchers have observed wild chimpanzees utilising tools for foraging: some of the tools used include leaf sponges, termite fishing probes, pestles and levers.[72] West African chimpanzees also use stone hammers and anvils for cracking nuts,[73] as do capuchin monkeys of Boa Vista, Brazil.[74]
Future technology
Main article: Emerging technologies
Theories of technology often attempt to predict the future of technology based on the high technology and science of the time. As with all predictions of the future, however, technology's is uncertain.
Futurist Ray Kurzweil predicts that the future of technology will be mainly consist of an overlapping "GNR Revolution" of Genetics, Nanotechnology, and Robotics, with robotics being the most important of the three.[75]
See also
Main article: Outline of technology





Book: Technology






Technology portal




Architectural technology
Critique of technology
Greatest Engineering Achievements of the 20th Century
History of science and technology
Knowledge economy
Law of the instrument – Golden hammer
Lewis Mumford
List of years in science
Niche construction
Science and technology in Argentina
Technological convergence
Technology and society
Technology assessment
Technology tree
-logy
Superpower § Possible factors


Theories and concepts in technology


Appropriate technology
Diffusion of innovations
Human enhancement
Instrumental conception of technology
Jacques Ellul
Paradigm
Philosophy of technology
Posthumanism
Precautionary principle
Singularitarianism
Strategy of Technology
Techno-progressivism
Technocentrism
Technocracy
Technocriticism
Technological determinism
Technological evolution
Technological nationalism
Technological revival
Technological singularity
Technology management
Technology readiness level
Technorealism
Transhumanism


Economics of technology


Energy accounting
Nanosocialism
Post-scarcity economy
Productivity improving technologies (economic history)
Technocracy
Technocapitalism
Technological diffusion
Technology acceptance model
Technology lifecycle
Technology transfer


Technology journalism


Engadget
TechCrunch
The Verge (website)
Wired (magazine)


Other


STEM fields


References


^ National Research Council; Division on Engineering and Physical Sciences; Energy Engineering Board; Commission on Engineering and Technical Systems; Committee on Electricity in Economic Growth (1986). Electricity in Economic Growth. Washington, DC: National Academies Press. pp. 16, 40. ISBN 0-309-03677-1. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Liddell, Henry George; Scott, Robert (1980). A Greek-English Lexicon (Abridged Edition). United Kingdom: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19-910207-4. 
^ Crabb, George (1823). Universal Technological Dictionary, or Familiar Explanation of the Terms Used in All Arts and Sciences. London: Baldwin, Cradock, and Joy. p. 524 – via Internet Archive. 
^ Mannix, Loretta H.; Stratton, Julius Adams (2005). Mind and Hand: The Birth of MIT. Cambridge: MIT Press. pp. 190–92. ISBN 0262195240. 
^ "Technik Comes to America: Changing Meanings of Technology Before 1930". Technology and Culture. 47. 
^ "Technology and State Government". American Sociological Review. 2. 
^ MacKenzie, Donald A.; Wajcman, Judy (1999). "Introductory Essay". The Social Shaping of Technology (2nd ed.). Buckingham: Open University Press. ISBN 0-335-19913-5. 
^ "Technology | Definition of Technology by Merriam-Webster". Merriam-Webster. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Franklin, Ursula (1999). The Real World of Technology (revised ed.). Scarborough: House of Anansi. ISBN 9780887848919. 
^ See, for example, "Technology". BBC News. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Stiegler, Bernard (1998). Technics and Time, 1: The Fault of Epimetheus. Stanford University Press. pp. 17, 82. ISBN 0-8047-3041-5.  Stiegler has more recently stated that biotechnology can no longer be defined as "organized inorganic matter," given that it is, rather, "the reorganization of the organic." Stiegler, Bernard (2008). L'avenir du passé: Modernité de l'archéologie. La Découverte. p. 23. ISBN 2-7071-5495-4. 
^ "Industry, Technology and the Global Marketplace: International Patenting Trends in Two New Technology Areas". Science and Engineering Indicators 2002. National Science Foundation. Archived from the original on 18 August 2005. Retrieved 7 May 2007. 
^ Arthur, W. Brian (2009). The Nature of Technology. New York: Free Press. p. 28. ISBN 978-1-4165-4405-0. 
^ Borgmann, Albert (2006). "Technology as a Cultural Force: For Alena and Griffin" (fee required). The Canadian Journal of Sociology. 31 (3): 351–60. doi:10.1353/cjs.2006.0050. Retrieved 16 February 2007. 
^ Macek, Jakub. "Defining Cyberculture". Retrieved 25 May 2007. 
^ "Science". Dictionary.com. 2016. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ "Intute: Science, Engineering and Technology". Intute. Archived from the original on 17 February 2007. Retrieved 17 February 2007. 
^ Bush, Vannevar (July 1945). "Science the Endless Frontier". National Science Foundation. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Wise, George (1985). "Science and Technology". Osiris (2nd Series). 1: 229–46. doi:10.1086/368647. 
^ Guston, David H. (2000). Between Politics and Science: Assuring the Integrity and Productivity of Research. New York: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-65318-5. 
^ "Mother of man – 3.2 million years ago". BBC. Retrieved 17 May 2008. 
^ "Human Evolution". History Channel. Archived from the original on 23 April 2008. Retrieved 17 May 2008. 
^ Wade, Nicholas (July 15, 2003). "Early Voices: The Leap to Language". The New York Times. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Bower, Bruce (October 29, 2010). "Stone Agers Sharpened Skills 55,000 Years Earlier Than Thought". WIRED. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Crump, Thomas (2001). A Brief History of Science. Constable & Robinson. p. 9. ISBN 1-84119-235-X. 
^ "Fossil Hominid Sites of Sterkfontein, Swartkrans, Kromdraai, and Environs". UNESCO. Retrieved 10 March 2007. 
^ "Stone Age Man". History World. Retrieved 13 February 2007. 
^ James, Steven R. (February 1989). "Hominid Use of Fire in the Lower and Middle Pleistocene". Current Anthropology. 30 (1): 1–26. JSTOR 2743299. doi:10.1086/203705. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ Stahl, Ann B. (1984). "Hominid dietary selection before fire". Current Anthropology. 25 (2): 151–68. JSTOR 2742818. doi:10.1086/203106. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ O'Neil, Dennis. "Evolution of Modern Humans: Archaic Homo sapiens Culture". Palomar College. Retrieved 31 March 2007. 
^ Villa, Paola (1983). Terra Amata and the Middle Pleistocene archaeological record of southern France. Berkeley: University of California Press. p. 303. ISBN 0-520-09662-2. 
^ Cordaux, Richard; Stoneking, Mark (2003). "South Asia, the Andamanese, and the Genetic Evidence for an 'Early' Human Dispersal out of Africa" (PDF). American Journal of Human Genetics. 72 (6): 1586–90; author reply 1590–93. PMC 1180321 . PMID 12817589. doi:10.1086/375407. 
^ Driscoll, Killian (2006). The early prehistory in the west of Ireland: Investigations into the social archaeology of the Mesolithic, west of the Shannon, Ireland. 
^ University of Chicago Press Journals (January 4, 2006). "The First Baby Boom: Skeletal Evidence Shows Abrupt Worldwide Increase In Birth Rate During Neolithic Period". ScienceDaily. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Sussman, Robert W.; Hall, Roberta L. (April 1972). "Child Transport, Family Size, and Increase in Human Population During the Neolithic". Current Anthropology. University of Chicago Press. 13 (2): 258–67. JSTOR 2740977. doi:10.1086/201274. 
^ Ferraro, Gary P. (2006). Cultural Anthropology: An Applied Perspective. The Thomson Corporation. ISBN 0-495-03039-2. Retrieved 17 May 2008. 
^ Patterson, Gordon M. (1992). The ESSENTIALS of Ancient History. Research & Education Association. ISBN 978-0-87891-704-4. Retrieved 17 May 2008. 
^ Cramb, Alan W. "A Short History of Metals". Carnegie Mellon University. Archived from the original on 8 January 2007. Retrieved 8 January 2007. 
^ Chisholm, Hugh (1910). The Encyclopædia Britannica: A dictionary of arts, sciences, literature and general information. Encyclopædia Britannica. p. 708. Retrieved 17 May 2008. 
^ "The significance of the composition of excavated iron fragments taken from Stratum III at the site of Kaman-Kalehöyük, Turkey". Anatolian Archeological Studies. 14. 
^ "Ironware piece unearthed from Turkey found to be oldest steel". The Hindu. March 26, 2009. Archived from the original on 29 March 2009. Retrieved November 8, 2016. 
^ "The oldest representation of a Nile boat". Antiquity. 81. 
^ Potts, D. T. (2012). A Companion to the Archaeology of the Ancient Near East. p. 285. 
^ Childe, V. Gordon (1928). New Light on the Most Ancient East. p. 110. 
^ Anthony, David A. (2007). The Horse, the Wheel, and Language: How Bronze-Age Riders from the Eurasian Steppes Shaped the Modern World. Princeton: Princeton University Press. p. 67. ISBN 0-691-05887-3. 
^ Gasser, Aleksander (March 2003). "World's Oldest Wheel Found in Slovenia". Republic of Slovenia Government Communication Office. Retrieved November 8, 2016. 
^ Breslin, Gerry, ed. (2011). "technicism". Collins English Dictionary. HarperCollins. ISBN 9780007437863. 
^ "Philosophical and Ethical Problems of Technicism and Genetic Engineering". Society for Philosophy and Technology. 3. 
^ Monsma, Stephen V. (1986). Responsible Technology. Grand Rapids: W.B. Eerdmans Pub. Co. ISBN 0-8028-0175-7. 
^ Muehlhauser, Luke (November 10, 2015). "Intelligence Explosion FAQ". Machine Intelligence Research Institute. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ Kurzweil, Ray (2005). "The Six Epochs". The Singularity is Near: When Humans Transcend Biology. Penguin. ISBN 9781101218884. 
^ Hughes, James. "Democratic Transhumanism 2.0". Changesurfer. Retrieved November 10, 2016. 
^ Lovitt, William (1977). "The Question Concerning Technology". The Question Concerning Technology and Other Essays. Harper Torchbooks. pp. 3–35. ISBN 0-613-91314-0. Retrieved 21 November 2007. 
^ Heidegger, Martin (1977). "The Question Concerning Technology". The Question Concerning Technology and Other Essays. Translated by Lovitt, W. New York: HarperCollins. pp. 25–26. 
^ Dreyfus, Hubert; Spinosa, Charles (2006). "Further Reflections on Heidegger, Technology, and the Everyday". In Kompridis, Nikolas. Philosophical Romanticism. New York: Routledge. pp. 265–81. 
^ Postman, Neil (1993). Technopoly: The Surrender of Culture to Technology. New York: Vintage. 
^ Barney, Darin (2007). One Nation Under Google. Toronto: House of Anansi Press. 
^ "Technology's Challenge to Democracy". Parrhesia. 8. 
^ "Jared Bernstein". Center for Budget and Policy Priorities. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ a b "It’s Not a Skills Gap That’s Holding Wages Down: It's the Weak Economy, Among Other Things". The American Prospect. 25. 
^ a b Hughes, Thomas P. (2004). Human-Built World: How to Think About Technology and Culture. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. pp. 1–11. ISBN 9780226359335. 
^ Hughes, Thomas P. (2004) “Introduction: Complex Technology” (1–11) in "Human-Built World: How to Think About Technology and Culture"
^ Morozov, Evgeny (2013). To Save Everything, Click Here: The Folly of Technological Solutionism. New York: PublicAffairs. ISBN 9781610391399. 
^ Madrigal, Alexis C. (March 13, 2013). "Toward a Complex, Realistic, and Moral Tech Criticism". The Atlantic. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ Cohen, Benjamin; Ottinger, Gwen (2011). "Introduction: Environmental Justice and the Transformation of Science and Engineering". In Ottinger, Gwen; Cohen, Benjamin. Technoscience and Environmental Justice: Expert Cultures in a Grassroots Movement. MIT Press. pp. 1–18. ISBN 9780262015790. 
^ Ottinger, Gwen (2011). "Rupturing Engineering Education: Opportunities for Transforming Expert Identities Through Community-Based Projects". In Ottinger, Gwen; Cohen, Benjamin. Technoscience and Environmental Justice: Expert Cultures in a Grassroots Movement. MIT Press. pp. 229–48. ISBN 9780262015790. 
^ Sagan, Carl; Druyan, Ann; Leakey, Richard. "Chimpanzee Tool Use". Archived from the original on 21 September 2006. Retrieved 13 February 2007. 
^ Rincon, Paul (June 7, 2005). "Sponging dolphins learn from mum". BBC News. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ Schmid, Randolph E. (October 4, 2007). "Crows use tools to find food". NBC News. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ Rutz, C.; Bluff, L.A.; Weir, A.A.S.; Kacelnik, A. (4 October 2007). "Video cameras on wild birds". Science. 318 (5851): 765. Bibcode:2007Sci...318..765R. doi:10.1126/science.1146788. 
^ Oakley, K. P. (1976). Man the Tool-Maker. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 9780226612706. 
^ McGrew, W. C (1992). Chimpanzee Material Culture. Cambridge u.a.: Cambridge Univ. Press. ISBN 978-0-521-42371-7. 
^ Boesch, Christophe; Boesch, Hedwige (1984). "Mental map in wild chimpanzees: An analysis of hammer transports for nut cracking". Primates. 25 (2): 160–70. doi:10.1007/BF02382388. 
^ Brahic, Catherine (January 15, 2009). "Nut-cracking monkeys find the right tool for the job". New Scientist. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ Kurzweil, Ray (2005). "GNR: Three Overlapping Revolutions". The Singularity is Near. Penguin. ISBN 9781101218884. 


Further reading

Find more aboutTechnologyat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity



Ambrose, Stanley H. (2 March 2001). "Paleolithic Technology and Human Evolution" (PDF). Science. Science. 291 (5509): 1748–53. Bibcode:2001Sci...291.1748A. PMID 11249821. doi:10.1126/science.1059487. Retrieved 10 March 2007. 
Huesemann, M.H., and J.A. Huesemann (2011). Technofix: Why Technology Won’t Save Us or the Environment, New Society Publishers, ISBN 0865717044.
Kremer, Michael (1993). "Population Growth and Technological Change: One Million B.C. to 1990". Quarterly Journal of Economics. The MIT Press. 108 (3): 681–716. JSTOR 2118405. doi:10.2307/2118405. .
Kevin Kelly. What Technology Wants. New York, Viking Press, 14 October 2010, hardcover, 416 pages. ISBN 978-0-670-02215-1
Mumford, Lewis. (2010). Technics and Civilization. University of Chicago Press, ISBN 0226550273.
Rhodes, Richard. (2000). Visions of Technology: A Century of Vital Debate about Machines, Systems, and the Human World. Simon & Schuster, ISBN 0684863111.
Teich, A.H. (2008). Technology and the Future. Wadsworth Publishing, 11th edition, ISBN 0495570524.
Wright, R.T. (2008). Technology. Goodheart-Wilcox Company, 5th edition, ISBN 1590707184.







v
t
e


Technology






Outline of technology
Outline of applied science





Fields




Agriculture



Agricultural engineering
Aquaculture
Fisheries science
Food chemistry
Food engineering
Food microbiology
Food technology
GURT
ICT
Nutrition





Biomedical



Bioinformatics
Biological engineering
Biomechatronics
Biomedical engineering
Biotechnology
Cheminformatics
Genetic engineering
Healthcare science
Medical research
Medical technology
Nanomedicine
Neuroscience
Neurotechnology
Pharmacology
Reproductive technology
Tissue engineering





Buildings and
construction



Acoustical engineering
Architectural engineering
Building services engineering
Civil engineering
Construction engineering
Domestic technology
Facade engineering
Fire protection engineering
Safety engineering
Sanitary engineering
Structural engineering





Educational



Educational software
Digital technologies in education
ICT in education
Impact
Multimedia learning
Virtual campus
Virtual education





Energy



Nuclear engineering
Nuclear technology
Petroleum engineering
Soft energy technology





Environmental



Clean technology
Clean coal technology
Ecological design
Ecological engineering
Ecotechnology
Environmental engineering
Environmental engineering science
Green building
Green nanotechnology
Landscape engineering
Renewable energy
Sustainable design
Sustainable engineering





Industrial



Automation
Business informatics
Engineering management
Enterprise engineering
Financial engineering
Industrial biotechnology
Industrial engineering
Metallurgy
Mining engineering
Productivity improving technologies
Research and development
Tribology





IT and
communications



Artificial intelligence
Broadcast engineering
Computer engineering
Computer science
Financial technology
Information technology
Music technology
Ontology engineering
RF engineering
Software engineering
Telecommunications engineering
Visual technology
Web engineering





Military



Army engineering maintenance
Electronic warfare
Military communications
Military engineering
Stealth technology





Transport



Aerospace engineering
Automotive engineering
Naval architecture
Space technology
Traffic engineering
Transport engineering









Others




Applied
science



Cryogenics
Electro-optics
Electronics
Engineering geology
Engineering physics
Hydraulics
Materials science
Microfabrication
Nanoengineering





Engineering
(list)



Audio
Biochemical
Ceramic
Chemical
Polymer
Control
Electrical
Electronic
Entertainment
Geotechnical
Hydraulic
Mechanical
Mechatronics
Optical
Protein
Quantum
Robotics

Animatronics


Systems














Components



Infrastructure
Invention

Timeline


Knowledge
Machine
Skill

Craft


Tool

Gadget







Scales



Femtotechnology
Picotechnology
Nanotechnology
Microtechnology
Macro-engineering
Megascale engineering





History



Prehistoric technology
Neolithic Revolution
Ancient technology
Medieval technology
Renaissance technology
Industrial Revolution

Second


Atomic Age
Jet Age
Space Age
Digital Revolution
Information Age





Theories and
concepts



Appropriate technology
Collingridge dilemma
Critique of technology
Diffusion of innovations
Disruptive innovation
Dual-use technology
Ephemeralization
High tech
Hype cycle
Low-technology
Mature technology
Strategy of Technology
Technicism
Techno-progressivism
Technocapitalism
Technocentrism
Technocracy
Technocriticism
Technoculture
Technoethics
Technoetic
Technogaianism
Technoliberalism
Technolibertarianism
Technological alliance
Technological apartheid
Technological change
Technological convergence
Technological determinism
Technological escalation
Technological evolution
Technological fix
Technological innovation system
Technological momentum
Technological nationalism
Technological paradigm
Technological rationality
Technological revival
Technological revolution
Technological self-efficacy
Technological singularity

Singularitarianism


Technological somnambulism
Technological transitions
Technological unemployment
Technological utopianism
Technology lifecycle

Technology acceptance model
Technology adoption lifecycle


Technomancy
Technopaganism
Technorealism
Technoromanticism
Technoscience

feminist


Transhumanism





Other



Emerging technologies

List


Fictional technology
High-technology business districts
Kardashev scale
List of technologies
Philosophy of technology

Ethics of technology


Science, technology and society

Technology dynamics
Science and technology by country


STEM fields

Pre-STEM
women


STEAM fields
Technology alignment
Technology assessment
Technology brokering
Technology companies
Technology demonstration
Technology education

Technical universities and colleges


Technology evangelist
Technology fusion
Technology governance
Technology integration
Technology journalism
Technology management
Technology museum
Technology policy
Technology shock
Technology strategy
Technology and society
Technology transfer
Technophilia
Technophobia
Technoself
Technosexual
Technosignature
Technostress
Terotechnology








 Book
 Category
 Portal












v
t
e


Prehistoric technology






Prehistory

timeline
outline
Stone Age
subdivisions
New Stone Age
synoptic table


Technology

history












Tools







Farming



Neolithic Revolution

founder crops
New World crops


Ard / plough
Celt
Digging stick
Domestication
Goad
Irrigation
Secondary products
Sickle
Terracing





Food processing



Fire
Basket
Cooking

Earth oven


Granaries
Grinding slab
Ground stone
Hearth

Aşıklı Höyük
Qesem Cave


Manos
Metate
Mortar and pestle
Pottery
Quern-stone
Storage pit





Hunting







Arrow
Boomerang

throwing stick


Bow and arrow

history


Nets
Spear

Spear-thrower
baton
harpoon
woomera
Schöningen Spears







Projectile points



Arrowhead
Bare Island
Cascade
Clovis
Cresswell
Cumberland
Eden
Folsom
Lamoka
Manis Site
Plano
Transverse arrowhead





Systems



Game drive system

Buffalo jump










Toolmaking



Earliest toolmaking

Oldowan
Acheulean
Mousterian


Clovis culture
Cupstone
Fire hardening
Gravettian culture
Hafting
Hand axe

Grooves


Langdale axe industry
Levallois technique
Lithic core
Lithic reduction

analysis
debitage
flake


Lithic technology
Magdalenian culture
Metallurgy
Microblade technology
Mining
Prepared-core technique
Solutrean industry
Striking platform
Tool stone
Uniface
Yubetsu technique





Other tools



Adze
Awl

bone


Axe
Bannerstone
Blade

prismatic


Bone tool
Bow drill
Burin
Canoe

Oar
Pesse canoe


Chopper

tool


Cleaver
Denticulate tool
Fire plough
Fire-saw
Hammerstone
Knife
Microlith
Quern-stone
Racloir
Rope
Scraper

side


Stone tool
Tally stick
Weapons
Wheel

illustration


















Architecture







Ceremonial



Göbekli Tepe
Kiva
Standing stones

megalith
row
Stonehenge


Pyramid





Dwellings



Neolithic architecture
British megalith architecture
Nordic megalith architecture
Burdei
Cave
Cliff dwelling
Dugout
Hut

Quiggly hole


Jacal
Longhouse
Mud brick

Mehrgarh


Neolithic long house
Pit-house
Pueblitos
Pueblo
Rock shelter

Blombos Cave
Abri de la Madeleine
Sibudu Cave


Stone roof
Roundhouse
Stilt house

Alp pile dwellings


Wattle and daub





Water management



Check dam
Cistern
Flush toilet
Reservoir
Water well





Other architecture



Archaeological features
Broch
Burnt mound

fulacht fiadh


Causewayed enclosure

Tor enclosure


Circular enclosure

Goseck


Cursus
Henge

Thornborough


Oldest buildings
Megalithic architectural elements
Midden
Timber circle
Timber trackway

Sweet Track


















Arts and culture







Material goods



Baskets
Beadwork
Beds
Chalcolithic
Clothing/textiles

timeline


Cosmetics
Glue
Hides

shoes
Ötzi


Jewelry

amber use


Mirrors
Pottery

Cardium
Grooved ware
Linear
Jōmon
Unstan ware


Sewing needle
Weaving
Wine

Winery
wine press







Prehistoric art



Art of the Upper Paleolithic
Art of the Middle Paleolithic

Blombos Cave


List of Stone Age art
Bird stone
Bradshaw rock paintings
Cairn
Carved Stone Balls
Cave paintings

painting
pigment


Cup and ring mark
Geoglyph
Golden hats
Guardian stones
Megalithic art
Petroform
Petroglyph
Petrosomatoglyph
Pictogram
Rock art

Stone carving


Sculpture
Statue menhir
Stone circle

list
British Isles and Brittany


Venus figurines





Burial



Burial mounds

Bowl barrow
Round barrow


Mound Builders culture

U.S. sites


Chamber tomb

Severn-Cotswold


Cist

Dartmoor kistvaens


Clava cairn
Court tomb
Cremation
Dolmen

Great dolmen


Funeral pyre
Gallery grave

transepted
wedge-shaped


Grave goods
Jar burial
Long barrow

unchambered
Grønsalen


Megalithic tomb
Mummy
Passage grave
Rectangular dolmen
Ring cairn
Simple dolmen
Stone box grave
Tor cairn
Tumulus
Unchambered long cairn





Other cultural



Astronomy

sites
lunar calendar


Behavioral modernity
Origin of language
Prehistoric medicine

trepanning


Evolutionary musicology

music archaeology


Prehistoric music

Alligator drum
flutes
Divje Babe flute
gudi


Prehistoric numerals
Origin of religion

Paleolithic religion
Prehistoric religion
Spiritual drug use


Prehistoric warfare
Symbols

symbolism




















v
t
e


Emerging technologies



Fields




Agriculture



Agricultural robot
Closed ecological systems
Cultured meat
Genetically modified food
Precision agriculture
Vertical farming





Architecture



Arcology
Building printing

Contour crafting
D-Shape


Domed city





Biomedical



Artificial uterus
Ampakine
Brain transplant
Cryonics

Cryoprotectant
Cryopreservation
Vitrification
Suspended animation


De-extinction
Genetic engineering

Gene therapy


Head transplant
Isolated brain
Life extension

Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence


Nanomedicine
Nanosensors
Personalized medicine
Regenerative medicine

Stem-cell therapy
Tissue engineering


Robot-assisted surgery
Synthetic biology

Synthetic genomics


Virotherapy

Oncolytic virus


Tricorder
Whole genome sequencing





Displays




Next generation



FED
FLCD
iMoD
Laser
LPD
OLED
OLET
QD-LED
SED
TPD
TDEL
TMOS





Screenless



Bionic contact lens
Head-mounted display
Head-up display
Optical head-mounted display
Virtual retinal display





Other



Autostereoscopy
Flexible display
Holographic display

Computer-generated holography


Multi-primary color display
Ultra HD
Volumetric display








Electronics



Electronic nose
E-textiles
Flexible electronics
Molecular electronics
Nanoelectromechanical systems
Memristor
Spintronics
Thermal copper pillar bump





Energy




Production



Airborne wind turbine
Artificial photosynthesis
Biofuels
Carbon-neutral fuel
Concentrated solar power
Fusion power
Home fuel cell
Hydrogen economy
Methanol economy
Molten salt reactor
Nantenna
Photovoltaic pavement
Space-based solar power
Vortex engine





Storage



Beltway battery
Compressed air energy storage
Flywheel energy storage
Grid energy storage
Lithium–air battery
Molten salt battery
Nanowire battery
Research in lithium-ion batteries
Silicon–air battery
Thermal energy storage
Ultracapacitor





Other



Smart grid
Wireless power









Information and
communications




Ambient intelligence

Internet of Things


Artificial intelligence

Applications of artificial intelligence
Progress in artificial intelligence
Machine translation
Machine vision
Semantic Web
Speech recognition


Atomtronics
Carbon nanotube field-effect transistor
Cybermethodology
Fourth-generation optical discs

3D optical data storage
Holographic data storage


GPGPU
Memory

CBRAM
FRAM
Millipede
MRAM
NRAM
PRAM
Racetrack memory
RRAM
SONOS


Optical computing
RFID

Chipless RFID


Software-defined radio
Three-dimensional integrated circuit





Manufacturing



3D printing
Claytronics
Molecular assembler
Utility fog





Materials science



Aerogel
Amorphous metal
Artificial muscle
Conductive polymer
Femtotechnology
Fullerene
Graphene
High-temperature superconductivity
High-temperature superfluidity
Linear acetylenic carbon
Metamaterials

Metamaterial cloaking


Metal foam
Multi-function structures
Nanotechnology

Carbon nanotubes
Molecular nanotechnology
Nanomaterials


Picotechnology
Programmable matter
Quantum dots
Silicene
Superalloy
Synthetic diamond





Military



Antimatter weapon
Caseless ammunition
Directed-energy weapon

Laser
Maser
Particle-beam weapon
Sonic weapon
Coilgun
Railgun


Plasma weapon
Pure fusion weapon
Stealth technology
Vortex ring gun





Neuroscience



Artificial brain

Blue Brain Project


Brain–computer interface
Electroencephalography
Mind uploading

Brain-reading
Neuroinformatics


Neuroprosthetics

Bionic eye
Brain implant
Exocortex
Retinal implant







Quantum



Quantum algorithms
Quantum amplifier
Quantum bus
Quantum channel
Quantum circuit
Quantum complexity theory
Quantum computing
Quantum cryptography
Quantum dynamics
Quantum electronics
Quantum error correction
Quantum imaging
Quantum information
Quantum key distribution
Quantum logic
Quantum logic gates
Quantum machine
Quantum machine learning
Quantum metamaterial
Quantum metrology
Quantum network
Quantum neural network
Quantum optics
Quantum programming
Quantum sensing
Quantum simulator
Quantum teleportation





Robotics



Domotics
Nanorobotics
Powered exoskeleton
Self-reconfiguring modular robot
Swarm robotics
Uncrewed vehicle





Space science




Launch



Fusion rocket
Non-rocket spacelaunch

Mass driver
Orbital ring
Skyhook
Space elevator
Space fountain
Space tether


Reusable launch system





Propulsion



Beam-powered propulsion
Ion thruster
Laser propulsion
Plasma propulsion engine

Helicon thruster
VASIMR


Project Orion
Nuclear pulse propulsion
Solar sail





Other



Interstellar travel
Propellant depot








Transport




Aerial



Adaptive compliant wing
Aeroscraft
Backpack helicopter
Delivery drone
Flying car
High-altitude platform
Jet pack
Pulse detonation engine
Scramjet
Spaceplane

Skylon


Supersonic transport





Land



Airless tire

Tweel


Alternative fuel vehicle

Hydrogen vehicle


Driverless car
Ground effect train
Maglev train
Personal rapid transit
Vactrain

ET3 Global Alliance
Hyperloop


Vehicular communication systems





Pipeline



Pneumatic transport

Automated vacuum collection
Foodtubes










Other



Anti-gravity
Cloak of invisibility
Digital scent technology
Force field

Plasma window


Immersive virtual reality

VirtuSphere


Magnetic refrigeration
Phased-array optics








Topics



Collingridge dilemma
Differential technological development
Ephemeralization
Exploratory engineering
Fictional technology
Proactionary principle
Technological change

Technological unemployment


Technological convergence
Technological evolution
Technological paradigm
Technology forecasting

Accelerating change
Moore's law
Technological singularity
Technology scouting


Technology readiness level
Technology roadmap
Transhumanism








 Category
 List









Authority control



GND: 4059276-5










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Technology&oldid=791903690"					
Categories: Technology systemsHidden categories: CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listPages containing links to subscription-only contentWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesUse dmy dates from July 2015Wikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismArticles containing Ancient Greek-language textPages incorrectly using the quote templateWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésঅসমীয়াAsturianuAymar aruAzərbaycancaবাংলাBasa BanyumasanБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीБългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCebuanoČeštinaCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskFurlanGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego한국어HausaՀայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoIgboIlokanoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueᐃᓄᒃᑎᑐᑦ/inuktitutIsiXhosaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡКъарачай-малкъарქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliKreyòl ayisyenKurdîКыргызчаລາວLatinaLatviešuLietuviųLimburgsLa .lojban.MagyarMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuMirandésМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपालीनेपाल भाषा日本語НохчийнNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNouormandOccitanОлык марийଓଡ଼ିଆOromooOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPapiamentuپښتوPatoisភាសាខ្មែរPicardPolskiPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaRomânăRuna SimiРусиньскыйРусскийСаха тылаScotsShqipසිංහලSimple EnglishسنڌيSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்Татарча/tatarçaతెలుగుTetunไทยТоҷикӣTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوVènetoTiếng ViệtVõroWest-VlamsWinarayXitsongaייִדישYorùbá粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 05:25.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Technology - Wikipedia




















 







Technology

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the use and knowledge of techniques and processes for producing goods and services. For other uses, see Technology (disambiguation).




A steam turbine with the case opened. Such turbines produce most of the electricity that people use. Electricity consumption and living standards are highly correlated.[1] Electrification is believed to be the most important engineering achievement of the 20th century.


Technology ("science of craft", from Greek τέχνη, techne, "art, skill, cunning of hand"; and -λογία, -logia[2]) is the collection of techniques, skills, methods and processes used in the production of goods or services or in the accomplishment of objectives, such as scientific investigation. Technology can be the knowledge of techniques, processes, and the like, or it can be embedded in machines which can be operated without detailed knowledge of their workings.
The simplest form of technology is the development and use of basic tools. The prehistoric discovery of how to control fire and the later Neolithic Revolution increased the available sources of food and the invention of the wheel helped humans to travel in and control their environment. Developments in historic times, including the printing press, the telephone, and the Internet, have lessened physical barriers to communication and allowed humans to interact freely on a global scale. The steady progress of military technology has brought weapons of ever-increasing destructive power, from clubs to nuclear weapons.
Technology has many effects. It has helped develop more advanced economies (including today's global economy) and has allowed the rise of a leisure class. Many technological processes produce unwanted by-products known as pollution and deplete natural resources to the detriment of Earth's environment. Innovations have always influenced the values of a society and raised new questions of the ethics of technology. Examples include the rise of the notion of efficiency in terms of human productivity, and the challenges of bioethics.
Philosophical debates have arisen over the use of technology, with disagreements over whether technology improves the human condition or worsens it. Neo-Luddism, anarcho-primitivism, and similar reactionary movements criticise the pervasiveness of technology, arguing that it harms the environment and alienates people; proponents of ideologies such as transhumanism and techno-progressivism view continued technological progress as beneficial to society and the human condition.



Contents


1 Definition and usage
2 Science, engineering and technology
3 History

3.1 Paleolithic (2.5 Ma – 10 ka)

3.1.1 Stone tools
3.1.2 Fire
3.1.3 Clothing and shelter


3.2 Neolithic through classical antiquity (10 ka – 300 CE)

3.2.1 Metal tools
3.2.2 Energy and transport


3.3 Medieval and modern history (300 CE – present)


4 Philosophy

4.1 Technicism
4.2 Optimism
4.3 Skepticism and critics
4.4 Appropriate technology
4.5 Optimism and skepticism in the 21st century
4.6 Complex technological systems


5 Competitiveness
6 Other animal species
7 Future technology
8 See also
9 References
10 Further reading



Definition and usage




The spread of paper and printing to the West, as in this printing press, helped scientists and politicians communicate their ideas easily, leading to the Age of Enlightenment; an example of technology as cultural force.


The use of the term "technology" has changed significantly over the last 200 years. Before the 20th century, the term was uncommon in English, and usually referred to the description or study of the useful arts.[3] The term was often connected to technical education, as in the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (chartered in 1861).[4]
The term "technology" rose to prominence in the 20th century in connection with the Second Industrial Revolution. The term's meanings changed in the early 20th century when American social scientists, beginning with Thorstein Veblen, translated ideas from the German concept of Technik into "technology." In German and other European languages, a distinction exists between technik and technologie that is absent in English, which usually translates both terms as "technology." By the 1930s, "technology" referred not only to the study of the industrial arts but to the industrial arts themselves.[5]
In 1937, the American sociologist Read Bain wrote that "technology includes all tools, machines, utensils, weapons, instruments, housing, clothing, communicating and transporting devices and the skills by which we produce and use them."[6] Bain's definition remains common among scholars today, especially social scientists. Scientists and engineers usually prefer to define technology as applied science, rather than as the things that people make and use.[7] More recently, scholars have borrowed from European philosophers of "technique" to extend the meaning of technology to various forms of instrumental reason, as in Foucault's work on technologies of the self (techniques de soi).
Dictionaries and scholars have offered a variety of definitions. The Merriam-Webster Learner's Dictionary offers a definition of the term: "the use of science in industry, engineering, etc., to invent useful things or to solve problems" and "a machine, piece of equipment, method, etc., that is created by technology."[8] Ursula Franklin, in her 1989 "Real World of Technology" lecture, gave another definition of the concept; it is "practice, the way we do things around here."[9] The term is often used to imply a specific field of technology, or to refer to high technology or just consumer electronics, rather than technology as a whole.[10] Bernard Stiegler, in Technics and Time, 1, defines technology in two ways: as "the pursuit of life by means other than life," and as "organized inorganic matter."[11]
Technology can be most broadly defined as the entities, both material and immaterial, created by the application of mental and physical effort in order to achieve some value. In this usage, technology refers to tools and machines that may be used to solve real-world problems. It is a far-reaching term that may include simple tools, such as a crowbar or wooden spoon, or more complex machines, such as a space station or particle accelerator. Tools and machines need not be material; virtual technology, such as computer software and business methods, fall under this definition of technology.[12] W. Brian Arthur defines technology in a similarly broad way as "a means to fulfill a human purpose."[13]
The word "technology" can also be used to refer to a collection of techniques. In this context, it is the current state of humanity's knowledge of how to combine resources to produce desired products, to solve problems, fulfill needs, or satisfy wants; it includes technical methods, skills, processes, techniques, tools and raw materials. When combined with another term, such as "medical technology" or "space technology," it refers to the state of the respective field's knowledge and tools. "State-of-the-art technology" refers to the high technology available to humanity in any field.




The invention of integrated circuits and the microprocessor (here, an Intel 4004 chip from 1971) led to the modern computer revolution.


Technology can be viewed as an activity that forms or changes culture.[14] Additionally, technology is the application of math, science, and the arts for the benefit of life as it is known. A modern example is the rise of communication technology, which has lessened barriers to human interaction and as a result has helped spawn new subcultures; the rise of cyberculture has at its basis the development of the Internet and the computer.[15] Not all technology enhances culture in a creative way; technology can also help facilitate political oppression and war via tools such as guns. As a cultural activity, technology predates both science and engineering, each of which formalize some aspects of technological endeavor.

Science, engineering and technology




Antoine Lavoisier conducting an experiment with combustion generated by amplified sun light


The distinction between science, engineering, and technology is not always clear. Science is systematic knowledge of the physical or material world gained through observation and experimentation.[16] Technologies are not usually exclusively products of science, because they have to satisfy requirements such as utility, usability, and safety.
Engineering is the goal-oriented process of designing and making tools and systems to exploit natural phenomena for practical human means, often (but not always) using results and techniques from science. The development of technology may draw upon many fields of knowledge, including scientific, engineering, mathematical, linguistic, and historical knowledge, to achieve some practical result.
Technology is often a consequence of science and engineering, although technology as a human activity precedes the two fields. For example, science might study the flow of electrons in electrical conductors by using already-existing tools and knowledge. This new-found knowledge may then be used by engineers to create new tools and machines such as semiconductors, computers, and other forms of advanced technology. In this sense, scientists and engineers may both be considered technologists; the three fields are often considered as one for the purposes of research and reference.[17]
The exact relations between science and technology in particular have been debated by scientists, historians, and policymakers in the late 20th century, in part because the debate can inform the funding of basic and applied science. In the immediate wake of World War II, for example, it was widely considered in the United States that technology was simply "applied science" and that to fund basic science was to reap technological results in due time. An articulation of this philosophy could be found explicitly in Vannevar Bush's treatise on postwar science policy, Science – The Endless Frontier: "New products, new industries, and more jobs require continuous additions to knowledge of the laws of nature ... This essential new knowledge can be obtained only through basic scientific research."[18] In the late-1960s, however, this view came under direct attack, leading towards initiatives to fund science for specific tasks (initiatives resisted by the scientific community). The issue remains contentious, though most analysts resist the model that technology simply is a result of scientific research.[19][20]
History
Main articles: History of technology, Timeline of historic inventions, and Timeline of electrical and electronic engineering
Paleolithic (2.5 Ma – 10 ka)




A primitive chopper


Further information: Outline of prehistoric technology
The use of tools by early humans was partly a process of discovery and of evolution. Early humans evolved from a species of foraging hominids which were already bipedal,[21] with a brain mass approximately one third of modern humans.[22] Tool use remained relatively unchanged for most of early human history. Approximately 50,000 years ago, the use of tools and complex set of behaviors emerged, believed by many archaeologists to be connected to the emergence of fully modern language.[23]
Stone tools




Hand axes from the Acheulian period






A Clovis point, made via pressure flaking


Hominids started using primitive stone tools millions of years ago. The earliest stone tools were little more than a fractured rock, but approximately 75,000 years ago,[24] pressure flaking provided a way to make much finer work.
Fire
Main article: Control of fire by early humans
The discovery and utilization of fire, a simple energy source with many profound uses, was a turning point in the technological evolution of humankind.[25] The exact date of its discovery is not known; evidence of burnt animal bones at the Cradle of Humankind suggests that the domestication of fire occurred before 1 Ma;[26] scholarly consensus indicates that Homo erectus had controlled fire by between 500 and 400 ka.[27][28] Fire, fueled with wood and charcoal, allowed early humans to cook their food to increase its digestibility, improving its nutrient value and broadening the number of foods that could be eaten.[29]
Clothing and shelter
Other technological advances made during the Paleolithic era were clothing and shelter; the adoption of both technologies cannot be dated exactly, but they were a key to humanity's progress. As the Paleolithic era progressed, dwellings became more sophisticated and more elaborate; as early as 380 ka, humans were constructing temporary wood huts.[30][31] Clothing, adapted from the fur and hides of hunted animals, helped humanity expand into colder regions; humans began to migrate out of Africa by 200 ka and into other continents such as Eurasia.[32]
Neolithic through classical antiquity (10 ka – 300 CE)




An array of Neolithic artifacts, including bracelets, axe heads, chisels, and polishing tools


Human's technological ascent began in earnest in what is known as the Neolithic Period ("New Stone Age"). The invention of polished stone axes was a major advance that allowed forest clearance on a large scale to create farms. This use of polished stone axes increased greatly in the Neolithic, but were originally used in the preceding Mesolithic in some areas such as Ireland.[33] Agriculture fed larger populations, and the transition to sedentism allowed simultaneously raising more children, as infants no longer needed to be carried, as nomadic ones must. Additionally, children could contribute labor to the raising of crops more readily than they could to the hunter-gatherer economy.[34][35]
With this increase in population and availability of labor came an increase in labor specialization.[36] What triggered the progression from early Neolithic villages to the first cities, such as Uruk, and the first civilizations, such as Sumer, is not specifically known; however, the emergence of increasingly hierarchical social structures and specialized labor, of trade and war amongst adjacent cultures, and the need for collective action to overcome environmental challenges such as irrigation, are all thought to have played a role.[37]
Metal tools
Continuing improvements led to the furnace and bellows and provided the ability to smelt and forge native metals (naturally occurring in relatively pure form).[38] Gold, copper, silver, and lead, were such early metals. The advantages of copper tools over stone, bone, and wooden tools were quickly apparent to early humans, and native copper was probably used from near the beginning of Neolithic times (about 10 ka).[39] Native copper does not naturally occur in large amounts, but copper ores are quite common and some of them produce metal easily when burned in wood or charcoal fires. Eventually, the working of metals led to the discovery of alloys such as bronze and brass (about 4000 BCE). The first uses of iron alloys such as steel dates to around 1800 BCE.[40][41]
Energy and transport




The wheel was invented circa 4000 BCE.


Main article: History of transport
Meanwhile, humans were learning to harness other forms of energy. The earliest known use of wind power is the sailboat; the earliest record of a ship under sail is that of a Nile boat that dates back to the 8th millennium BCE.[42] From prehistoric times, Egyptians probably used the power of the annual flooding of the Nile to irrigate their lands, gradually learning to regulate much of it through purposely built irrigation channels and "catch" basins. Similarly, the early peoples of Mesopotamia, the Sumerians, learned to use the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers for much the same purposes. However, more extensive use of wind and water (and even human) power required another invention.
According to archaeologists, the wheel was invented around 4000 BCE probably independently and nearly simultaneously in Mesopotamia (in present-day Iraq), the Northern Caucasus (Maykop culture) and Central Europe.[43] Estimates on when this may have occurred range from 5500 to 3000 BCE with most experts putting it closer to 4000 BCE.[44] The oldest artifacts with drawings that depict wheeled carts date from about 3500 BCE;[45] however, the wheel may have been in use for millennia before these drawings were made. There is also evidence from the same period for the use of the potter's wheel. More recently, the oldest-known wooden wheel in the world was found in the Ljubljana marshes of Slovenia.[46]
The invention of the wheel revolutionized trade and war. It did not take long to discover that wheeled wagons could be used to carry heavy loads. Fast (rotary) potters' wheels enabled early mass production of pottery, but it was the use of the wheel as a transformer of energy (through water wheels, windmills, and even treadmills) that revolutionized the application of nonhuman power sources.
Medieval and modern history (300 CE – present)
Main articles: Medieval technology, Renaissance technology, Industrial Revolution, Second Industrial Revolution, Information Technology, and Productivity improving technologies (economic history)
Innovations continued through the Middle Ages with innovations such as silk, the horse collar and horseshoes in the first few hundred years after the fall of the Roman Empire. Medieval technology saw the use of simple machines (such as the lever, the screw, and the pulley) being combined to form more complicated tools, such as the wheelbarrow, windmills and clocks. The Renaissance brought forth many of these innovations, including the printing press (which facilitated the greater communication of knowledge), and technology became increasingly associated with science, beginning a cycle of mutual advancement. The advancements in technology in this era allowed a more steady supply of food, followed by the wider availability of consumer goods.




The automobile revolutionized personal transportation.


Starting in the United Kingdom in the 18th century, the Industrial Revolution was a period of great technological discovery, particularly in the areas of agriculture, manufacturing, mining, metallurgy, and transport, driven by the discovery of steam power. Technology took another step in a second industrial revolution with the harnessing of electricity to create such innovations as the electric motor, light bulb, and countless others. Scientific advancement and the discovery of new concepts later allowed for powered flight and advancements in medicine, chemistry, physics, and engineering. The rise in technology has led to skyscrapers and broad urban areas whose inhabitants rely on motors to transport them and their food supply. Communication was also greatly improved with the invention of the telegraph, telephone, radio and television. The late 19th and early 20th centuries saw a revolution in transportation with the invention of the airplane and automobile.




F-15 and F-16 flying over Kuwaiti oil fires during the Gulf War in 1991.


The 20th century brought a host of innovations. In physics, the discovery of nuclear fission has led to both nuclear weapons and nuclear power. Computers were also invented and later miniaturized utilizing transistors and integrated circuits. Information technology subsequently led to the creation of the Internet, which ushered in the current Information Age. Humans have also been able to explore space with satellites (later used for telecommunication) and in manned missions going all the way to the moon. In medicine, this era brought innovations such as open-heart surgery and later stem cell therapy along with new medications and treatments.
Complex manufacturing and construction techniques and organizations are needed to make and maintain these new technologies, and entire industries have arisen to support and develop succeeding generations of increasingly more complex tools. Modern technology increasingly relies on training and education – their designers, builders, maintainers, and users often require sophisticated general and specific training. Moreover, these technologies have become so complex that entire fields have been created to support them, including engineering, medicine, and computer science, and other fields have been made more complex, such as construction, transportation and architecture.
Philosophy
Technicism
Generally, technicism is the belief in the utility of technology for improving human societies.[47] Taken to an extreme, technicism "reflects a fundamental attitude which seeks to control reality, to resolve all problems with the use of scientific-technological methods and tools."[48] In other words, human beings will someday be able to master all problems and possibly even control the future using technology. Some, such as Stephen V. Monsma,[49] connect these ideas to the abdication of religion as a higher moral authority.
Optimism
See also: Extropianism
Optimistic assumptions are made by proponents of ideologies such as transhumanism and singularitarianism, which view technological development as generally having beneficial effects for the society and the human condition. In these ideologies, technological development is morally good.
Transhumanists generally believe that the point of technology is to overcome barriers, and that what we commonly refer to as the human condition is just another barrier to be surpassed.
Singularitarians believe in some sort of "accelerating change"; that the rate of technological progress accelerates as we obtain more technology, and that this will culminate in a "Singularity" after artificial general intelligence is invented in which progress is nearly infinite; hence the term. Estimates for the date of this Singularity vary,[50] but prominent futurist Ray Kurzweil estimates the Singularity will occur in 2045.
Kurzweil is also known for his history of the universe in six epochs: (1) the physical/chemical epoch, (2) the life epoch, (3) the human/brain epoch, (4) the technology epoch, (5) the artificial intelligence epoch, and (6) the universal colonization epoch. Going from one epoch to the next is a Singularity in its own right, and a period of speeding up precedes it. Each epoch takes a shorter time, which means the whole history of the universe is one giant Singularity event.[51]
Some critics see these ideologies as examples of scientism and techno-utopianism and fear the notion of human enhancement and technological singularity which they support. Some have described Karl Marx as a techno-optimist.[52]
Skepticism and critics
See also: Luddite, Neo-Luddism, Anarcho-primitivism, and Bioconservatism




Luddites smashing a power loom in 1812


On the somewhat skeptical side are certain philosophers like Herbert Marcuse and John Zerzan, who believe that technological societies are inherently flawed. They suggest that the inevitable result of such a society is to become evermore technological at the cost of freedom and psychological health.
Many, such as the Luddites and prominent philosopher Martin Heidegger, hold serious, although not entirely, deterministic reservations about technology (see "The Question Concerning Technology"[53]). According to Heidegger scholars Hubert Dreyfus and Charles Spinosa, "Heidegger does not oppose technology. He hopes to reveal the essence of technology in a way that 'in no way confines us to a stultified compulsion to push on blindly with technology or, what comes to the same thing, to rebel helplessly against it.' Indeed, he promises that 'when we once open ourselves expressly to the essence of technology, we find ourselves unexpectedly taken into a freeing claim.'[54] What this entails is a more complex relationship to technology than either techno-optimists or techno-pessimists tend to allow."[55]
Some of the most poignant criticisms of technology are found in what are now considered to be dystopian literary classics such as Aldous Huxley's Brave New World, Anthony Burgess's A Clockwork Orange, and George Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Four. In Goethe's Faust, Faust selling his soul to the devil in return for power over the physical world is also often interpreted as a metaphor for the adoption of industrial technology. More recently, modern works of science fiction such as those by Philip K. Dick and William Gibson and films such as Blade Runner and Ghost in the Shell project highly ambivalent or cautionary attitudes toward technology's impact on human society and identity.
The late cultural critic Neil Postman distinguished tool-using societies from technological societies and from what he called "technopolies," societies that are dominated by the ideology of technological and scientific progress to the exclusion or harm of other cultural practices, values and world-views.[56]
Darin Barney has written about technology's impact on practices of citizenship and democratic culture, suggesting that technology can be construed as (1) an object of political debate, (2) a means or medium of discussion, and (3) a setting for democratic deliberation and citizenship. As a setting for democratic culture, Barney suggests that technology tends to make ethical questions, including the question of what a good life consists in, nearly impossible, because they already give an answer to the question: a good life is one that includes the use of more and more technology.[57]
Nikolas Kompridis has also written about the dangers of new technology, such as genetic engineering, nanotechnology, synthetic biology, and robotics. He warns that these technologies introduce unprecedented new challenges to human beings, including the possibility of the permanent alteration of our biological nature. These concerns are shared by other philosophers, scientists and public intellectuals who have written about similar issues (e.g. Francis Fukuyama, Jürgen Habermas, William Joy, and Michael Sandel).[58]
Another prominent critic of technology is Hubert Dreyfus, who has published books such as On the Internet and What Computers Still Can't Do.
A more infamous anti-technological treatise is Industrial Society and Its Future, written by the Unabomber Ted Kaczynski and printed in several major newspapers (and later books) as part of an effort to end his bombing campaign of the techno-industrial infrastructure.
Appropriate technology
See also: Technocriticism and Technorealism
The notion of appropriate technology was developed in the 20th century by thinkers such as E. F. Schumacher and Jacques Ellul to describe situations where it was not desirable to use very new technologies or those that required access to some centralized infrastructure or parts or skills imported from elsewhere. The ecovillage movement emerged in part due to this concern.
Optimism and skepticism in the 21st century
This section mainly focuses on American concerns even if it can reasonably be generalized to other Western countries.

The inadequate quantity and quality of American jobs is one of the most fundamental economic challenges we face. [...] What's the linkage between technology and this fundamental problem?
— Bernstein, Jared, "It’s Not a Skills Gap That’s Holding Wages Down: It’s the Weak Economy, Among Other Things," in The American Prospect, October 2014

In his article, Jared Bernstein, a Senior Fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities,[59] questions the widespread idea that automation, and more broadly, technological advances, have mainly contributed to this growing labor market problem. His thesis appears to be a third way between optimism and skepticism. Essentially, he stands for a neutral approach of the linkage between technology and American issues concerning unemployment and declining wages.
He uses two main arguments to defend his point. First, because of recent technological advances, an increasing number of workers are losing their jobs. Yet, scientific evidence fails to clearly demonstrate that technology has displaced so many workers that it has created more problems than it has solved. Indeed, automation threatens repetitive jobs but higher-end jobs are still necessary because they complement technology and manual jobs that "requires flexibility judgment and common sense"[60] remain hard to replace with machines. Second, studies have not shown clear links between recent technology advances and the wage trends of the last decades.
Therefore, according to Bernstein, instead of focusing on technology and its hypothetical influences on current American increasing unemployment and declining wages, one needs to worry more about "bad policy that fails to offset the imbalances in demand, trade, income and opportunity."[60]
Complex technological systems
Thomas P. Hughes stated that because technology has been considered as a key way to solve problems, we need to be aware of its complex and varied characters to use it more efficiently.[61] What is the difference between a wheel or a compass and cooking machines such as an oven or a gas stove? Can we consider all of them, only a part of them, or none of them as technologies?
Technology is often considered too narrowly; according to Hughes, "Technology is a creative process involving human ingenuity.[62] This definition's emphasis on creativity avoids unbounded definitions that may mistakenly include cooking “technologies," but it also highlights the prominent role of humans and therefore their responsibilities for the use of complex technological systems.
Yet, because technology is everywhere and has dramatically changed landscapes and societies, Hughes argues that engineers, scientists, and managers have often believed that they can use technology to shape the world as they want. They have often supposed that technology is easily controllable and this assumption has to be thoroughly questioned.[61] For instance, Evgeny Morozov particularly challenges two concepts: “Internet-centrism” and “solutionism."[63] Internet-centrism refers to the idea that our society is convinced that the Internet is one of the most stable and coherent forces. Solutionism is the ideology that every social issue can be solved thanks to technology and especially thanks to the internet. In fact, technology intrinsically contains uncertainties and limitations. According to Alexis Madrigal's review of Morozov's theory, to ignore it will lead to “unexpected consequences that could eventually cause more damage than the problems they seek to address."[64] Benjamin R. Cohen and Gwen Ottinger also discussed the multivalent effects of technology.[65]
Therefore, recognition of the limitations of technology, and more broadly, scientific knowledge, is needed – especially in cases dealing with environmental justice and health issues. Ottinger continues this reasoning and argues that the ongoing recognition of the limitations of scientific knowledge goes hand in hand with scientists and engineers’ new comprehension of their role. Such an approach of technology and science "[require] technical professionals to conceive of their roles in the process differently. [They have to consider themselves as] collaborators in research and problem solving rather than simply providers of information and technical solutions."[66]
Competitiveness
Technology is properly defined as any application of science to accomplish a function. The science can be leading edge or well established and the function can have high visibility or be significantly more mundane, but it is all technology, and its exploitation is the foundation of all competitive advantage.
Technology-based planning is what was used to build the US industrial giants before WWII (e.g., Dow, DuPont, GM) and it is what was used to transform the US into a superpower. It was not economic-based planning.
Other animal species
See also: Tool use by animals, Structures built by animals, and Ecosystem engineer




This adult gorilla uses a branch as a walking stick to gauge the water's depth, an example of technology usage by non-human primates.


The use of basic technology is also a feature of other animal species apart from humans. These include primates such as chimpanzees,[67] some dolphin communities,[68] and crows.[69][70] Considering a more generic perspective of technology as ethology of active environmental conditioning and control, we can also refer to animal examples such as beavers and their dams, or bees and their honeycombs.
The ability to make and use tools was once considered a defining characteristic of the genus Homo.[71] However, the discovery of tool construction among chimpanzees and related primates has discarded the notion of the use of technology as unique to humans. For example, researchers have observed wild chimpanzees utilising tools for foraging: some of the tools used include leaf sponges, termite fishing probes, pestles and levers.[72] West African chimpanzees also use stone hammers and anvils for cracking nuts,[73] as do capuchin monkeys of Boa Vista, Brazil.[74]
Future technology
Main article: Emerging technologies
Theories of technology often attempt to predict the future of technology based on the high technology and science of the time. As with all predictions of the future, however, technology's is uncertain.
Futurist Ray Kurzweil predicts that the future of technology will be mainly consist of an overlapping "GNR Revolution" of Genetics, Nanotechnology, and Robotics, with robotics being the most important of the three.[75]
See also
Main article: Outline of technology





Book: Technology






Technology portal




Architectural technology
Critique of technology
Greatest Engineering Achievements of the 20th Century
History of science and technology
Knowledge economy
Law of the instrument – Golden hammer
Lewis Mumford
List of years in science
Niche construction
Science and technology in Argentina
Technological convergence
Technology and society
Technology assessment
Technology tree
-logy
Superpower § Possible factors


Theories and concepts in technology


Appropriate technology
Diffusion of innovations
Human enhancement
Instrumental conception of technology
Jacques Ellul
Paradigm
Philosophy of technology
Posthumanism
Precautionary principle
Singularitarianism
Strategy of Technology
Techno-progressivism
Technocentrism
Technocracy
Technocriticism
Technological determinism
Technological evolution
Technological nationalism
Technological revival
Technological singularity
Technology management
Technology readiness level
Technorealism
Transhumanism


Economics of technology


Energy accounting
Nanosocialism
Post-scarcity economy
Productivity improving technologies (economic history)
Technocracy
Technocapitalism
Technological diffusion
Technology acceptance model
Technology lifecycle
Technology transfer


Technology journalism


Engadget
TechCrunch
The Verge (website)
Wired (magazine)


Other


STEM fields


References


^ National Research Council; Division on Engineering and Physical Sciences; Energy Engineering Board; Commission on Engineering and Technical Systems; Committee on Electricity in Economic Growth (1986). Electricity in Economic Growth. Washington, DC: National Academies Press. pp. 16, 40. ISBN 0-309-03677-1. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Liddell, Henry George; Scott, Robert (1980). A Greek-English Lexicon (Abridged Edition). United Kingdom: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19-910207-4. 
^ Crabb, George (1823). Universal Technological Dictionary, or Familiar Explanation of the Terms Used in All Arts and Sciences. London: Baldwin, Cradock, and Joy. p. 524 – via Internet Archive. 
^ Mannix, Loretta H.; Stratton, Julius Adams (2005). Mind and Hand: The Birth of MIT. Cambridge: MIT Press. pp. 190–92. ISBN 0262195240. 
^ "Technik Comes to America: Changing Meanings of Technology Before 1930". Technology and Culture. 47. 
^ "Technology and State Government". American Sociological Review. 2. 
^ MacKenzie, Donald A.; Wajcman, Judy (1999). "Introductory Essay". The Social Shaping of Technology (2nd ed.). Buckingham: Open University Press. ISBN 0-335-19913-5. 
^ "Technology | Definition of Technology by Merriam-Webster". Merriam-Webster. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Franklin, Ursula (1999). The Real World of Technology (revised ed.). Scarborough: House of Anansi. ISBN 9780887848919. 
^ See, for example, "Technology". BBC News. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Stiegler, Bernard (1998). Technics and Time, 1: The Fault of Epimetheus. Stanford University Press. pp. 17, 82. ISBN 0-8047-3041-5.  Stiegler has more recently stated that biotechnology can no longer be defined as "organized inorganic matter," given that it is, rather, "the reorganization of the organic." Stiegler, Bernard (2008). L'avenir du passé: Modernité de l'archéologie. La Découverte. p. 23. ISBN 2-7071-5495-4. 
^ "Industry, Technology and the Global Marketplace: International Patenting Trends in Two New Technology Areas". Science and Engineering Indicators 2002. National Science Foundation. Archived from the original on 18 August 2005. Retrieved 7 May 2007. 
^ Arthur, W. Brian (2009). The Nature of Technology. New York: Free Press. p. 28. ISBN 978-1-4165-4405-0. 
^ Borgmann, Albert (2006). "Technology as a Cultural Force: For Alena and Griffin" (fee required). The Canadian Journal of Sociology. 31 (3): 351–60. doi:10.1353/cjs.2006.0050. Retrieved 16 February 2007. 
^ Macek, Jakub. "Defining Cyberculture". Retrieved 25 May 2007. 
^ "Science". Dictionary.com. 2016. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ "Intute: Science, Engineering and Technology". Intute. Archived from the original on 17 February 2007. Retrieved 17 February 2007. 
^ Bush, Vannevar (July 1945). "Science the Endless Frontier". National Science Foundation. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Wise, George (1985). "Science and Technology". Osiris (2nd Series). 1: 229–46. doi:10.1086/368647. 
^ Guston, David H. (2000). Between Politics and Science: Assuring the Integrity and Productivity of Research. New York: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-65318-5. 
^ "Mother of man – 3.2 million years ago". BBC. Retrieved 17 May 2008. 
^ "Human Evolution". History Channel. Archived from the original on 23 April 2008. Retrieved 17 May 2008. 
^ Wade, Nicholas (July 15, 2003). "Early Voices: The Leap to Language". The New York Times. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Bower, Bruce (October 29, 2010). "Stone Agers Sharpened Skills 55,000 Years Earlier Than Thought". WIRED. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Crump, Thomas (2001). A Brief History of Science. Constable & Robinson. p. 9. ISBN 1-84119-235-X. 
^ "Fossil Hominid Sites of Sterkfontein, Swartkrans, Kromdraai, and Environs". UNESCO. Retrieved 10 March 2007. 
^ "Stone Age Man". History World. Retrieved 13 February 2007. 
^ James, Steven R. (February 1989). "Hominid Use of Fire in the Lower and Middle Pleistocene". Current Anthropology. 30 (1): 1–26. JSTOR 2743299. doi:10.1086/203705. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ Stahl, Ann B. (1984). "Hominid dietary selection before fire". Current Anthropology. 25 (2): 151–68. JSTOR 2742818. doi:10.1086/203106. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ O'Neil, Dennis. "Evolution of Modern Humans: Archaic Homo sapiens Culture". Palomar College. Retrieved 31 March 2007. 
^ Villa, Paola (1983). Terra Amata and the Middle Pleistocene archaeological record of southern France. Berkeley: University of California Press. p. 303. ISBN 0-520-09662-2. 
^ Cordaux, Richard; Stoneking, Mark (2003). "South Asia, the Andamanese, and the Genetic Evidence for an 'Early' Human Dispersal out of Africa" (PDF). American Journal of Human Genetics. 72 (6): 1586–90; author reply 1590–93. PMC 1180321 . PMID 12817589. doi:10.1086/375407. 
^ Driscoll, Killian (2006). The early prehistory in the west of Ireland: Investigations into the social archaeology of the Mesolithic, west of the Shannon, Ireland. 
^ University of Chicago Press Journals (January 4, 2006). "The First Baby Boom: Skeletal Evidence Shows Abrupt Worldwide Increase In Birth Rate During Neolithic Period". ScienceDaily. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Sussman, Robert W.; Hall, Roberta L. (April 1972). "Child Transport, Family Size, and Increase in Human Population During the Neolithic". Current Anthropology. University of Chicago Press. 13 (2): 258–67. JSTOR 2740977. doi:10.1086/201274. 
^ Ferraro, Gary P. (2006). Cultural Anthropology: An Applied Perspective. The Thomson Corporation. ISBN 0-495-03039-2. Retrieved 17 May 2008. 
^ Patterson, Gordon M. (1992). The ESSENTIALS of Ancient History. Research & Education Association. ISBN 978-0-87891-704-4. Retrieved 17 May 2008. 
^ Cramb, Alan W. "A Short History of Metals". Carnegie Mellon University. Archived from the original on 8 January 2007. Retrieved 8 January 2007. 
^ Chisholm, Hugh (1910). The Encyclopædia Britannica: A dictionary of arts, sciences, literature and general information. Encyclopædia Britannica. p. 708. Retrieved 17 May 2008. 
^ "The significance of the composition of excavated iron fragments taken from Stratum III at the site of Kaman-Kalehöyük, Turkey". Anatolian Archeological Studies. 14. 
^ "Ironware piece unearthed from Turkey found to be oldest steel". The Hindu. March 26, 2009. Archived from the original on 29 March 2009. Retrieved November 8, 2016. 
^ "The oldest representation of a Nile boat". Antiquity. 81. 
^ Potts, D. T. (2012). A Companion to the Archaeology of the Ancient Near East. p. 285. 
^ Childe, V. Gordon (1928). New Light on the Most Ancient East. p. 110. 
^ Anthony, David A. (2007). The Horse, the Wheel, and Language: How Bronze-Age Riders from the Eurasian Steppes Shaped the Modern World. Princeton: Princeton University Press. p. 67. ISBN 0-691-05887-3. 
^ Gasser, Aleksander (March 2003). "World's Oldest Wheel Found in Slovenia". Republic of Slovenia Government Communication Office. Retrieved November 8, 2016. 
^ Breslin, Gerry, ed. (2011). "technicism". Collins English Dictionary. HarperCollins. ISBN 9780007437863. 
^ "Philosophical and Ethical Problems of Technicism and Genetic Engineering". Society for Philosophy and Technology. 3. 
^ Monsma, Stephen V. (1986). Responsible Technology. Grand Rapids: W.B. Eerdmans Pub. Co. ISBN 0-8028-0175-7. 
^ Muehlhauser, Luke (November 10, 2015). "Intelligence Explosion FAQ". Machine Intelligence Research Institute. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ Kurzweil, Ray (2005). "The Six Epochs". The Singularity is Near: When Humans Transcend Biology. Penguin. ISBN 9781101218884. 
^ Hughes, James. "Democratic Transhumanism 2.0". Changesurfer. Retrieved November 10, 2016. 
^ Lovitt, William (1977). "The Question Concerning Technology". The Question Concerning Technology and Other Essays. Harper Torchbooks. pp. 3–35. ISBN 0-613-91314-0. Retrieved 21 November 2007. 
^ Heidegger, Martin (1977). "The Question Concerning Technology". The Question Concerning Technology and Other Essays. Translated by Lovitt, W. New York: HarperCollins. pp. 25–26. 
^ Dreyfus, Hubert; Spinosa, Charles (2006). "Further Reflections on Heidegger, Technology, and the Everyday". In Kompridis, Nikolas. Philosophical Romanticism. New York: Routledge. pp. 265–81. 
^ Postman, Neil (1993). Technopoly: The Surrender of Culture to Technology. New York: Vintage. 
^ Barney, Darin (2007). One Nation Under Google. Toronto: House of Anansi Press. 
^ "Technology's Challenge to Democracy". Parrhesia. 8. 
^ "Jared Bernstein". Center for Budget and Policy Priorities. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ a b "It’s Not a Skills Gap That’s Holding Wages Down: It's the Weak Economy, Among Other Things". The American Prospect. 25. 
^ a b Hughes, Thomas P. (2004). Human-Built World: How to Think About Technology and Culture. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. pp. 1–11. ISBN 9780226359335. 
^ Hughes, Thomas P. (2004) “Introduction: Complex Technology” (1–11) in "Human-Built World: How to Think About Technology and Culture"
^ Morozov, Evgeny (2013). To Save Everything, Click Here: The Folly of Technological Solutionism. New York: PublicAffairs. ISBN 9781610391399. 
^ Madrigal, Alexis C. (March 13, 2013). "Toward a Complex, Realistic, and Moral Tech Criticism". The Atlantic. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ Cohen, Benjamin; Ottinger, Gwen (2011). "Introduction: Environmental Justice and the Transformation of Science and Engineering". In Ottinger, Gwen; Cohen, Benjamin. Technoscience and Environmental Justice: Expert Cultures in a Grassroots Movement. MIT Press. pp. 1–18. ISBN 9780262015790. 
^ Ottinger, Gwen (2011). "Rupturing Engineering Education: Opportunities for Transforming Expert Identities Through Community-Based Projects". In Ottinger, Gwen; Cohen, Benjamin. Technoscience and Environmental Justice: Expert Cultures in a Grassroots Movement. MIT Press. pp. 229–48. ISBN 9780262015790. 
^ Sagan, Carl; Druyan, Ann; Leakey, Richard. "Chimpanzee Tool Use". Archived from the original on 21 September 2006. Retrieved 13 February 2007. 
^ Rincon, Paul (June 7, 2005). "Sponging dolphins learn from mum". BBC News. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ Schmid, Randolph E. (October 4, 2007). "Crows use tools to find food". NBC News. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ Rutz, C.; Bluff, L.A.; Weir, A.A.S.; Kacelnik, A. (4 October 2007). "Video cameras on wild birds". Science. 318 (5851): 765. Bibcode:2007Sci...318..765R. doi:10.1126/science.1146788. 
^ Oakley, K. P. (1976). Man the Tool-Maker. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 9780226612706. 
^ McGrew, W. C (1992). Chimpanzee Material Culture. Cambridge u.a.: Cambridge Univ. Press. ISBN 978-0-521-42371-7. 
^ Boesch, Christophe; Boesch, Hedwige (1984). "Mental map in wild chimpanzees: An analysis of hammer transports for nut cracking". Primates. 25 (2): 160–70. doi:10.1007/BF02382388. 
^ Brahic, Catherine (January 15, 2009). "Nut-cracking monkeys find the right tool for the job". New Scientist. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ Kurzweil, Ray (2005). "GNR: Three Overlapping Revolutions". The Singularity is Near. Penguin. ISBN 9781101218884. 


Further reading

Find more aboutTechnologyat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity



Ambrose, Stanley H. (2 March 2001). "Paleolithic Technology and Human Evolution" (PDF). Science. Science. 291 (5509): 1748–53. Bibcode:2001Sci...291.1748A. PMID 11249821. doi:10.1126/science.1059487. Retrieved 10 March 2007. 
Huesemann, M.H., and J.A. Huesemann (2011). Technofix: Why Technology Won’t Save Us or the Environment, New Society Publishers, ISBN 0865717044.
Kremer, Michael (1993). "Population Growth and Technological Change: One Million B.C. to 1990". Quarterly Journal of Economics. The MIT Press. 108 (3): 681–716. JSTOR 2118405. doi:10.2307/2118405. .
Kevin Kelly. What Technology Wants. New York, Viking Press, 14 October 2010, hardcover, 416 pages. ISBN 978-0-670-02215-1
Mumford, Lewis. (2010). Technics and Civilization. University of Chicago Press, ISBN 0226550273.
Rhodes, Richard. (2000). Visions of Technology: A Century of Vital Debate about Machines, Systems, and the Human World. Simon & Schuster, ISBN 0684863111.
Teich, A.H. (2008). Technology and the Future. Wadsworth Publishing, 11th edition, ISBN 0495570524.
Wright, R.T. (2008). Technology. Goodheart-Wilcox Company, 5th edition, ISBN 1590707184.







v
t
e


Technology






Outline of technology
Outline of applied science





Fields




Agriculture



Agricultural engineering
Aquaculture
Fisheries science
Food chemistry
Food engineering
Food microbiology
Food technology
GURT
ICT
Nutrition





Biomedical



Bioinformatics
Biological engineering
Biomechatronics
Biomedical engineering
Biotechnology
Cheminformatics
Genetic engineering
Healthcare science
Medical research
Medical technology
Nanomedicine
Neuroscience
Neurotechnology
Pharmacology
Reproductive technology
Tissue engineering





Buildings and
construction



Acoustical engineering
Architectural engineering
Building services engineering
Civil engineering
Construction engineering
Domestic technology
Facade engineering
Fire protection engineering
Safety engineering
Sanitary engineering
Structural engineering





Educational



Educational software
Digital technologies in education
ICT in education
Impact
Multimedia learning
Virtual campus
Virtual education





Energy



Nuclear engineering
Nuclear technology
Petroleum engineering
Soft energy technology





Environmental



Clean technology
Clean coal technology
Ecological design
Ecological engineering
Ecotechnology
Environmental engineering
Environmental engineering science
Green building
Green nanotechnology
Landscape engineering
Renewable energy
Sustainable design
Sustainable engineering





Industrial



Automation
Business informatics
Engineering management
Enterprise engineering
Financial engineering
Industrial biotechnology
Industrial engineering
Metallurgy
Mining engineering
Productivity improving technologies
Research and development
Tribology





IT and
communications



Artificial intelligence
Broadcast engineering
Computer engineering
Computer science
Financial technology
Information technology
Music technology
Ontology engineering
RF engineering
Software engineering
Telecommunications engineering
Visual technology
Web engineering





Military



Army engineering maintenance
Electronic warfare
Military communications
Military engineering
Stealth technology





Transport



Aerospace engineering
Automotive engineering
Naval architecture
Space technology
Traffic engineering
Transport engineering









Others




Applied
science



Cryogenics
Electro-optics
Electronics
Engineering geology
Engineering physics
Hydraulics
Materials science
Microfabrication
Nanoengineering





Engineering
(list)



Audio
Biochemical
Ceramic
Chemical
Polymer
Control
Electrical
Electronic
Entertainment
Geotechnical
Hydraulic
Mechanical
Mechatronics
Optical
Protein
Quantum
Robotics

Animatronics


Systems














Components



Infrastructure
Invention

Timeline


Knowledge
Machine
Skill

Craft


Tool

Gadget







Scales



Femtotechnology
Picotechnology
Nanotechnology
Microtechnology
Macro-engineering
Megascale engineering





History



Prehistoric technology
Neolithic Revolution
Ancient technology
Medieval technology
Renaissance technology
Industrial Revolution

Second


Atomic Age
Jet Age
Space Age
Digital Revolution
Information Age





Theories and
concepts



Appropriate technology
Collingridge dilemma
Critique of technology
Diffusion of innovations
Disruptive innovation
Dual-use technology
Ephemeralization
High tech
Hype cycle
Low-technology
Mature technology
Strategy of Technology
Technicism
Techno-progressivism
Technocapitalism
Technocentrism
Technocracy
Technocriticism
Technoculture
Technoethics
Technoetic
Technogaianism
Technoliberalism
Technolibertarianism
Technological alliance
Technological apartheid
Technological change
Technological convergence
Technological determinism
Technological escalation
Technological evolution
Technological fix
Technological innovation system
Technological momentum
Technological nationalism
Technological paradigm
Technological rationality
Technological revival
Technological revolution
Technological self-efficacy
Technological singularity

Singularitarianism


Technological somnambulism
Technological transitions
Technological unemployment
Technological utopianism
Technology lifecycle

Technology acceptance model
Technology adoption lifecycle


Technomancy
Technopaganism
Technorealism
Technoromanticism
Technoscience

feminist


Transhumanism





Other



Emerging technologies

List


Fictional technology
High-technology business districts
Kardashev scale
List of technologies
Philosophy of technology

Ethics of technology


Science, technology and society

Technology dynamics
Science and technology by country


STEM fields

Pre-STEM
women


STEAM fields
Technology alignment
Technology assessment
Technology brokering
Technology companies
Technology demonstration
Technology education

Technical universities and colleges


Technology evangelist
Technology fusion
Technology governance
Technology integration
Technology journalism
Technology management
Technology museum
Technology policy
Technology shock
Technology strategy
Technology and society
Technology transfer
Technophilia
Technophobia
Technoself
Technosexual
Technosignature
Technostress
Terotechnology








 Book
 Category
 Portal












v
t
e


Prehistoric technology






Prehistory

timeline
outline
Stone Age
subdivisions
New Stone Age
synoptic table


Technology

history












Tools







Farming



Neolithic Revolution

founder crops
New World crops


Ard / plough
Celt
Digging stick
Domestication
Goad
Irrigation
Secondary products
Sickle
Terracing





Food processing



Fire
Basket
Cooking

Earth oven


Granaries
Grinding slab
Ground stone
Hearth

Aşıklı Höyük
Qesem Cave


Manos
Metate
Mortar and pestle
Pottery
Quern-stone
Storage pit





Hunting







Arrow
Boomerang

throwing stick


Bow and arrow

history


Nets
Spear

Spear-thrower
baton
harpoon
woomera
Schöningen Spears







Projectile points



Arrowhead
Bare Island
Cascade
Clovis
Cresswell
Cumberland
Eden
Folsom
Lamoka
Manis Site
Plano
Transverse arrowhead





Systems



Game drive system

Buffalo jump










Toolmaking



Earliest toolmaking

Oldowan
Acheulean
Mousterian


Clovis culture
Cupstone
Fire hardening
Gravettian culture
Hafting
Hand axe

Grooves


Langdale axe industry
Levallois technique
Lithic core
Lithic reduction

analysis
debitage
flake


Lithic technology
Magdalenian culture
Metallurgy
Microblade technology
Mining
Prepared-core technique
Solutrean industry
Striking platform
Tool stone
Uniface
Yubetsu technique





Other tools



Adze
Awl

bone


Axe
Bannerstone
Blade

prismatic


Bone tool
Bow drill
Burin
Canoe

Oar
Pesse canoe


Chopper

tool


Cleaver
Denticulate tool
Fire plough
Fire-saw
Hammerstone
Knife
Microlith
Quern-stone
Racloir
Rope
Scraper

side


Stone tool
Tally stick
Weapons
Wheel

illustration


















Architecture







Ceremonial



Göbekli Tepe
Kiva
Standing stones

megalith
row
Stonehenge


Pyramid





Dwellings



Neolithic architecture
British megalith architecture
Nordic megalith architecture
Burdei
Cave
Cliff dwelling
Dugout
Hut

Quiggly hole


Jacal
Longhouse
Mud brick

Mehrgarh


Neolithic long house
Pit-house
Pueblitos
Pueblo
Rock shelter

Blombos Cave
Abri de la Madeleine
Sibudu Cave


Stone roof
Roundhouse
Stilt house

Alp pile dwellings


Wattle and daub





Water management



Check dam
Cistern
Flush toilet
Reservoir
Water well





Other architecture



Archaeological features
Broch
Burnt mound

fulacht fiadh


Causewayed enclosure

Tor enclosure


Circular enclosure

Goseck


Cursus
Henge

Thornborough


Oldest buildings
Megalithic architectural elements
Midden
Timber circle
Timber trackway

Sweet Track


















Arts and culture







Material goods



Baskets
Beadwork
Beds
Chalcolithic
Clothing/textiles

timeline


Cosmetics
Glue
Hides

shoes
Ötzi


Jewelry

amber use


Mirrors
Pottery

Cardium
Grooved ware
Linear
Jōmon
Unstan ware


Sewing needle
Weaving
Wine

Winery
wine press







Prehistoric art



Art of the Upper Paleolithic
Art of the Middle Paleolithic

Blombos Cave


List of Stone Age art
Bird stone
Bradshaw rock paintings
Cairn
Carved Stone Balls
Cave paintings

painting
pigment


Cup and ring mark
Geoglyph
Golden hats
Guardian stones
Megalithic art
Petroform
Petroglyph
Petrosomatoglyph
Pictogram
Rock art

Stone carving


Sculpture
Statue menhir
Stone circle

list
British Isles and Brittany


Venus figurines





Burial



Burial mounds

Bowl barrow
Round barrow


Mound Builders culture

U.S. sites


Chamber tomb

Severn-Cotswold


Cist

Dartmoor kistvaens


Clava cairn
Court tomb
Cremation
Dolmen

Great dolmen


Funeral pyre
Gallery grave

transepted
wedge-shaped


Grave goods
Jar burial
Long barrow

unchambered
Grønsalen


Megalithic tomb
Mummy
Passage grave
Rectangular dolmen
Ring cairn
Simple dolmen
Stone box grave
Tor cairn
Tumulus
Unchambered long cairn





Other cultural



Astronomy

sites
lunar calendar


Behavioral modernity
Origin of language
Prehistoric medicine

trepanning


Evolutionary musicology

music archaeology


Prehistoric music

Alligator drum
flutes
Divje Babe flute
gudi


Prehistoric numerals
Origin of religion

Paleolithic religion
Prehistoric religion
Spiritual drug use


Prehistoric warfare
Symbols

symbolism




















v
t
e


Emerging technologies



Fields




Agriculture



Agricultural robot
Closed ecological systems
Cultured meat
Genetically modified food
Precision agriculture
Vertical farming





Architecture



Arcology
Building printing

Contour crafting
D-Shape


Domed city





Biomedical



Artificial uterus
Ampakine
Brain transplant
Cryonics

Cryoprotectant
Cryopreservation
Vitrification
Suspended animation


De-extinction
Genetic engineering

Gene therapy


Head transplant
Isolated brain
Life extension

Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence


Nanomedicine
Nanosensors
Personalized medicine
Regenerative medicine

Stem-cell therapy
Tissue engineering


Robot-assisted surgery
Synthetic biology

Synthetic genomics


Virotherapy

Oncolytic virus


Tricorder
Whole genome sequencing





Displays




Next generation



FED
FLCD
iMoD
Laser
LPD
OLED
OLET
QD-LED
SED
TPD
TDEL
TMOS





Screenless



Bionic contact lens
Head-mounted display
Head-up display
Optical head-mounted display
Virtual retinal display





Other



Autostereoscopy
Flexible display
Holographic display

Computer-generated holography


Multi-primary color display
Ultra HD
Volumetric display








Electronics



Electronic nose
E-textiles
Flexible electronics
Molecular electronics
Nanoelectromechanical systems
Memristor
Spintronics
Thermal copper pillar bump





Energy




Production



Airborne wind turbine
Artificial photosynthesis
Biofuels
Carbon-neutral fuel
Concentrated solar power
Fusion power
Home fuel cell
Hydrogen economy
Methanol economy
Molten salt reactor
Nantenna
Photovoltaic pavement
Space-based solar power
Vortex engine





Storage



Beltway battery
Compressed air energy storage
Flywheel energy storage
Grid energy storage
Lithium–air battery
Molten salt battery
Nanowire battery
Research in lithium-ion batteries
Silicon–air battery
Thermal energy storage
Ultracapacitor





Other



Smart grid
Wireless power









Information and
communications




Ambient intelligence

Internet of Things


Artificial intelligence

Applications of artificial intelligence
Progress in artificial intelligence
Machine translation
Machine vision
Semantic Web
Speech recognition


Atomtronics
Carbon nanotube field-effect transistor
Cybermethodology
Fourth-generation optical discs

3D optical data storage
Holographic data storage


GPGPU
Memory

CBRAM
FRAM
Millipede
MRAM
NRAM
PRAM
Racetrack memory
RRAM
SONOS


Optical computing
RFID

Chipless RFID


Software-defined radio
Three-dimensional integrated circuit





Manufacturing



3D printing
Claytronics
Molecular assembler
Utility fog





Materials science



Aerogel
Amorphous metal
Artificial muscle
Conductive polymer
Femtotechnology
Fullerene
Graphene
High-temperature superconductivity
High-temperature superfluidity
Linear acetylenic carbon
Metamaterials

Metamaterial cloaking


Metal foam
Multi-function structures
Nanotechnology

Carbon nanotubes
Molecular nanotechnology
Nanomaterials


Picotechnology
Programmable matter
Quantum dots
Silicene
Superalloy
Synthetic diamond





Military



Antimatter weapon
Caseless ammunition
Directed-energy weapon

Laser
Maser
Particle-beam weapon
Sonic weapon
Coilgun
Railgun


Plasma weapon
Pure fusion weapon
Stealth technology
Vortex ring gun





Neuroscience



Artificial brain

Blue Brain Project


Brain–computer interface
Electroencephalography
Mind uploading

Brain-reading
Neuroinformatics


Neuroprosthetics

Bionic eye
Brain implant
Exocortex
Retinal implant







Quantum



Quantum algorithms
Quantum amplifier
Quantum bus
Quantum channel
Quantum circuit
Quantum complexity theory
Quantum computing
Quantum cryptography
Quantum dynamics
Quantum electronics
Quantum error correction
Quantum imaging
Quantum information
Quantum key distribution
Quantum logic
Quantum logic gates
Quantum machine
Quantum machine learning
Quantum metamaterial
Quantum metrology
Quantum network
Quantum neural network
Quantum optics
Quantum programming
Quantum sensing
Quantum simulator
Quantum teleportation





Robotics



Domotics
Nanorobotics
Powered exoskeleton
Self-reconfiguring modular robot
Swarm robotics
Uncrewed vehicle





Space science




Launch



Fusion rocket
Non-rocket spacelaunch

Mass driver
Orbital ring
Skyhook
Space elevator
Space fountain
Space tether


Reusable launch system





Propulsion



Beam-powered propulsion
Ion thruster
Laser propulsion
Plasma propulsion engine

Helicon thruster
VASIMR


Project Orion
Nuclear pulse propulsion
Solar sail





Other



Interstellar travel
Propellant depot








Transport




Aerial



Adaptive compliant wing
Aeroscraft
Backpack helicopter
Delivery drone
Flying car
High-altitude platform
Jet pack
Pulse detonation engine
Scramjet
Spaceplane

Skylon


Supersonic transport





Land



Airless tire

Tweel


Alternative fuel vehicle

Hydrogen vehicle


Driverless car
Ground effect train
Maglev train
Personal rapid transit
Vactrain

ET3 Global Alliance
Hyperloop


Vehicular communication systems





Pipeline



Pneumatic transport

Automated vacuum collection
Foodtubes










Other



Anti-gravity
Cloak of invisibility
Digital scent technology
Force field

Plasma window


Immersive virtual reality

VirtuSphere


Magnetic refrigeration
Phased-array optics








Topics



Collingridge dilemma
Differential technological development
Ephemeralization
Exploratory engineering
Fictional technology
Proactionary principle
Technological change

Technological unemployment


Technological convergence
Technological evolution
Technological paradigm
Technology forecasting

Accelerating change
Moore's law
Technological singularity
Technology scouting


Technology readiness level
Technology roadmap
Transhumanism








 Category
 List









Authority control



GND: 4059276-5










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Technology&oldid=791903690"					
Categories: Technology systemsHidden categories: CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listPages containing links to subscription-only contentWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesUse dmy dates from July 2015Wikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismArticles containing Ancient Greek-language textPages incorrectly using the quote templateWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésঅসমীয়াAsturianuAymar aruAzərbaycancaবাংলাBasa BanyumasanБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीБългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCebuanoČeštinaCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskFurlanGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego한국어HausaՀայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoIgboIlokanoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueᐃᓄᒃᑎᑐᑦ/inuktitutIsiXhosaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡКъарачай-малкъарქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliKreyòl ayisyenKurdîКыргызчаລາວLatinaLatviešuLietuviųLimburgsLa .lojban.MagyarMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuMirandésМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपालीनेपाल भाषा日本語НохчийнNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNouormandOccitanОлык марийଓଡ଼ିଆOromooOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPapiamentuپښتوPatoisភាសាខ្មែរPicardPolskiPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaRomânăRuna SimiРусиньскыйРусскийСаха тылаScotsShqipසිංහලSimple EnglishسنڌيSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்Татарча/tatarçaతెలుగుTetunไทยТоҷикӣTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوVènetoTiếng ViệtVõroWest-VlamsWinarayXitsongaייִדישYorùbá粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 05:25.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Technology - Wikipedia




















 







Technology

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the use and knowledge of techniques and processes for producing goods and services. For other uses, see Technology (disambiguation).




A steam turbine with the case opened. Such turbines produce most of the electricity that people use. Electricity consumption and living standards are highly correlated.[1] Electrification is believed to be the most important engineering achievement of the 20th century.


Technology ("science of craft", from Greek τέχνη, techne, "art, skill, cunning of hand"; and -λογία, -logia[2]) is the collection of techniques, skills, methods and processes used in the production of goods or services or in the accomplishment of objectives, such as scientific investigation. Technology can be the knowledge of techniques, processes, and the like, or it can be embedded in machines which can be operated without detailed knowledge of their workings.
The simplest form of technology is the development and use of basic tools. The prehistoric discovery of how to control fire and the later Neolithic Revolution increased the available sources of food and the invention of the wheel helped humans to travel in and control their environment. Developments in historic times, including the printing press, the telephone, and the Internet, have lessened physical barriers to communication and allowed humans to interact freely on a global scale. The steady progress of military technology has brought weapons of ever-increasing destructive power, from clubs to nuclear weapons.
Technology has many effects. It has helped develop more advanced economies (including today's global economy) and has allowed the rise of a leisure class. Many technological processes produce unwanted by-products known as pollution and deplete natural resources to the detriment of Earth's environment. Innovations have always influenced the values of a society and raised new questions of the ethics of technology. Examples include the rise of the notion of efficiency in terms of human productivity, and the challenges of bioethics.
Philosophical debates have arisen over the use of technology, with disagreements over whether technology improves the human condition or worsens it. Neo-Luddism, anarcho-primitivism, and similar reactionary movements criticise the pervasiveness of technology, arguing that it harms the environment and alienates people; proponents of ideologies such as transhumanism and techno-progressivism view continued technological progress as beneficial to society and the human condition.



Contents


1 Definition and usage
2 Science, engineering and technology
3 History

3.1 Paleolithic (2.5 Ma – 10 ka)

3.1.1 Stone tools
3.1.2 Fire
3.1.3 Clothing and shelter


3.2 Neolithic through classical antiquity (10 ka – 300 CE)

3.2.1 Metal tools
3.2.2 Energy and transport


3.3 Medieval and modern history (300 CE – present)


4 Philosophy

4.1 Technicism
4.2 Optimism
4.3 Skepticism and critics
4.4 Appropriate technology
4.5 Optimism and skepticism in the 21st century
4.6 Complex technological systems


5 Competitiveness
6 Other animal species
7 Future technology
8 See also
9 References
10 Further reading



Definition and usage




The spread of paper and printing to the West, as in this printing press, helped scientists and politicians communicate their ideas easily, leading to the Age of Enlightenment; an example of technology as cultural force.


The use of the term "technology" has changed significantly over the last 200 years. Before the 20th century, the term was uncommon in English, and usually referred to the description or study of the useful arts.[3] The term was often connected to technical education, as in the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (chartered in 1861).[4]
The term "technology" rose to prominence in the 20th century in connection with the Second Industrial Revolution. The term's meanings changed in the early 20th century when American social scientists, beginning with Thorstein Veblen, translated ideas from the German concept of Technik into "technology." In German and other European languages, a distinction exists between technik and technologie that is absent in English, which usually translates both terms as "technology." By the 1930s, "technology" referred not only to the study of the industrial arts but to the industrial arts themselves.[5]
In 1937, the American sociologist Read Bain wrote that "technology includes all tools, machines, utensils, weapons, instruments, housing, clothing, communicating and transporting devices and the skills by which we produce and use them."[6] Bain's definition remains common among scholars today, especially social scientists. Scientists and engineers usually prefer to define technology as applied science, rather than as the things that people make and use.[7] More recently, scholars have borrowed from European philosophers of "technique" to extend the meaning of technology to various forms of instrumental reason, as in Foucault's work on technologies of the self (techniques de soi).
Dictionaries and scholars have offered a variety of definitions. The Merriam-Webster Learner's Dictionary offers a definition of the term: "the use of science in industry, engineering, etc., to invent useful things or to solve problems" and "a machine, piece of equipment, method, etc., that is created by technology."[8] Ursula Franklin, in her 1989 "Real World of Technology" lecture, gave another definition of the concept; it is "practice, the way we do things around here."[9] The term is often used to imply a specific field of technology, or to refer to high technology or just consumer electronics, rather than technology as a whole.[10] Bernard Stiegler, in Technics and Time, 1, defines technology in two ways: as "the pursuit of life by means other than life," and as "organized inorganic matter."[11]
Technology can be most broadly defined as the entities, both material and immaterial, created by the application of mental and physical effort in order to achieve some value. In this usage, technology refers to tools and machines that may be used to solve real-world problems. It is a far-reaching term that may include simple tools, such as a crowbar or wooden spoon, or more complex machines, such as a space station or particle accelerator. Tools and machines need not be material; virtual technology, such as computer software and business methods, fall under this definition of technology.[12] W. Brian Arthur defines technology in a similarly broad way as "a means to fulfill a human purpose."[13]
The word "technology" can also be used to refer to a collection of techniques. In this context, it is the current state of humanity's knowledge of how to combine resources to produce desired products, to solve problems, fulfill needs, or satisfy wants; it includes technical methods, skills, processes, techniques, tools and raw materials. When combined with another term, such as "medical technology" or "space technology," it refers to the state of the respective field's knowledge and tools. "State-of-the-art technology" refers to the high technology available to humanity in any field.




The invention of integrated circuits and the microprocessor (here, an Intel 4004 chip from 1971) led to the modern computer revolution.


Technology can be viewed as an activity that forms or changes culture.[14] Additionally, technology is the application of math, science, and the arts for the benefit of life as it is known. A modern example is the rise of communication technology, which has lessened barriers to human interaction and as a result has helped spawn new subcultures; the rise of cyberculture has at its basis the development of the Internet and the computer.[15] Not all technology enhances culture in a creative way; technology can also help facilitate political oppression and war via tools such as guns. As a cultural activity, technology predates both science and engineering, each of which formalize some aspects of technological endeavor.

Science, engineering and technology




Antoine Lavoisier conducting an experiment with combustion generated by amplified sun light


The distinction between science, engineering, and technology is not always clear. Science is systematic knowledge of the physical or material world gained through observation and experimentation.[16] Technologies are not usually exclusively products of science, because they have to satisfy requirements such as utility, usability, and safety.
Engineering is the goal-oriented process of designing and making tools and systems to exploit natural phenomena for practical human means, often (but not always) using results and techniques from science. The development of technology may draw upon many fields of knowledge, including scientific, engineering, mathematical, linguistic, and historical knowledge, to achieve some practical result.
Technology is often a consequence of science and engineering, although technology as a human activity precedes the two fields. For example, science might study the flow of electrons in electrical conductors by using already-existing tools and knowledge. This new-found knowledge may then be used by engineers to create new tools and machines such as semiconductors, computers, and other forms of advanced technology. In this sense, scientists and engineers may both be considered technologists; the three fields are often considered as one for the purposes of research and reference.[17]
The exact relations between science and technology in particular have been debated by scientists, historians, and policymakers in the late 20th century, in part because the debate can inform the funding of basic and applied science. In the immediate wake of World War II, for example, it was widely considered in the United States that technology was simply "applied science" and that to fund basic science was to reap technological results in due time. An articulation of this philosophy could be found explicitly in Vannevar Bush's treatise on postwar science policy, Science – The Endless Frontier: "New products, new industries, and more jobs require continuous additions to knowledge of the laws of nature ... This essential new knowledge can be obtained only through basic scientific research."[18] In the late-1960s, however, this view came under direct attack, leading towards initiatives to fund science for specific tasks (initiatives resisted by the scientific community). The issue remains contentious, though most analysts resist the model that technology simply is a result of scientific research.[19][20]
History
Main articles: History of technology, Timeline of historic inventions, and Timeline of electrical and electronic engineering
Paleolithic (2.5 Ma – 10 ka)




A primitive chopper


Further information: Outline of prehistoric technology
The use of tools by early humans was partly a process of discovery and of evolution. Early humans evolved from a species of foraging hominids which were already bipedal,[21] with a brain mass approximately one third of modern humans.[22] Tool use remained relatively unchanged for most of early human history. Approximately 50,000 years ago, the use of tools and complex set of behaviors emerged, believed by many archaeologists to be connected to the emergence of fully modern language.[23]
Stone tools




Hand axes from the Acheulian period






A Clovis point, made via pressure flaking


Hominids started using primitive stone tools millions of years ago. The earliest stone tools were little more than a fractured rock, but approximately 75,000 years ago,[24] pressure flaking provided a way to make much finer work.
Fire
Main article: Control of fire by early humans
The discovery and utilization of fire, a simple energy source with many profound uses, was a turning point in the technological evolution of humankind.[25] The exact date of its discovery is not known; evidence of burnt animal bones at the Cradle of Humankind suggests that the domestication of fire occurred before 1 Ma;[26] scholarly consensus indicates that Homo erectus had controlled fire by between 500 and 400 ka.[27][28] Fire, fueled with wood and charcoal, allowed early humans to cook their food to increase its digestibility, improving its nutrient value and broadening the number of foods that could be eaten.[29]
Clothing and shelter
Other technological advances made during the Paleolithic era were clothing and shelter; the adoption of both technologies cannot be dated exactly, but they were a key to humanity's progress. As the Paleolithic era progressed, dwellings became more sophisticated and more elaborate; as early as 380 ka, humans were constructing temporary wood huts.[30][31] Clothing, adapted from the fur and hides of hunted animals, helped humanity expand into colder regions; humans began to migrate out of Africa by 200 ka and into other continents such as Eurasia.[32]
Neolithic through classical antiquity (10 ka – 300 CE)




An array of Neolithic artifacts, including bracelets, axe heads, chisels, and polishing tools


Human's technological ascent began in earnest in what is known as the Neolithic Period ("New Stone Age"). The invention of polished stone axes was a major advance that allowed forest clearance on a large scale to create farms. This use of polished stone axes increased greatly in the Neolithic, but were originally used in the preceding Mesolithic in some areas such as Ireland.[33] Agriculture fed larger populations, and the transition to sedentism allowed simultaneously raising more children, as infants no longer needed to be carried, as nomadic ones must. Additionally, children could contribute labor to the raising of crops more readily than they could to the hunter-gatherer economy.[34][35]
With this increase in population and availability of labor came an increase in labor specialization.[36] What triggered the progression from early Neolithic villages to the first cities, such as Uruk, and the first civilizations, such as Sumer, is not specifically known; however, the emergence of increasingly hierarchical social structures and specialized labor, of trade and war amongst adjacent cultures, and the need for collective action to overcome environmental challenges such as irrigation, are all thought to have played a role.[37]
Metal tools
Continuing improvements led to the furnace and bellows and provided the ability to smelt and forge native metals (naturally occurring in relatively pure form).[38] Gold, copper, silver, and lead, were such early metals. The advantages of copper tools over stone, bone, and wooden tools were quickly apparent to early humans, and native copper was probably used from near the beginning of Neolithic times (about 10 ka).[39] Native copper does not naturally occur in large amounts, but copper ores are quite common and some of them produce metal easily when burned in wood or charcoal fires. Eventually, the working of metals led to the discovery of alloys such as bronze and brass (about 4000 BCE). The first uses of iron alloys such as steel dates to around 1800 BCE.[40][41]
Energy and transport




The wheel was invented circa 4000 BCE.


Main article: History of transport
Meanwhile, humans were learning to harness other forms of energy. The earliest known use of wind power is the sailboat; the earliest record of a ship under sail is that of a Nile boat that dates back to the 8th millennium BCE.[42] From prehistoric times, Egyptians probably used the power of the annual flooding of the Nile to irrigate their lands, gradually learning to regulate much of it through purposely built irrigation channels and "catch" basins. Similarly, the early peoples of Mesopotamia, the Sumerians, learned to use the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers for much the same purposes. However, more extensive use of wind and water (and even human) power required another invention.
According to archaeologists, the wheel was invented around 4000 BCE probably independently and nearly simultaneously in Mesopotamia (in present-day Iraq), the Northern Caucasus (Maykop culture) and Central Europe.[43] Estimates on when this may have occurred range from 5500 to 3000 BCE with most experts putting it closer to 4000 BCE.[44] The oldest artifacts with drawings that depict wheeled carts date from about 3500 BCE;[45] however, the wheel may have been in use for millennia before these drawings were made. There is also evidence from the same period for the use of the potter's wheel. More recently, the oldest-known wooden wheel in the world was found in the Ljubljana marshes of Slovenia.[46]
The invention of the wheel revolutionized trade and war. It did not take long to discover that wheeled wagons could be used to carry heavy loads. Fast (rotary) potters' wheels enabled early mass production of pottery, but it was the use of the wheel as a transformer of energy (through water wheels, windmills, and even treadmills) that revolutionized the application of nonhuman power sources.
Medieval and modern history (300 CE – present)
Main articles: Medieval technology, Renaissance technology, Industrial Revolution, Second Industrial Revolution, Information Technology, and Productivity improving technologies (economic history)
Innovations continued through the Middle Ages with innovations such as silk, the horse collar and horseshoes in the first few hundred years after the fall of the Roman Empire. Medieval technology saw the use of simple machines (such as the lever, the screw, and the pulley) being combined to form more complicated tools, such as the wheelbarrow, windmills and clocks. The Renaissance brought forth many of these innovations, including the printing press (which facilitated the greater communication of knowledge), and technology became increasingly associated with science, beginning a cycle of mutual advancement. The advancements in technology in this era allowed a more steady supply of food, followed by the wider availability of consumer goods.




The automobile revolutionized personal transportation.


Starting in the United Kingdom in the 18th century, the Industrial Revolution was a period of great technological discovery, particularly in the areas of agriculture, manufacturing, mining, metallurgy, and transport, driven by the discovery of steam power. Technology took another step in a second industrial revolution with the harnessing of electricity to create such innovations as the electric motor, light bulb, and countless others. Scientific advancement and the discovery of new concepts later allowed for powered flight and advancements in medicine, chemistry, physics, and engineering. The rise in technology has led to skyscrapers and broad urban areas whose inhabitants rely on motors to transport them and their food supply. Communication was also greatly improved with the invention of the telegraph, telephone, radio and television. The late 19th and early 20th centuries saw a revolution in transportation with the invention of the airplane and automobile.




F-15 and F-16 flying over Kuwaiti oil fires during the Gulf War in 1991.


The 20th century brought a host of innovations. In physics, the discovery of nuclear fission has led to both nuclear weapons and nuclear power. Computers were also invented and later miniaturized utilizing transistors and integrated circuits. Information technology subsequently led to the creation of the Internet, which ushered in the current Information Age. Humans have also been able to explore space with satellites (later used for telecommunication) and in manned missions going all the way to the moon. In medicine, this era brought innovations such as open-heart surgery and later stem cell therapy along with new medications and treatments.
Complex manufacturing and construction techniques and organizations are needed to make and maintain these new technologies, and entire industries have arisen to support and develop succeeding generations of increasingly more complex tools. Modern technology increasingly relies on training and education – their designers, builders, maintainers, and users often require sophisticated general and specific training. Moreover, these technologies have become so complex that entire fields have been created to support them, including engineering, medicine, and computer science, and other fields have been made more complex, such as construction, transportation and architecture.
Philosophy
Technicism
Generally, technicism is the belief in the utility of technology for improving human societies.[47] Taken to an extreme, technicism "reflects a fundamental attitude which seeks to control reality, to resolve all problems with the use of scientific-technological methods and tools."[48] In other words, human beings will someday be able to master all problems and possibly even control the future using technology. Some, such as Stephen V. Monsma,[49] connect these ideas to the abdication of religion as a higher moral authority.
Optimism
See also: Extropianism
Optimistic assumptions are made by proponents of ideologies such as transhumanism and singularitarianism, which view technological development as generally having beneficial effects for the society and the human condition. In these ideologies, technological development is morally good.
Transhumanists generally believe that the point of technology is to overcome barriers, and that what we commonly refer to as the human condition is just another barrier to be surpassed.
Singularitarians believe in some sort of "accelerating change"; that the rate of technological progress accelerates as we obtain more technology, and that this will culminate in a "Singularity" after artificial general intelligence is invented in which progress is nearly infinite; hence the term. Estimates for the date of this Singularity vary,[50] but prominent futurist Ray Kurzweil estimates the Singularity will occur in 2045.
Kurzweil is also known for his history of the universe in six epochs: (1) the physical/chemical epoch, (2) the life epoch, (3) the human/brain epoch, (4) the technology epoch, (5) the artificial intelligence epoch, and (6) the universal colonization epoch. Going from one epoch to the next is a Singularity in its own right, and a period of speeding up precedes it. Each epoch takes a shorter time, which means the whole history of the universe is one giant Singularity event.[51]
Some critics see these ideologies as examples of scientism and techno-utopianism and fear the notion of human enhancement and technological singularity which they support. Some have described Karl Marx as a techno-optimist.[52]
Skepticism and critics
See also: Luddite, Neo-Luddism, Anarcho-primitivism, and Bioconservatism




Luddites smashing a power loom in 1812


On the somewhat skeptical side are certain philosophers like Herbert Marcuse and John Zerzan, who believe that technological societies are inherently flawed. They suggest that the inevitable result of such a society is to become evermore technological at the cost of freedom and psychological health.
Many, such as the Luddites and prominent philosopher Martin Heidegger, hold serious, although not entirely, deterministic reservations about technology (see "The Question Concerning Technology"[53]). According to Heidegger scholars Hubert Dreyfus and Charles Spinosa, "Heidegger does not oppose technology. He hopes to reveal the essence of technology in a way that 'in no way confines us to a stultified compulsion to push on blindly with technology or, what comes to the same thing, to rebel helplessly against it.' Indeed, he promises that 'when we once open ourselves expressly to the essence of technology, we find ourselves unexpectedly taken into a freeing claim.'[54] What this entails is a more complex relationship to technology than either techno-optimists or techno-pessimists tend to allow."[55]
Some of the most poignant criticisms of technology are found in what are now considered to be dystopian literary classics such as Aldous Huxley's Brave New World, Anthony Burgess's A Clockwork Orange, and George Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Four. In Goethe's Faust, Faust selling his soul to the devil in return for power over the physical world is also often interpreted as a metaphor for the adoption of industrial technology. More recently, modern works of science fiction such as those by Philip K. Dick and William Gibson and films such as Blade Runner and Ghost in the Shell project highly ambivalent or cautionary attitudes toward technology's impact on human society and identity.
The late cultural critic Neil Postman distinguished tool-using societies from technological societies and from what he called "technopolies," societies that are dominated by the ideology of technological and scientific progress to the exclusion or harm of other cultural practices, values and world-views.[56]
Darin Barney has written about technology's impact on practices of citizenship and democratic culture, suggesting that technology can be construed as (1) an object of political debate, (2) a means or medium of discussion, and (3) a setting for democratic deliberation and citizenship. As a setting for democratic culture, Barney suggests that technology tends to make ethical questions, including the question of what a good life consists in, nearly impossible, because they already give an answer to the question: a good life is one that includes the use of more and more technology.[57]
Nikolas Kompridis has also written about the dangers of new technology, such as genetic engineering, nanotechnology, synthetic biology, and robotics. He warns that these technologies introduce unprecedented new challenges to human beings, including the possibility of the permanent alteration of our biological nature. These concerns are shared by other philosophers, scientists and public intellectuals who have written about similar issues (e.g. Francis Fukuyama, Jürgen Habermas, William Joy, and Michael Sandel).[58]
Another prominent critic of technology is Hubert Dreyfus, who has published books such as On the Internet and What Computers Still Can't Do.
A more infamous anti-technological treatise is Industrial Society and Its Future, written by the Unabomber Ted Kaczynski and printed in several major newspapers (and later books) as part of an effort to end his bombing campaign of the techno-industrial infrastructure.
Appropriate technology
See also: Technocriticism and Technorealism
The notion of appropriate technology was developed in the 20th century by thinkers such as E. F. Schumacher and Jacques Ellul to describe situations where it was not desirable to use very new technologies or those that required access to some centralized infrastructure or parts or skills imported from elsewhere. The ecovillage movement emerged in part due to this concern.
Optimism and skepticism in the 21st century
This section mainly focuses on American concerns even if it can reasonably be generalized to other Western countries.

The inadequate quantity and quality of American jobs is one of the most fundamental economic challenges we face. [...] What's the linkage between technology and this fundamental problem?
— Bernstein, Jared, "It’s Not a Skills Gap That’s Holding Wages Down: It’s the Weak Economy, Among Other Things," in The American Prospect, October 2014

In his article, Jared Bernstein, a Senior Fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities,[59] questions the widespread idea that automation, and more broadly, technological advances, have mainly contributed to this growing labor market problem. His thesis appears to be a third way between optimism and skepticism. Essentially, he stands for a neutral approach of the linkage between technology and American issues concerning unemployment and declining wages.
He uses two main arguments to defend his point. First, because of recent technological advances, an increasing number of workers are losing their jobs. Yet, scientific evidence fails to clearly demonstrate that technology has displaced so many workers that it has created more problems than it has solved. Indeed, automation threatens repetitive jobs but higher-end jobs are still necessary because they complement technology and manual jobs that "requires flexibility judgment and common sense"[60] remain hard to replace with machines. Second, studies have not shown clear links between recent technology advances and the wage trends of the last decades.
Therefore, according to Bernstein, instead of focusing on technology and its hypothetical influences on current American increasing unemployment and declining wages, one needs to worry more about "bad policy that fails to offset the imbalances in demand, trade, income and opportunity."[60]
Complex technological systems
Thomas P. Hughes stated that because technology has been considered as a key way to solve problems, we need to be aware of its complex and varied characters to use it more efficiently.[61] What is the difference between a wheel or a compass and cooking machines such as an oven or a gas stove? Can we consider all of them, only a part of them, or none of them as technologies?
Technology is often considered too narrowly; according to Hughes, "Technology is a creative process involving human ingenuity.[62] This definition's emphasis on creativity avoids unbounded definitions that may mistakenly include cooking “technologies," but it also highlights the prominent role of humans and therefore their responsibilities for the use of complex technological systems.
Yet, because technology is everywhere and has dramatically changed landscapes and societies, Hughes argues that engineers, scientists, and managers have often believed that they can use technology to shape the world as they want. They have often supposed that technology is easily controllable and this assumption has to be thoroughly questioned.[61] For instance, Evgeny Morozov particularly challenges two concepts: “Internet-centrism” and “solutionism."[63] Internet-centrism refers to the idea that our society is convinced that the Internet is one of the most stable and coherent forces. Solutionism is the ideology that every social issue can be solved thanks to technology and especially thanks to the internet. In fact, technology intrinsically contains uncertainties and limitations. According to Alexis Madrigal's review of Morozov's theory, to ignore it will lead to “unexpected consequences that could eventually cause more damage than the problems they seek to address."[64] Benjamin R. Cohen and Gwen Ottinger also discussed the multivalent effects of technology.[65]
Therefore, recognition of the limitations of technology, and more broadly, scientific knowledge, is needed – especially in cases dealing with environmental justice and health issues. Ottinger continues this reasoning and argues that the ongoing recognition of the limitations of scientific knowledge goes hand in hand with scientists and engineers’ new comprehension of their role. Such an approach of technology and science "[require] technical professionals to conceive of their roles in the process differently. [They have to consider themselves as] collaborators in research and problem solving rather than simply providers of information and technical solutions."[66]
Competitiveness
Technology is properly defined as any application of science to accomplish a function. The science can be leading edge or well established and the function can have high visibility or be significantly more mundane, but it is all technology, and its exploitation is the foundation of all competitive advantage.
Technology-based planning is what was used to build the US industrial giants before WWII (e.g., Dow, DuPont, GM) and it is what was used to transform the US into a superpower. It was not economic-based planning.
Other animal species
See also: Tool use by animals, Structures built by animals, and Ecosystem engineer




This adult gorilla uses a branch as a walking stick to gauge the water's depth, an example of technology usage by non-human primates.


The use of basic technology is also a feature of other animal species apart from humans. These include primates such as chimpanzees,[67] some dolphin communities,[68] and crows.[69][70] Considering a more generic perspective of technology as ethology of active environmental conditioning and control, we can also refer to animal examples such as beavers and their dams, or bees and their honeycombs.
The ability to make and use tools was once considered a defining characteristic of the genus Homo.[71] However, the discovery of tool construction among chimpanzees and related primates has discarded the notion of the use of technology as unique to humans. For example, researchers have observed wild chimpanzees utilising tools for foraging: some of the tools used include leaf sponges, termite fishing probes, pestles and levers.[72] West African chimpanzees also use stone hammers and anvils for cracking nuts,[73] as do capuchin monkeys of Boa Vista, Brazil.[74]
Future technology
Main article: Emerging technologies
Theories of technology often attempt to predict the future of technology based on the high technology and science of the time. As with all predictions of the future, however, technology's is uncertain.
Futurist Ray Kurzweil predicts that the future of technology will be mainly consist of an overlapping "GNR Revolution" of Genetics, Nanotechnology, and Robotics, with robotics being the most important of the three.[75]
See also
Main article: Outline of technology





Book: Technology






Technology portal




Architectural technology
Critique of technology
Greatest Engineering Achievements of the 20th Century
History of science and technology
Knowledge economy
Law of the instrument – Golden hammer
Lewis Mumford
List of years in science
Niche construction
Science and technology in Argentina
Technological convergence
Technology and society
Technology assessment
Technology tree
-logy
Superpower § Possible factors


Theories and concepts in technology


Appropriate technology
Diffusion of innovations
Human enhancement
Instrumental conception of technology
Jacques Ellul
Paradigm
Philosophy of technology
Posthumanism
Precautionary principle
Singularitarianism
Strategy of Technology
Techno-progressivism
Technocentrism
Technocracy
Technocriticism
Technological determinism
Technological evolution
Technological nationalism
Technological revival
Technological singularity
Technology management
Technology readiness level
Technorealism
Transhumanism


Economics of technology


Energy accounting
Nanosocialism
Post-scarcity economy
Productivity improving technologies (economic history)
Technocracy
Technocapitalism
Technological diffusion
Technology acceptance model
Technology lifecycle
Technology transfer


Technology journalism


Engadget
TechCrunch
The Verge (website)
Wired (magazine)


Other


STEM fields


References


^ National Research Council; Division on Engineering and Physical Sciences; Energy Engineering Board; Commission on Engineering and Technical Systems; Committee on Electricity in Economic Growth (1986). Electricity in Economic Growth. Washington, DC: National Academies Press. pp. 16, 40. ISBN 0-309-03677-1. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Liddell, Henry George; Scott, Robert (1980). A Greek-English Lexicon (Abridged Edition). United Kingdom: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19-910207-4. 
^ Crabb, George (1823). Universal Technological Dictionary, or Familiar Explanation of the Terms Used in All Arts and Sciences. London: Baldwin, Cradock, and Joy. p. 524 – via Internet Archive. 
^ Mannix, Loretta H.; Stratton, Julius Adams (2005). Mind and Hand: The Birth of MIT. Cambridge: MIT Press. pp. 190–92. ISBN 0262195240. 
^ "Technik Comes to America: Changing Meanings of Technology Before 1930". Technology and Culture. 47. 
^ "Technology and State Government". American Sociological Review. 2. 
^ MacKenzie, Donald A.; Wajcman, Judy (1999). "Introductory Essay". The Social Shaping of Technology (2nd ed.). Buckingham: Open University Press. ISBN 0-335-19913-5. 
^ "Technology | Definition of Technology by Merriam-Webster". Merriam-Webster. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Franklin, Ursula (1999). The Real World of Technology (revised ed.). Scarborough: House of Anansi. ISBN 9780887848919. 
^ See, for example, "Technology". BBC News. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Stiegler, Bernard (1998). Technics and Time, 1: The Fault of Epimetheus. Stanford University Press. pp. 17, 82. ISBN 0-8047-3041-5.  Stiegler has more recently stated that biotechnology can no longer be defined as "organized inorganic matter," given that it is, rather, "the reorganization of the organic." Stiegler, Bernard (2008). L'avenir du passé: Modernité de l'archéologie. La Découverte. p. 23. ISBN 2-7071-5495-4. 
^ "Industry, Technology and the Global Marketplace: International Patenting Trends in Two New Technology Areas". Science and Engineering Indicators 2002. National Science Foundation. Archived from the original on 18 August 2005. Retrieved 7 May 2007. 
^ Arthur, W. Brian (2009). The Nature of Technology. New York: Free Press. p. 28. ISBN 978-1-4165-4405-0. 
^ Borgmann, Albert (2006). "Technology as a Cultural Force: For Alena and Griffin" (fee required). The Canadian Journal of Sociology. 31 (3): 351–60. doi:10.1353/cjs.2006.0050. Retrieved 16 February 2007. 
^ Macek, Jakub. "Defining Cyberculture". Retrieved 25 May 2007. 
^ "Science". Dictionary.com. 2016. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ "Intute: Science, Engineering and Technology". Intute. Archived from the original on 17 February 2007. Retrieved 17 February 2007. 
^ Bush, Vannevar (July 1945). "Science the Endless Frontier". National Science Foundation. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Wise, George (1985). "Science and Technology". Osiris (2nd Series). 1: 229–46. doi:10.1086/368647. 
^ Guston, David H. (2000). Between Politics and Science: Assuring the Integrity and Productivity of Research. New York: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-65318-5. 
^ "Mother of man – 3.2 million years ago". BBC. Retrieved 17 May 2008. 
^ "Human Evolution". History Channel. Archived from the original on 23 April 2008. Retrieved 17 May 2008. 
^ Wade, Nicholas (July 15, 2003). "Early Voices: The Leap to Language". The New York Times. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Bower, Bruce (October 29, 2010). "Stone Agers Sharpened Skills 55,000 Years Earlier Than Thought". WIRED. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Crump, Thomas (2001). A Brief History of Science. Constable & Robinson. p. 9. ISBN 1-84119-235-X. 
^ "Fossil Hominid Sites of Sterkfontein, Swartkrans, Kromdraai, and Environs". UNESCO. Retrieved 10 March 2007. 
^ "Stone Age Man". History World. Retrieved 13 February 2007. 
^ James, Steven R. (February 1989). "Hominid Use of Fire in the Lower and Middle Pleistocene". Current Anthropology. 30 (1): 1–26. JSTOR 2743299. doi:10.1086/203705. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ Stahl, Ann B. (1984). "Hominid dietary selection before fire". Current Anthropology. 25 (2): 151–68. JSTOR 2742818. doi:10.1086/203106. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ O'Neil, Dennis. "Evolution of Modern Humans: Archaic Homo sapiens Culture". Palomar College. Retrieved 31 March 2007. 
^ Villa, Paola (1983). Terra Amata and the Middle Pleistocene archaeological record of southern France. Berkeley: University of California Press. p. 303. ISBN 0-520-09662-2. 
^ Cordaux, Richard; Stoneking, Mark (2003). "South Asia, the Andamanese, and the Genetic Evidence for an 'Early' Human Dispersal out of Africa" (PDF). American Journal of Human Genetics. 72 (6): 1586–90; author reply 1590–93. PMC 1180321 . PMID 12817589. doi:10.1086/375407. 
^ Driscoll, Killian (2006). The early prehistory in the west of Ireland: Investigations into the social archaeology of the Mesolithic, west of the Shannon, Ireland. 
^ University of Chicago Press Journals (January 4, 2006). "The First Baby Boom: Skeletal Evidence Shows Abrupt Worldwide Increase In Birth Rate During Neolithic Period". ScienceDaily. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Sussman, Robert W.; Hall, Roberta L. (April 1972). "Child Transport, Family Size, and Increase in Human Population During the Neolithic". Current Anthropology. University of Chicago Press. 13 (2): 258–67. JSTOR 2740977. doi:10.1086/201274. 
^ Ferraro, Gary P. (2006). Cultural Anthropology: An Applied Perspective. The Thomson Corporation. ISBN 0-495-03039-2. Retrieved 17 May 2008. 
^ Patterson, Gordon M. (1992). The ESSENTIALS of Ancient History. Research & Education Association. ISBN 978-0-87891-704-4. Retrieved 17 May 2008. 
^ Cramb, Alan W. "A Short History of Metals". Carnegie Mellon University. Archived from the original on 8 January 2007. Retrieved 8 January 2007. 
^ Chisholm, Hugh (1910). The Encyclopædia Britannica: A dictionary of arts, sciences, literature and general information. Encyclopædia Britannica. p. 708. Retrieved 17 May 2008. 
^ "The significance of the composition of excavated iron fragments taken from Stratum III at the site of Kaman-Kalehöyük, Turkey". Anatolian Archeological Studies. 14. 
^ "Ironware piece unearthed from Turkey found to be oldest steel". The Hindu. March 26, 2009. Archived from the original on 29 March 2009. Retrieved November 8, 2016. 
^ "The oldest representation of a Nile boat". Antiquity. 81. 
^ Potts, D. T. (2012). A Companion to the Archaeology of the Ancient Near East. p. 285. 
^ Childe, V. Gordon (1928). New Light on the Most Ancient East. p. 110. 
^ Anthony, David A. (2007). The Horse, the Wheel, and Language: How Bronze-Age Riders from the Eurasian Steppes Shaped the Modern World. Princeton: Princeton University Press. p. 67. ISBN 0-691-05887-3. 
^ Gasser, Aleksander (March 2003). "World's Oldest Wheel Found in Slovenia". Republic of Slovenia Government Communication Office. Retrieved November 8, 2016. 
^ Breslin, Gerry, ed. (2011). "technicism". Collins English Dictionary. HarperCollins. ISBN 9780007437863. 
^ "Philosophical and Ethical Problems of Technicism and Genetic Engineering". Society for Philosophy and Technology. 3. 
^ Monsma, Stephen V. (1986). Responsible Technology. Grand Rapids: W.B. Eerdmans Pub. Co. ISBN 0-8028-0175-7. 
^ Muehlhauser, Luke (November 10, 2015). "Intelligence Explosion FAQ". Machine Intelligence Research Institute. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ Kurzweil, Ray (2005). "The Six Epochs". The Singularity is Near: When Humans Transcend Biology. Penguin. ISBN 9781101218884. 
^ Hughes, James. "Democratic Transhumanism 2.0". Changesurfer. Retrieved November 10, 2016. 
^ Lovitt, William (1977). "The Question Concerning Technology". The Question Concerning Technology and Other Essays. Harper Torchbooks. pp. 3–35. ISBN 0-613-91314-0. Retrieved 21 November 2007. 
^ Heidegger, Martin (1977). "The Question Concerning Technology". The Question Concerning Technology and Other Essays. Translated by Lovitt, W. New York: HarperCollins. pp. 25–26. 
^ Dreyfus, Hubert; Spinosa, Charles (2006). "Further Reflections on Heidegger, Technology, and the Everyday". In Kompridis, Nikolas. Philosophical Romanticism. New York: Routledge. pp. 265–81. 
^ Postman, Neil (1993). Technopoly: The Surrender of Culture to Technology. New York: Vintage. 
^ Barney, Darin (2007). One Nation Under Google. Toronto: House of Anansi Press. 
^ "Technology's Challenge to Democracy". Parrhesia. 8. 
^ "Jared Bernstein". Center for Budget and Policy Priorities. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ a b "It’s Not a Skills Gap That’s Holding Wages Down: It's the Weak Economy, Among Other Things". The American Prospect. 25. 
^ a b Hughes, Thomas P. (2004). Human-Built World: How to Think About Technology and Culture. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. pp. 1–11. ISBN 9780226359335. 
^ Hughes, Thomas P. (2004) “Introduction: Complex Technology” (1–11) in "Human-Built World: How to Think About Technology and Culture"
^ Morozov, Evgeny (2013). To Save Everything, Click Here: The Folly of Technological Solutionism. New York: PublicAffairs. ISBN 9781610391399. 
^ Madrigal, Alexis C. (March 13, 2013). "Toward a Complex, Realistic, and Moral Tech Criticism". The Atlantic. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ Cohen, Benjamin; Ottinger, Gwen (2011). "Introduction: Environmental Justice and the Transformation of Science and Engineering". In Ottinger, Gwen; Cohen, Benjamin. Technoscience and Environmental Justice: Expert Cultures in a Grassroots Movement. MIT Press. pp. 1–18. ISBN 9780262015790. 
^ Ottinger, Gwen (2011). "Rupturing Engineering Education: Opportunities for Transforming Expert Identities Through Community-Based Projects". In Ottinger, Gwen; Cohen, Benjamin. Technoscience and Environmental Justice: Expert Cultures in a Grassroots Movement. MIT Press. pp. 229–48. ISBN 9780262015790. 
^ Sagan, Carl; Druyan, Ann; Leakey, Richard. "Chimpanzee Tool Use". Archived from the original on 21 September 2006. Retrieved 13 February 2007. 
^ Rincon, Paul (June 7, 2005). "Sponging dolphins learn from mum". BBC News. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ Schmid, Randolph E. (October 4, 2007). "Crows use tools to find food". NBC News. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ Rutz, C.; Bluff, L.A.; Weir, A.A.S.; Kacelnik, A. (4 October 2007). "Video cameras on wild birds". Science. 318 (5851): 765. Bibcode:2007Sci...318..765R. doi:10.1126/science.1146788. 
^ Oakley, K. P. (1976). Man the Tool-Maker. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 9780226612706. 
^ McGrew, W. C (1992). Chimpanzee Material Culture. Cambridge u.a.: Cambridge Univ. Press. ISBN 978-0-521-42371-7. 
^ Boesch, Christophe; Boesch, Hedwige (1984). "Mental map in wild chimpanzees: An analysis of hammer transports for nut cracking". Primates. 25 (2): 160–70. doi:10.1007/BF02382388. 
^ Brahic, Catherine (January 15, 2009). "Nut-cracking monkeys find the right tool for the job". New Scientist. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ Kurzweil, Ray (2005). "GNR: Three Overlapping Revolutions". The Singularity is Near. Penguin. ISBN 9781101218884. 


Further reading

Find more aboutTechnologyat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity



Ambrose, Stanley H. (2 March 2001). "Paleolithic Technology and Human Evolution" (PDF). Science. Science. 291 (5509): 1748–53. Bibcode:2001Sci...291.1748A. PMID 11249821. doi:10.1126/science.1059487. Retrieved 10 March 2007. 
Huesemann, M.H., and J.A. Huesemann (2011). Technofix: Why Technology Won’t Save Us or the Environment, New Society Publishers, ISBN 0865717044.
Kremer, Michael (1993). "Population Growth and Technological Change: One Million B.C. to 1990". Quarterly Journal of Economics. The MIT Press. 108 (3): 681–716. JSTOR 2118405. doi:10.2307/2118405. .
Kevin Kelly. What Technology Wants. New York, Viking Press, 14 October 2010, hardcover, 416 pages. ISBN 978-0-670-02215-1
Mumford, Lewis. (2010). Technics and Civilization. University of Chicago Press, ISBN 0226550273.
Rhodes, Richard. (2000). Visions of Technology: A Century of Vital Debate about Machines, Systems, and the Human World. Simon & Schuster, ISBN 0684863111.
Teich, A.H. (2008). Technology and the Future. Wadsworth Publishing, 11th edition, ISBN 0495570524.
Wright, R.T. (2008). Technology. Goodheart-Wilcox Company, 5th edition, ISBN 1590707184.







v
t
e


Technology






Outline of technology
Outline of applied science





Fields




Agriculture



Agricultural engineering
Aquaculture
Fisheries science
Food chemistry
Food engineering
Food microbiology
Food technology
GURT
ICT
Nutrition





Biomedical



Bioinformatics
Biological engineering
Biomechatronics
Biomedical engineering
Biotechnology
Cheminformatics
Genetic engineering
Healthcare science
Medical research
Medical technology
Nanomedicine
Neuroscience
Neurotechnology
Pharmacology
Reproductive technology
Tissue engineering





Buildings and
construction



Acoustical engineering
Architectural engineering
Building services engineering
Civil engineering
Construction engineering
Domestic technology
Facade engineering
Fire protection engineering
Safety engineering
Sanitary engineering
Structural engineering





Educational



Educational software
Digital technologies in education
ICT in education
Impact
Multimedia learning
Virtual campus
Virtual education





Energy



Nuclear engineering
Nuclear technology
Petroleum engineering
Soft energy technology





Environmental



Clean technology
Clean coal technology
Ecological design
Ecological engineering
Ecotechnology
Environmental engineering
Environmental engineering science
Green building
Green nanotechnology
Landscape engineering
Renewable energy
Sustainable design
Sustainable engineering





Industrial



Automation
Business informatics
Engineering management
Enterprise engineering
Financial engineering
Industrial biotechnology
Industrial engineering
Metallurgy
Mining engineering
Productivity improving technologies
Research and development
Tribology





IT and
communications



Artificial intelligence
Broadcast engineering
Computer engineering
Computer science
Financial technology
Information technology
Music technology
Ontology engineering
RF engineering
Software engineering
Telecommunications engineering
Visual technology
Web engineering





Military



Army engineering maintenance
Electronic warfare
Military communications
Military engineering
Stealth technology





Transport



Aerospace engineering
Automotive engineering
Naval architecture
Space technology
Traffic engineering
Transport engineering









Others




Applied
science



Cryogenics
Electro-optics
Electronics
Engineering geology
Engineering physics
Hydraulics
Materials science
Microfabrication
Nanoengineering





Engineering
(list)



Audio
Biochemical
Ceramic
Chemical
Polymer
Control
Electrical
Electronic
Entertainment
Geotechnical
Hydraulic
Mechanical
Mechatronics
Optical
Protein
Quantum
Robotics

Animatronics


Systems














Components



Infrastructure
Invention

Timeline


Knowledge
Machine
Skill

Craft


Tool

Gadget







Scales



Femtotechnology
Picotechnology
Nanotechnology
Microtechnology
Macro-engineering
Megascale engineering





History



Prehistoric technology
Neolithic Revolution
Ancient technology
Medieval technology
Renaissance technology
Industrial Revolution

Second


Atomic Age
Jet Age
Space Age
Digital Revolution
Information Age





Theories and
concepts



Appropriate technology
Collingridge dilemma
Critique of technology
Diffusion of innovations
Disruptive innovation
Dual-use technology
Ephemeralization
High tech
Hype cycle
Low-technology
Mature technology
Strategy of Technology
Technicism
Techno-progressivism
Technocapitalism
Technocentrism
Technocracy
Technocriticism
Technoculture
Technoethics
Technoetic
Technogaianism
Technoliberalism
Technolibertarianism
Technological alliance
Technological apartheid
Technological change
Technological convergence
Technological determinism
Technological escalation
Technological evolution
Technological fix
Technological innovation system
Technological momentum
Technological nationalism
Technological paradigm
Technological rationality
Technological revival
Technological revolution
Technological self-efficacy
Technological singularity

Singularitarianism


Technological somnambulism
Technological transitions
Technological unemployment
Technological utopianism
Technology lifecycle

Technology acceptance model
Technology adoption lifecycle


Technomancy
Technopaganism
Technorealism
Technoromanticism
Technoscience

feminist


Transhumanism





Other



Emerging technologies

List


Fictional technology
High-technology business districts
Kardashev scale
List of technologies
Philosophy of technology

Ethics of technology


Science, technology and society

Technology dynamics
Science and technology by country


STEM fields

Pre-STEM
women


STEAM fields
Technology alignment
Technology assessment
Technology brokering
Technology companies
Technology demonstration
Technology education

Technical universities and colleges


Technology evangelist
Technology fusion
Technology governance
Technology integration
Technology journalism
Technology management
Technology museum
Technology policy
Technology shock
Technology strategy
Technology and society
Technology transfer
Technophilia
Technophobia
Technoself
Technosexual
Technosignature
Technostress
Terotechnology








 Book
 Category
 Portal












v
t
e


Prehistoric technology






Prehistory

timeline
outline
Stone Age
subdivisions
New Stone Age
synoptic table


Technology

history












Tools







Farming



Neolithic Revolution

founder crops
New World crops


Ard / plough
Celt
Digging stick
Domestication
Goad
Irrigation
Secondary products
Sickle
Terracing





Food processing



Fire
Basket
Cooking

Earth oven


Granaries
Grinding slab
Ground stone
Hearth

Aşıklı Höyük
Qesem Cave


Manos
Metate
Mortar and pestle
Pottery
Quern-stone
Storage pit





Hunting







Arrow
Boomerang

throwing stick


Bow and arrow

history


Nets
Spear

Spear-thrower
baton
harpoon
woomera
Schöningen Spears







Projectile points



Arrowhead
Bare Island
Cascade
Clovis
Cresswell
Cumberland
Eden
Folsom
Lamoka
Manis Site
Plano
Transverse arrowhead





Systems



Game drive system

Buffalo jump










Toolmaking



Earliest toolmaking

Oldowan
Acheulean
Mousterian


Clovis culture
Cupstone
Fire hardening
Gravettian culture
Hafting
Hand axe

Grooves


Langdale axe industry
Levallois technique
Lithic core
Lithic reduction

analysis
debitage
flake


Lithic technology
Magdalenian culture
Metallurgy
Microblade technology
Mining
Prepared-core technique
Solutrean industry
Striking platform
Tool stone
Uniface
Yubetsu technique





Other tools



Adze
Awl

bone


Axe
Bannerstone
Blade

prismatic


Bone tool
Bow drill
Burin
Canoe

Oar
Pesse canoe


Chopper

tool


Cleaver
Denticulate tool
Fire plough
Fire-saw
Hammerstone
Knife
Microlith
Quern-stone
Racloir
Rope
Scraper

side


Stone tool
Tally stick
Weapons
Wheel

illustration


















Architecture







Ceremonial



Göbekli Tepe
Kiva
Standing stones

megalith
row
Stonehenge


Pyramid





Dwellings



Neolithic architecture
British megalith architecture
Nordic megalith architecture
Burdei
Cave
Cliff dwelling
Dugout
Hut

Quiggly hole


Jacal
Longhouse
Mud brick

Mehrgarh


Neolithic long house
Pit-house
Pueblitos
Pueblo
Rock shelter

Blombos Cave
Abri de la Madeleine
Sibudu Cave


Stone roof
Roundhouse
Stilt house

Alp pile dwellings


Wattle and daub





Water management



Check dam
Cistern
Flush toilet
Reservoir
Water well





Other architecture



Archaeological features
Broch
Burnt mound

fulacht fiadh


Causewayed enclosure

Tor enclosure


Circular enclosure

Goseck


Cursus
Henge

Thornborough


Oldest buildings
Megalithic architectural elements
Midden
Timber circle
Timber trackway

Sweet Track


















Arts and culture







Material goods



Baskets
Beadwork
Beds
Chalcolithic
Clothing/textiles

timeline


Cosmetics
Glue
Hides

shoes
Ötzi


Jewelry

amber use


Mirrors
Pottery

Cardium
Grooved ware
Linear
Jōmon
Unstan ware


Sewing needle
Weaving
Wine

Winery
wine press







Prehistoric art



Art of the Upper Paleolithic
Art of the Middle Paleolithic

Blombos Cave


List of Stone Age art
Bird stone
Bradshaw rock paintings
Cairn
Carved Stone Balls
Cave paintings

painting
pigment


Cup and ring mark
Geoglyph
Golden hats
Guardian stones
Megalithic art
Petroform
Petroglyph
Petrosomatoglyph
Pictogram
Rock art

Stone carving


Sculpture
Statue menhir
Stone circle

list
British Isles and Brittany


Venus figurines





Burial



Burial mounds

Bowl barrow
Round barrow


Mound Builders culture

U.S. sites


Chamber tomb

Severn-Cotswold


Cist

Dartmoor kistvaens


Clava cairn
Court tomb
Cremation
Dolmen

Great dolmen


Funeral pyre
Gallery grave

transepted
wedge-shaped


Grave goods
Jar burial
Long barrow

unchambered
Grønsalen


Megalithic tomb
Mummy
Passage grave
Rectangular dolmen
Ring cairn
Simple dolmen
Stone box grave
Tor cairn
Tumulus
Unchambered long cairn





Other cultural



Astronomy

sites
lunar calendar


Behavioral modernity
Origin of language
Prehistoric medicine

trepanning


Evolutionary musicology

music archaeology


Prehistoric music

Alligator drum
flutes
Divje Babe flute
gudi


Prehistoric numerals
Origin of religion

Paleolithic religion
Prehistoric religion
Spiritual drug use


Prehistoric warfare
Symbols

symbolism




















v
t
e


Emerging technologies



Fields




Agriculture



Agricultural robot
Closed ecological systems
Cultured meat
Genetically modified food
Precision agriculture
Vertical farming





Architecture



Arcology
Building printing

Contour crafting
D-Shape


Domed city





Biomedical



Artificial uterus
Ampakine
Brain transplant
Cryonics

Cryoprotectant
Cryopreservation
Vitrification
Suspended animation


De-extinction
Genetic engineering

Gene therapy


Head transplant
Isolated brain
Life extension

Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence


Nanomedicine
Nanosensors
Personalized medicine
Regenerative medicine

Stem-cell therapy
Tissue engineering


Robot-assisted surgery
Synthetic biology

Synthetic genomics


Virotherapy

Oncolytic virus


Tricorder
Whole genome sequencing





Displays




Next generation



FED
FLCD
iMoD
Laser
LPD
OLED
OLET
QD-LED
SED
TPD
TDEL
TMOS





Screenless



Bionic contact lens
Head-mounted display
Head-up display
Optical head-mounted display
Virtual retinal display





Other



Autostereoscopy
Flexible display
Holographic display

Computer-generated holography


Multi-primary color display
Ultra HD
Volumetric display








Electronics



Electronic nose
E-textiles
Flexible electronics
Molecular electronics
Nanoelectromechanical systems
Memristor
Spintronics
Thermal copper pillar bump





Energy




Production



Airborne wind turbine
Artificial photosynthesis
Biofuels
Carbon-neutral fuel
Concentrated solar power
Fusion power
Home fuel cell
Hydrogen economy
Methanol economy
Molten salt reactor
Nantenna
Photovoltaic pavement
Space-based solar power
Vortex engine





Storage



Beltway battery
Compressed air energy storage
Flywheel energy storage
Grid energy storage
Lithium–air battery
Molten salt battery
Nanowire battery
Research in lithium-ion batteries
Silicon–air battery
Thermal energy storage
Ultracapacitor





Other



Smart grid
Wireless power









Information and
communications




Ambient intelligence

Internet of Things


Artificial intelligence

Applications of artificial intelligence
Progress in artificial intelligence
Machine translation
Machine vision
Semantic Web
Speech recognition


Atomtronics
Carbon nanotube field-effect transistor
Cybermethodology
Fourth-generation optical discs

3D optical data storage
Holographic data storage


GPGPU
Memory

CBRAM
FRAM
Millipede
MRAM
NRAM
PRAM
Racetrack memory
RRAM
SONOS


Optical computing
RFID

Chipless RFID


Software-defined radio
Three-dimensional integrated circuit





Manufacturing



3D printing
Claytronics
Molecular assembler
Utility fog





Materials science



Aerogel
Amorphous metal
Artificial muscle
Conductive polymer
Femtotechnology
Fullerene
Graphene
High-temperature superconductivity
High-temperature superfluidity
Linear acetylenic carbon
Metamaterials

Metamaterial cloaking


Metal foam
Multi-function structures
Nanotechnology

Carbon nanotubes
Molecular nanotechnology
Nanomaterials


Picotechnology
Programmable matter
Quantum dots
Silicene
Superalloy
Synthetic diamond





Military



Antimatter weapon
Caseless ammunition
Directed-energy weapon

Laser
Maser
Particle-beam weapon
Sonic weapon
Coilgun
Railgun


Plasma weapon
Pure fusion weapon
Stealth technology
Vortex ring gun





Neuroscience



Artificial brain

Blue Brain Project


Brain–computer interface
Electroencephalography
Mind uploading

Brain-reading
Neuroinformatics


Neuroprosthetics

Bionic eye
Brain implant
Exocortex
Retinal implant







Quantum



Quantum algorithms
Quantum amplifier
Quantum bus
Quantum channel
Quantum circuit
Quantum complexity theory
Quantum computing
Quantum cryptography
Quantum dynamics
Quantum electronics
Quantum error correction
Quantum imaging
Quantum information
Quantum key distribution
Quantum logic
Quantum logic gates
Quantum machine
Quantum machine learning
Quantum metamaterial
Quantum metrology
Quantum network
Quantum neural network
Quantum optics
Quantum programming
Quantum sensing
Quantum simulator
Quantum teleportation





Robotics



Domotics
Nanorobotics
Powered exoskeleton
Self-reconfiguring modular robot
Swarm robotics
Uncrewed vehicle





Space science




Launch



Fusion rocket
Non-rocket spacelaunch

Mass driver
Orbital ring
Skyhook
Space elevator
Space fountain
Space tether


Reusable launch system





Propulsion



Beam-powered propulsion
Ion thruster
Laser propulsion
Plasma propulsion engine

Helicon thruster
VASIMR


Project Orion
Nuclear pulse propulsion
Solar sail





Other



Interstellar travel
Propellant depot








Transport




Aerial



Adaptive compliant wing
Aeroscraft
Backpack helicopter
Delivery drone
Flying car
High-altitude platform
Jet pack
Pulse detonation engine
Scramjet
Spaceplane

Skylon


Supersonic transport





Land



Airless tire

Tweel


Alternative fuel vehicle

Hydrogen vehicle


Driverless car
Ground effect train
Maglev train
Personal rapid transit
Vactrain

ET3 Global Alliance
Hyperloop


Vehicular communication systems





Pipeline



Pneumatic transport

Automated vacuum collection
Foodtubes










Other



Anti-gravity
Cloak of invisibility
Digital scent technology
Force field

Plasma window


Immersive virtual reality

VirtuSphere


Magnetic refrigeration
Phased-array optics








Topics



Collingridge dilemma
Differential technological development
Ephemeralization
Exploratory engineering
Fictional technology
Proactionary principle
Technological change

Technological unemployment


Technological convergence
Technological evolution
Technological paradigm
Technology forecasting

Accelerating change
Moore's law
Technological singularity
Technology scouting


Technology readiness level
Technology roadmap
Transhumanism








 Category
 List









Authority control



GND: 4059276-5










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Technology&oldid=791903690"					
Categories: Technology systemsHidden categories: CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listPages containing links to subscription-only contentWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesUse dmy dates from July 2015Wikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismArticles containing Ancient Greek-language textPages incorrectly using the quote templateWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésঅসমীয়াAsturianuAymar aruAzərbaycancaবাংলাBasa BanyumasanБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीБългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCebuanoČeštinaCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskFurlanGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego한국어HausaՀայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoIgboIlokanoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueᐃᓄᒃᑎᑐᑦ/inuktitutIsiXhosaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡКъарачай-малкъарქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliKreyòl ayisyenKurdîКыргызчаລາວLatinaLatviešuLietuviųLimburgsLa .lojban.MagyarMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuMirandésМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपालीनेपाल भाषा日本語НохчийнNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNouormandOccitanОлык марийଓଡ଼ିଆOromooOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPapiamentuپښتوPatoisភាសាខ្មែរPicardPolskiPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaRomânăRuna SimiРусиньскыйРусскийСаха тылаScotsShqipසිංහලSimple EnglishسنڌيSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்Татарча/tatarçaతెలుగుTetunไทยТоҷикӣTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوVènetoTiếng ViệtVõroWest-VlamsWinarayXitsongaייִדישYorùbá粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 05:25.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Technology - Wikipedia




















 







Technology

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the use and knowledge of techniques and processes for producing goods and services. For other uses, see Technology (disambiguation).




A steam turbine with the case opened. Such turbines produce most of the electricity that people use. Electricity consumption and living standards are highly correlated.[1] Electrification is believed to be the most important engineering achievement of the 20th century.


Technology ("science of craft", from Greek τέχνη, techne, "art, skill, cunning of hand"; and -λογία, -logia[2]) is the collection of techniques, skills, methods and processes used in the production of goods or services or in the accomplishment of objectives, such as scientific investigation. Technology can be the knowledge of techniques, processes, and the like, or it can be embedded in machines which can be operated without detailed knowledge of their workings.
The simplest form of technology is the development and use of basic tools. The prehistoric discovery of how to control fire and the later Neolithic Revolution increased the available sources of food and the invention of the wheel helped humans to travel in and control their environment. Developments in historic times, including the printing press, the telephone, and the Internet, have lessened physical barriers to communication and allowed humans to interact freely on a global scale. The steady progress of military technology has brought weapons of ever-increasing destructive power, from clubs to nuclear weapons.
Technology has many effects. It has helped develop more advanced economies (including today's global economy) and has allowed the rise of a leisure class. Many technological processes produce unwanted by-products known as pollution and deplete natural resources to the detriment of Earth's environment. Innovations have always influenced the values of a society and raised new questions of the ethics of technology. Examples include the rise of the notion of efficiency in terms of human productivity, and the challenges of bioethics.
Philosophical debates have arisen over the use of technology, with disagreements over whether technology improves the human condition or worsens it. Neo-Luddism, anarcho-primitivism, and similar reactionary movements criticise the pervasiveness of technology, arguing that it harms the environment and alienates people; proponents of ideologies such as transhumanism and techno-progressivism view continued technological progress as beneficial to society and the human condition.



Contents


1 Definition and usage
2 Science, engineering and technology
3 History

3.1 Paleolithic (2.5 Ma – 10 ka)

3.1.1 Stone tools
3.1.2 Fire
3.1.3 Clothing and shelter


3.2 Neolithic through classical antiquity (10 ka – 300 CE)

3.2.1 Metal tools
3.2.2 Energy and transport


3.3 Medieval and modern history (300 CE – present)


4 Philosophy

4.1 Technicism
4.2 Optimism
4.3 Skepticism and critics
4.4 Appropriate technology
4.5 Optimism and skepticism in the 21st century
4.6 Complex technological systems


5 Competitiveness
6 Other animal species
7 Future technology
8 See also
9 References
10 Further reading



Definition and usage




The spread of paper and printing to the West, as in this printing press, helped scientists and politicians communicate their ideas easily, leading to the Age of Enlightenment; an example of technology as cultural force.


The use of the term "technology" has changed significantly over the last 200 years. Before the 20th century, the term was uncommon in English, and usually referred to the description or study of the useful arts.[3] The term was often connected to technical education, as in the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (chartered in 1861).[4]
The term "technology" rose to prominence in the 20th century in connection with the Second Industrial Revolution. The term's meanings changed in the early 20th century when American social scientists, beginning with Thorstein Veblen, translated ideas from the German concept of Technik into "technology." In German and other European languages, a distinction exists between technik and technologie that is absent in English, which usually translates both terms as "technology." By the 1930s, "technology" referred not only to the study of the industrial arts but to the industrial arts themselves.[5]
In 1937, the American sociologist Read Bain wrote that "technology includes all tools, machines, utensils, weapons, instruments, housing, clothing, communicating and transporting devices and the skills by which we produce and use them."[6] Bain's definition remains common among scholars today, especially social scientists. Scientists and engineers usually prefer to define technology as applied science, rather than as the things that people make and use.[7] More recently, scholars have borrowed from European philosophers of "technique" to extend the meaning of technology to various forms of instrumental reason, as in Foucault's work on technologies of the self (techniques de soi).
Dictionaries and scholars have offered a variety of definitions. The Merriam-Webster Learner's Dictionary offers a definition of the term: "the use of science in industry, engineering, etc., to invent useful things or to solve problems" and "a machine, piece of equipment, method, etc., that is created by technology."[8] Ursula Franklin, in her 1989 "Real World of Technology" lecture, gave another definition of the concept; it is "practice, the way we do things around here."[9] The term is often used to imply a specific field of technology, or to refer to high technology or just consumer electronics, rather than technology as a whole.[10] Bernard Stiegler, in Technics and Time, 1, defines technology in two ways: as "the pursuit of life by means other than life," and as "organized inorganic matter."[11]
Technology can be most broadly defined as the entities, both material and immaterial, created by the application of mental and physical effort in order to achieve some value. In this usage, technology refers to tools and machines that may be used to solve real-world problems. It is a far-reaching term that may include simple tools, such as a crowbar or wooden spoon, or more complex machines, such as a space station or particle accelerator. Tools and machines need not be material; virtual technology, such as computer software and business methods, fall under this definition of technology.[12] W. Brian Arthur defines technology in a similarly broad way as "a means to fulfill a human purpose."[13]
The word "technology" can also be used to refer to a collection of techniques. In this context, it is the current state of humanity's knowledge of how to combine resources to produce desired products, to solve problems, fulfill needs, or satisfy wants; it includes technical methods, skills, processes, techniques, tools and raw materials. When combined with another term, such as "medical technology" or "space technology," it refers to the state of the respective field's knowledge and tools. "State-of-the-art technology" refers to the high technology available to humanity in any field.




The invention of integrated circuits and the microprocessor (here, an Intel 4004 chip from 1971) led to the modern computer revolution.


Technology can be viewed as an activity that forms or changes culture.[14] Additionally, technology is the application of math, science, and the arts for the benefit of life as it is known. A modern example is the rise of communication technology, which has lessened barriers to human interaction and as a result has helped spawn new subcultures; the rise of cyberculture has at its basis the development of the Internet and the computer.[15] Not all technology enhances culture in a creative way; technology can also help facilitate political oppression and war via tools such as guns. As a cultural activity, technology predates both science and engineering, each of which formalize some aspects of technological endeavor.

Science, engineering and technology




Antoine Lavoisier conducting an experiment with combustion generated by amplified sun light


The distinction between science, engineering, and technology is not always clear. Science is systematic knowledge of the physical or material world gained through observation and experimentation.[16] Technologies are not usually exclusively products of science, because they have to satisfy requirements such as utility, usability, and safety.
Engineering is the goal-oriented process of designing and making tools and systems to exploit natural phenomena for practical human means, often (but not always) using results and techniques from science. The development of technology may draw upon many fields of knowledge, including scientific, engineering, mathematical, linguistic, and historical knowledge, to achieve some practical result.
Technology is often a consequence of science and engineering, although technology as a human activity precedes the two fields. For example, science might study the flow of electrons in electrical conductors by using already-existing tools and knowledge. This new-found knowledge may then be used by engineers to create new tools and machines such as semiconductors, computers, and other forms of advanced technology. In this sense, scientists and engineers may both be considered technologists; the three fields are often considered as one for the purposes of research and reference.[17]
The exact relations between science and technology in particular have been debated by scientists, historians, and policymakers in the late 20th century, in part because the debate can inform the funding of basic and applied science. In the immediate wake of World War II, for example, it was widely considered in the United States that technology was simply "applied science" and that to fund basic science was to reap technological results in due time. An articulation of this philosophy could be found explicitly in Vannevar Bush's treatise on postwar science policy, Science – The Endless Frontier: "New products, new industries, and more jobs require continuous additions to knowledge of the laws of nature ... This essential new knowledge can be obtained only through basic scientific research."[18] In the late-1960s, however, this view came under direct attack, leading towards initiatives to fund science for specific tasks (initiatives resisted by the scientific community). The issue remains contentious, though most analysts resist the model that technology simply is a result of scientific research.[19][20]
History
Main articles: History of technology, Timeline of historic inventions, and Timeline of electrical and electronic engineering
Paleolithic (2.5 Ma – 10 ka)




A primitive chopper


Further information: Outline of prehistoric technology
The use of tools by early humans was partly a process of discovery and of evolution. Early humans evolved from a species of foraging hominids which were already bipedal,[21] with a brain mass approximately one third of modern humans.[22] Tool use remained relatively unchanged for most of early human history. Approximately 50,000 years ago, the use of tools and complex set of behaviors emerged, believed by many archaeologists to be connected to the emergence of fully modern language.[23]
Stone tools




Hand axes from the Acheulian period






A Clovis point, made via pressure flaking


Hominids started using primitive stone tools millions of years ago. The earliest stone tools were little more than a fractured rock, but approximately 75,000 years ago,[24] pressure flaking provided a way to make much finer work.
Fire
Main article: Control of fire by early humans
The discovery and utilization of fire, a simple energy source with many profound uses, was a turning point in the technological evolution of humankind.[25] The exact date of its discovery is not known; evidence of burnt animal bones at the Cradle of Humankind suggests that the domestication of fire occurred before 1 Ma;[26] scholarly consensus indicates that Homo erectus had controlled fire by between 500 and 400 ka.[27][28] Fire, fueled with wood and charcoal, allowed early humans to cook their food to increase its digestibility, improving its nutrient value and broadening the number of foods that could be eaten.[29]
Clothing and shelter
Other technological advances made during the Paleolithic era were clothing and shelter; the adoption of both technologies cannot be dated exactly, but they were a key to humanity's progress. As the Paleolithic era progressed, dwellings became more sophisticated and more elaborate; as early as 380 ka, humans were constructing temporary wood huts.[30][31] Clothing, adapted from the fur and hides of hunted animals, helped humanity expand into colder regions; humans began to migrate out of Africa by 200 ka and into other continents such as Eurasia.[32]
Neolithic through classical antiquity (10 ka – 300 CE)




An array of Neolithic artifacts, including bracelets, axe heads, chisels, and polishing tools


Human's technological ascent began in earnest in what is known as the Neolithic Period ("New Stone Age"). The invention of polished stone axes was a major advance that allowed forest clearance on a large scale to create farms. This use of polished stone axes increased greatly in the Neolithic, but were originally used in the preceding Mesolithic in some areas such as Ireland.[33] Agriculture fed larger populations, and the transition to sedentism allowed simultaneously raising more children, as infants no longer needed to be carried, as nomadic ones must. Additionally, children could contribute labor to the raising of crops more readily than they could to the hunter-gatherer economy.[34][35]
With this increase in population and availability of labor came an increase in labor specialization.[36] What triggered the progression from early Neolithic villages to the first cities, such as Uruk, and the first civilizations, such as Sumer, is not specifically known; however, the emergence of increasingly hierarchical social structures and specialized labor, of trade and war amongst adjacent cultures, and the need for collective action to overcome environmental challenges such as irrigation, are all thought to have played a role.[37]
Metal tools
Continuing improvements led to the furnace and bellows and provided the ability to smelt and forge native metals (naturally occurring in relatively pure form).[38] Gold, copper, silver, and lead, were such early metals. The advantages of copper tools over stone, bone, and wooden tools were quickly apparent to early humans, and native copper was probably used from near the beginning of Neolithic times (about 10 ka).[39] Native copper does not naturally occur in large amounts, but copper ores are quite common and some of them produce metal easily when burned in wood or charcoal fires. Eventually, the working of metals led to the discovery of alloys such as bronze and brass (about 4000 BCE). The first uses of iron alloys such as steel dates to around 1800 BCE.[40][41]
Energy and transport




The wheel was invented circa 4000 BCE.


Main article: History of transport
Meanwhile, humans were learning to harness other forms of energy. The earliest known use of wind power is the sailboat; the earliest record of a ship under sail is that of a Nile boat that dates back to the 8th millennium BCE.[42] From prehistoric times, Egyptians probably used the power of the annual flooding of the Nile to irrigate their lands, gradually learning to regulate much of it through purposely built irrigation channels and "catch" basins. Similarly, the early peoples of Mesopotamia, the Sumerians, learned to use the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers for much the same purposes. However, more extensive use of wind and water (and even human) power required another invention.
According to archaeologists, the wheel was invented around 4000 BCE probably independently and nearly simultaneously in Mesopotamia (in present-day Iraq), the Northern Caucasus (Maykop culture) and Central Europe.[43] Estimates on when this may have occurred range from 5500 to 3000 BCE with most experts putting it closer to 4000 BCE.[44] The oldest artifacts with drawings that depict wheeled carts date from about 3500 BCE;[45] however, the wheel may have been in use for millennia before these drawings were made. There is also evidence from the same period for the use of the potter's wheel. More recently, the oldest-known wooden wheel in the world was found in the Ljubljana marshes of Slovenia.[46]
The invention of the wheel revolutionized trade and war. It did not take long to discover that wheeled wagons could be used to carry heavy loads. Fast (rotary) potters' wheels enabled early mass production of pottery, but it was the use of the wheel as a transformer of energy (through water wheels, windmills, and even treadmills) that revolutionized the application of nonhuman power sources.
Medieval and modern history (300 CE – present)
Main articles: Medieval technology, Renaissance technology, Industrial Revolution, Second Industrial Revolution, Information Technology, and Productivity improving technologies (economic history)
Innovations continued through the Middle Ages with innovations such as silk, the horse collar and horseshoes in the first few hundred years after the fall of the Roman Empire. Medieval technology saw the use of simple machines (such as the lever, the screw, and the pulley) being combined to form more complicated tools, such as the wheelbarrow, windmills and clocks. The Renaissance brought forth many of these innovations, including the printing press (which facilitated the greater communication of knowledge), and technology became increasingly associated with science, beginning a cycle of mutual advancement. The advancements in technology in this era allowed a more steady supply of food, followed by the wider availability of consumer goods.




The automobile revolutionized personal transportation.


Starting in the United Kingdom in the 18th century, the Industrial Revolution was a period of great technological discovery, particularly in the areas of agriculture, manufacturing, mining, metallurgy, and transport, driven by the discovery of steam power. Technology took another step in a second industrial revolution with the harnessing of electricity to create such innovations as the electric motor, light bulb, and countless others. Scientific advancement and the discovery of new concepts later allowed for powered flight and advancements in medicine, chemistry, physics, and engineering. The rise in technology has led to skyscrapers and broad urban areas whose inhabitants rely on motors to transport them and their food supply. Communication was also greatly improved with the invention of the telegraph, telephone, radio and television. The late 19th and early 20th centuries saw a revolution in transportation with the invention of the airplane and automobile.




F-15 and F-16 flying over Kuwaiti oil fires during the Gulf War in 1991.


The 20th century brought a host of innovations. In physics, the discovery of nuclear fission has led to both nuclear weapons and nuclear power. Computers were also invented and later miniaturized utilizing transistors and integrated circuits. Information technology subsequently led to the creation of the Internet, which ushered in the current Information Age. Humans have also been able to explore space with satellites (later used for telecommunication) and in manned missions going all the way to the moon. In medicine, this era brought innovations such as open-heart surgery and later stem cell therapy along with new medications and treatments.
Complex manufacturing and construction techniques and organizations are needed to make and maintain these new technologies, and entire industries have arisen to support and develop succeeding generations of increasingly more complex tools. Modern technology increasingly relies on training and education – their designers, builders, maintainers, and users often require sophisticated general and specific training. Moreover, these technologies have become so complex that entire fields have been created to support them, including engineering, medicine, and computer science, and other fields have been made more complex, such as construction, transportation and architecture.
Philosophy
Technicism
Generally, technicism is the belief in the utility of technology for improving human societies.[47] Taken to an extreme, technicism "reflects a fundamental attitude which seeks to control reality, to resolve all problems with the use of scientific-technological methods and tools."[48] In other words, human beings will someday be able to master all problems and possibly even control the future using technology. Some, such as Stephen V. Monsma,[49] connect these ideas to the abdication of religion as a higher moral authority.
Optimism
See also: Extropianism
Optimistic assumptions are made by proponents of ideologies such as transhumanism and singularitarianism, which view technological development as generally having beneficial effects for the society and the human condition. In these ideologies, technological development is morally good.
Transhumanists generally believe that the point of technology is to overcome barriers, and that what we commonly refer to as the human condition is just another barrier to be surpassed.
Singularitarians believe in some sort of "accelerating change"; that the rate of technological progress accelerates as we obtain more technology, and that this will culminate in a "Singularity" after artificial general intelligence is invented in which progress is nearly infinite; hence the term. Estimates for the date of this Singularity vary,[50] but prominent futurist Ray Kurzweil estimates the Singularity will occur in 2045.
Kurzweil is also known for his history of the universe in six epochs: (1) the physical/chemical epoch, (2) the life epoch, (3) the human/brain epoch, (4) the technology epoch, (5) the artificial intelligence epoch, and (6) the universal colonization epoch. Going from one epoch to the next is a Singularity in its own right, and a period of speeding up precedes it. Each epoch takes a shorter time, which means the whole history of the universe is one giant Singularity event.[51]
Some critics see these ideologies as examples of scientism and techno-utopianism and fear the notion of human enhancement and technological singularity which they support. Some have described Karl Marx as a techno-optimist.[52]
Skepticism and critics
See also: Luddite, Neo-Luddism, Anarcho-primitivism, and Bioconservatism




Luddites smashing a power loom in 1812


On the somewhat skeptical side are certain philosophers like Herbert Marcuse and John Zerzan, who believe that technological societies are inherently flawed. They suggest that the inevitable result of such a society is to become evermore technological at the cost of freedom and psychological health.
Many, such as the Luddites and prominent philosopher Martin Heidegger, hold serious, although not entirely, deterministic reservations about technology (see "The Question Concerning Technology"[53]). According to Heidegger scholars Hubert Dreyfus and Charles Spinosa, "Heidegger does not oppose technology. He hopes to reveal the essence of technology in a way that 'in no way confines us to a stultified compulsion to push on blindly with technology or, what comes to the same thing, to rebel helplessly against it.' Indeed, he promises that 'when we once open ourselves expressly to the essence of technology, we find ourselves unexpectedly taken into a freeing claim.'[54] What this entails is a more complex relationship to technology than either techno-optimists or techno-pessimists tend to allow."[55]
Some of the most poignant criticisms of technology are found in what are now considered to be dystopian literary classics such as Aldous Huxley's Brave New World, Anthony Burgess's A Clockwork Orange, and George Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Four. In Goethe's Faust, Faust selling his soul to the devil in return for power over the physical world is also often interpreted as a metaphor for the adoption of industrial technology. More recently, modern works of science fiction such as those by Philip K. Dick and William Gibson and films such as Blade Runner and Ghost in the Shell project highly ambivalent or cautionary attitudes toward technology's impact on human society and identity.
The late cultural critic Neil Postman distinguished tool-using societies from technological societies and from what he called "technopolies," societies that are dominated by the ideology of technological and scientific progress to the exclusion or harm of other cultural practices, values and world-views.[56]
Darin Barney has written about technology's impact on practices of citizenship and democratic culture, suggesting that technology can be construed as (1) an object of political debate, (2) a means or medium of discussion, and (3) a setting for democratic deliberation and citizenship. As a setting for democratic culture, Barney suggests that technology tends to make ethical questions, including the question of what a good life consists in, nearly impossible, because they already give an answer to the question: a good life is one that includes the use of more and more technology.[57]
Nikolas Kompridis has also written about the dangers of new technology, such as genetic engineering, nanotechnology, synthetic biology, and robotics. He warns that these technologies introduce unprecedented new challenges to human beings, including the possibility of the permanent alteration of our biological nature. These concerns are shared by other philosophers, scientists and public intellectuals who have written about similar issues (e.g. Francis Fukuyama, Jürgen Habermas, William Joy, and Michael Sandel).[58]
Another prominent critic of technology is Hubert Dreyfus, who has published books such as On the Internet and What Computers Still Can't Do.
A more infamous anti-technological treatise is Industrial Society and Its Future, written by the Unabomber Ted Kaczynski and printed in several major newspapers (and later books) as part of an effort to end his bombing campaign of the techno-industrial infrastructure.
Appropriate technology
See also: Technocriticism and Technorealism
The notion of appropriate technology was developed in the 20th century by thinkers such as E. F. Schumacher and Jacques Ellul to describe situations where it was not desirable to use very new technologies or those that required access to some centralized infrastructure or parts or skills imported from elsewhere. The ecovillage movement emerged in part due to this concern.
Optimism and skepticism in the 21st century
This section mainly focuses on American concerns even if it can reasonably be generalized to other Western countries.

The inadequate quantity and quality of American jobs is one of the most fundamental economic challenges we face. [...] What's the linkage between technology and this fundamental problem?
— Bernstein, Jared, "It’s Not a Skills Gap That’s Holding Wages Down: It’s the Weak Economy, Among Other Things," in The American Prospect, October 2014

In his article, Jared Bernstein, a Senior Fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities,[59] questions the widespread idea that automation, and more broadly, technological advances, have mainly contributed to this growing labor market problem. His thesis appears to be a third way between optimism and skepticism. Essentially, he stands for a neutral approach of the linkage between technology and American issues concerning unemployment and declining wages.
He uses two main arguments to defend his point. First, because of recent technological advances, an increasing number of workers are losing their jobs. Yet, scientific evidence fails to clearly demonstrate that technology has displaced so many workers that it has created more problems than it has solved. Indeed, automation threatens repetitive jobs but higher-end jobs are still necessary because they complement technology and manual jobs that "requires flexibility judgment and common sense"[60] remain hard to replace with machines. Second, studies have not shown clear links between recent technology advances and the wage trends of the last decades.
Therefore, according to Bernstein, instead of focusing on technology and its hypothetical influences on current American increasing unemployment and declining wages, one needs to worry more about "bad policy that fails to offset the imbalances in demand, trade, income and opportunity."[60]
Complex technological systems
Thomas P. Hughes stated that because technology has been considered as a key way to solve problems, we need to be aware of its complex and varied characters to use it more efficiently.[61] What is the difference between a wheel or a compass and cooking machines such as an oven or a gas stove? Can we consider all of them, only a part of them, or none of them as technologies?
Technology is often considered too narrowly; according to Hughes, "Technology is a creative process involving human ingenuity.[62] This definition's emphasis on creativity avoids unbounded definitions that may mistakenly include cooking “technologies," but it also highlights the prominent role of humans and therefore their responsibilities for the use of complex technological systems.
Yet, because technology is everywhere and has dramatically changed landscapes and societies, Hughes argues that engineers, scientists, and managers have often believed that they can use technology to shape the world as they want. They have often supposed that technology is easily controllable and this assumption has to be thoroughly questioned.[61] For instance, Evgeny Morozov particularly challenges two concepts: “Internet-centrism” and “solutionism."[63] Internet-centrism refers to the idea that our society is convinced that the Internet is one of the most stable and coherent forces. Solutionism is the ideology that every social issue can be solved thanks to technology and especially thanks to the internet. In fact, technology intrinsically contains uncertainties and limitations. According to Alexis Madrigal's review of Morozov's theory, to ignore it will lead to “unexpected consequences that could eventually cause more damage than the problems they seek to address."[64] Benjamin R. Cohen and Gwen Ottinger also discussed the multivalent effects of technology.[65]
Therefore, recognition of the limitations of technology, and more broadly, scientific knowledge, is needed – especially in cases dealing with environmental justice and health issues. Ottinger continues this reasoning and argues that the ongoing recognition of the limitations of scientific knowledge goes hand in hand with scientists and engineers’ new comprehension of their role. Such an approach of technology and science "[require] technical professionals to conceive of their roles in the process differently. [They have to consider themselves as] collaborators in research and problem solving rather than simply providers of information and technical solutions."[66]
Competitiveness
Technology is properly defined as any application of science to accomplish a function. The science can be leading edge or well established and the function can have high visibility or be significantly more mundane, but it is all technology, and its exploitation is the foundation of all competitive advantage.
Technology-based planning is what was used to build the US industrial giants before WWII (e.g., Dow, DuPont, GM) and it is what was used to transform the US into a superpower. It was not economic-based planning.
Other animal species
See also: Tool use by animals, Structures built by animals, and Ecosystem engineer




This adult gorilla uses a branch as a walking stick to gauge the water's depth, an example of technology usage by non-human primates.


The use of basic technology is also a feature of other animal species apart from humans. These include primates such as chimpanzees,[67] some dolphin communities,[68] and crows.[69][70] Considering a more generic perspective of technology as ethology of active environmental conditioning and control, we can also refer to animal examples such as beavers and their dams, or bees and their honeycombs.
The ability to make and use tools was once considered a defining characteristic of the genus Homo.[71] However, the discovery of tool construction among chimpanzees and related primates has discarded the notion of the use of technology as unique to humans. For example, researchers have observed wild chimpanzees utilising tools for foraging: some of the tools used include leaf sponges, termite fishing probes, pestles and levers.[72] West African chimpanzees also use stone hammers and anvils for cracking nuts,[73] as do capuchin monkeys of Boa Vista, Brazil.[74]
Future technology
Main article: Emerging technologies
Theories of technology often attempt to predict the future of technology based on the high technology and science of the time. As with all predictions of the future, however, technology's is uncertain.
Futurist Ray Kurzweil predicts that the future of technology will be mainly consist of an overlapping "GNR Revolution" of Genetics, Nanotechnology, and Robotics, with robotics being the most important of the three.[75]
See also
Main article: Outline of technology





Book: Technology






Technology portal




Architectural technology
Critique of technology
Greatest Engineering Achievements of the 20th Century
History of science and technology
Knowledge economy
Law of the instrument – Golden hammer
Lewis Mumford
List of years in science
Niche construction
Science and technology in Argentina
Technological convergence
Technology and society
Technology assessment
Technology tree
-logy
Superpower § Possible factors


Theories and concepts in technology


Appropriate technology
Diffusion of innovations
Human enhancement
Instrumental conception of technology
Jacques Ellul
Paradigm
Philosophy of technology
Posthumanism
Precautionary principle
Singularitarianism
Strategy of Technology
Techno-progressivism
Technocentrism
Technocracy
Technocriticism
Technological determinism
Technological evolution
Technological nationalism
Technological revival
Technological singularity
Technology management
Technology readiness level
Technorealism
Transhumanism


Economics of technology


Energy accounting
Nanosocialism
Post-scarcity economy
Productivity improving technologies (economic history)
Technocracy
Technocapitalism
Technological diffusion
Technology acceptance model
Technology lifecycle
Technology transfer


Technology journalism


Engadget
TechCrunch
The Verge (website)
Wired (magazine)


Other


STEM fields


References


^ National Research Council; Division on Engineering and Physical Sciences; Energy Engineering Board; Commission on Engineering and Technical Systems; Committee on Electricity in Economic Growth (1986). Electricity in Economic Growth. Washington, DC: National Academies Press. pp. 16, 40. ISBN 0-309-03677-1. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Liddell, Henry George; Scott, Robert (1980). A Greek-English Lexicon (Abridged Edition). United Kingdom: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19-910207-4. 
^ Crabb, George (1823). Universal Technological Dictionary, or Familiar Explanation of the Terms Used in All Arts and Sciences. London: Baldwin, Cradock, and Joy. p. 524 – via Internet Archive. 
^ Mannix, Loretta H.; Stratton, Julius Adams (2005). Mind and Hand: The Birth of MIT. Cambridge: MIT Press. pp. 190–92. ISBN 0262195240. 
^ "Technik Comes to America: Changing Meanings of Technology Before 1930". Technology and Culture. 47. 
^ "Technology and State Government". American Sociological Review. 2. 
^ MacKenzie, Donald A.; Wajcman, Judy (1999). "Introductory Essay". The Social Shaping of Technology (2nd ed.). Buckingham: Open University Press. ISBN 0-335-19913-5. 
^ "Technology | Definition of Technology by Merriam-Webster". Merriam-Webster. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Franklin, Ursula (1999). The Real World of Technology (revised ed.). Scarborough: House of Anansi. ISBN 9780887848919. 
^ See, for example, "Technology". BBC News. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Stiegler, Bernard (1998). Technics and Time, 1: The Fault of Epimetheus. Stanford University Press. pp. 17, 82. ISBN 0-8047-3041-5.  Stiegler has more recently stated that biotechnology can no longer be defined as "organized inorganic matter," given that it is, rather, "the reorganization of the organic." Stiegler, Bernard (2008). L'avenir du passé: Modernité de l'archéologie. La Découverte. p. 23. ISBN 2-7071-5495-4. 
^ "Industry, Technology and the Global Marketplace: International Patenting Trends in Two New Technology Areas". Science and Engineering Indicators 2002. National Science Foundation. Archived from the original on 18 August 2005. Retrieved 7 May 2007. 
^ Arthur, W. Brian (2009). The Nature of Technology. New York: Free Press. p. 28. ISBN 978-1-4165-4405-0. 
^ Borgmann, Albert (2006). "Technology as a Cultural Force: For Alena and Griffin" (fee required). The Canadian Journal of Sociology. 31 (3): 351–60. doi:10.1353/cjs.2006.0050. Retrieved 16 February 2007. 
^ Macek, Jakub. "Defining Cyberculture". Retrieved 25 May 2007. 
^ "Science". Dictionary.com. 2016. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ "Intute: Science, Engineering and Technology". Intute. Archived from the original on 17 February 2007. Retrieved 17 February 2007. 
^ Bush, Vannevar (July 1945). "Science the Endless Frontier". National Science Foundation. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Wise, George (1985). "Science and Technology". Osiris (2nd Series). 1: 229–46. doi:10.1086/368647. 
^ Guston, David H. (2000). Between Politics and Science: Assuring the Integrity and Productivity of Research. New York: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-65318-5. 
^ "Mother of man – 3.2 million years ago". BBC. Retrieved 17 May 2008. 
^ "Human Evolution". History Channel. Archived from the original on 23 April 2008. Retrieved 17 May 2008. 
^ Wade, Nicholas (July 15, 2003). "Early Voices: The Leap to Language". The New York Times. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Bower, Bruce (October 29, 2010). "Stone Agers Sharpened Skills 55,000 Years Earlier Than Thought". WIRED. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Crump, Thomas (2001). A Brief History of Science. Constable & Robinson. p. 9. ISBN 1-84119-235-X. 
^ "Fossil Hominid Sites of Sterkfontein, Swartkrans, Kromdraai, and Environs". UNESCO. Retrieved 10 March 2007. 
^ "Stone Age Man". History World. Retrieved 13 February 2007. 
^ James, Steven R. (February 1989). "Hominid Use of Fire in the Lower and Middle Pleistocene". Current Anthropology. 30 (1): 1–26. JSTOR 2743299. doi:10.1086/203705. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ Stahl, Ann B. (1984). "Hominid dietary selection before fire". Current Anthropology. 25 (2): 151–68. JSTOR 2742818. doi:10.1086/203106. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ O'Neil, Dennis. "Evolution of Modern Humans: Archaic Homo sapiens Culture". Palomar College. Retrieved 31 March 2007. 
^ Villa, Paola (1983). Terra Amata and the Middle Pleistocene archaeological record of southern France. Berkeley: University of California Press. p. 303. ISBN 0-520-09662-2. 
^ Cordaux, Richard; Stoneking, Mark (2003). "South Asia, the Andamanese, and the Genetic Evidence for an 'Early' Human Dispersal out of Africa" (PDF). American Journal of Human Genetics. 72 (6): 1586–90; author reply 1590–93. PMC 1180321 . PMID 12817589. doi:10.1086/375407. 
^ Driscoll, Killian (2006). The early prehistory in the west of Ireland: Investigations into the social archaeology of the Mesolithic, west of the Shannon, Ireland. 
^ University of Chicago Press Journals (January 4, 2006). "The First Baby Boom: Skeletal Evidence Shows Abrupt Worldwide Increase In Birth Rate During Neolithic Period". ScienceDaily. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Sussman, Robert W.; Hall, Roberta L. (April 1972). "Child Transport, Family Size, and Increase in Human Population During the Neolithic". Current Anthropology. University of Chicago Press. 13 (2): 258–67. JSTOR 2740977. doi:10.1086/201274. 
^ Ferraro, Gary P. (2006). Cultural Anthropology: An Applied Perspective. The Thomson Corporation. ISBN 0-495-03039-2. Retrieved 17 May 2008. 
^ Patterson, Gordon M. (1992). The ESSENTIALS of Ancient History. Research & Education Association. ISBN 978-0-87891-704-4. Retrieved 17 May 2008. 
^ Cramb, Alan W. "A Short History of Metals". Carnegie Mellon University. Archived from the original on 8 January 2007. Retrieved 8 January 2007. 
^ Chisholm, Hugh (1910). The Encyclopædia Britannica: A dictionary of arts, sciences, literature and general information. Encyclopædia Britannica. p. 708. Retrieved 17 May 2008. 
^ "The significance of the composition of excavated iron fragments taken from Stratum III at the site of Kaman-Kalehöyük, Turkey". Anatolian Archeological Studies. 14. 
^ "Ironware piece unearthed from Turkey found to be oldest steel". The Hindu. March 26, 2009. Archived from the original on 29 March 2009. Retrieved November 8, 2016. 
^ "The oldest representation of a Nile boat". Antiquity. 81. 
^ Potts, D. T. (2012). A Companion to the Archaeology of the Ancient Near East. p. 285. 
^ Childe, V. Gordon (1928). New Light on the Most Ancient East. p. 110. 
^ Anthony, David A. (2007). The Horse, the Wheel, and Language: How Bronze-Age Riders from the Eurasian Steppes Shaped the Modern World. Princeton: Princeton University Press. p. 67. ISBN 0-691-05887-3. 
^ Gasser, Aleksander (March 2003). "World's Oldest Wheel Found in Slovenia". Republic of Slovenia Government Communication Office. Retrieved November 8, 2016. 
^ Breslin, Gerry, ed. (2011). "technicism". Collins English Dictionary. HarperCollins. ISBN 9780007437863. 
^ "Philosophical and Ethical Problems of Technicism and Genetic Engineering". Society for Philosophy and Technology. 3. 
^ Monsma, Stephen V. (1986). Responsible Technology. Grand Rapids: W.B. Eerdmans Pub. Co. ISBN 0-8028-0175-7. 
^ Muehlhauser, Luke (November 10, 2015). "Intelligence Explosion FAQ". Machine Intelligence Research Institute. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ Kurzweil, Ray (2005). "The Six Epochs". The Singularity is Near: When Humans Transcend Biology. Penguin. ISBN 9781101218884. 
^ Hughes, James. "Democratic Transhumanism 2.0". Changesurfer. Retrieved November 10, 2016. 
^ Lovitt, William (1977). "The Question Concerning Technology". The Question Concerning Technology and Other Essays. Harper Torchbooks. pp. 3–35. ISBN 0-613-91314-0. Retrieved 21 November 2007. 
^ Heidegger, Martin (1977). "The Question Concerning Technology". The Question Concerning Technology and Other Essays. Translated by Lovitt, W. New York: HarperCollins. pp. 25–26. 
^ Dreyfus, Hubert; Spinosa, Charles (2006). "Further Reflections on Heidegger, Technology, and the Everyday". In Kompridis, Nikolas. Philosophical Romanticism. New York: Routledge. pp. 265–81. 
^ Postman, Neil (1993). Technopoly: The Surrender of Culture to Technology. New York: Vintage. 
^ Barney, Darin (2007). One Nation Under Google. Toronto: House of Anansi Press. 
^ "Technology's Challenge to Democracy". Parrhesia. 8. 
^ "Jared Bernstein". Center for Budget and Policy Priorities. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ a b "It’s Not a Skills Gap That’s Holding Wages Down: It's the Weak Economy, Among Other Things". The American Prospect. 25. 
^ a b Hughes, Thomas P. (2004). Human-Built World: How to Think About Technology and Culture. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. pp. 1–11. ISBN 9780226359335. 
^ Hughes, Thomas P. (2004) “Introduction: Complex Technology” (1–11) in "Human-Built World: How to Think About Technology and Culture"
^ Morozov, Evgeny (2013). To Save Everything, Click Here: The Folly of Technological Solutionism. New York: PublicAffairs. ISBN 9781610391399. 
^ Madrigal, Alexis C. (March 13, 2013). "Toward a Complex, Realistic, and Moral Tech Criticism". The Atlantic. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ Cohen, Benjamin; Ottinger, Gwen (2011). "Introduction: Environmental Justice and the Transformation of Science and Engineering". In Ottinger, Gwen; Cohen, Benjamin. Technoscience and Environmental Justice: Expert Cultures in a Grassroots Movement. MIT Press. pp. 1–18. ISBN 9780262015790. 
^ Ottinger, Gwen (2011). "Rupturing Engineering Education: Opportunities for Transforming Expert Identities Through Community-Based Projects". In Ottinger, Gwen; Cohen, Benjamin. Technoscience and Environmental Justice: Expert Cultures in a Grassroots Movement. MIT Press. pp. 229–48. ISBN 9780262015790. 
^ Sagan, Carl; Druyan, Ann; Leakey, Richard. "Chimpanzee Tool Use". Archived from the original on 21 September 2006. Retrieved 13 February 2007. 
^ Rincon, Paul (June 7, 2005). "Sponging dolphins learn from mum". BBC News. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ Schmid, Randolph E. (October 4, 2007). "Crows use tools to find food". NBC News. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ Rutz, C.; Bluff, L.A.; Weir, A.A.S.; Kacelnik, A. (4 October 2007). "Video cameras on wild birds". Science. 318 (5851): 765. Bibcode:2007Sci...318..765R. doi:10.1126/science.1146788. 
^ Oakley, K. P. (1976). Man the Tool-Maker. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 9780226612706. 
^ McGrew, W. C (1992). Chimpanzee Material Culture. Cambridge u.a.: Cambridge Univ. Press. ISBN 978-0-521-42371-7. 
^ Boesch, Christophe; Boesch, Hedwige (1984). "Mental map in wild chimpanzees: An analysis of hammer transports for nut cracking". Primates. 25 (2): 160–70. doi:10.1007/BF02382388. 
^ Brahic, Catherine (January 15, 2009). "Nut-cracking monkeys find the right tool for the job". New Scientist. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ Kurzweil, Ray (2005). "GNR: Three Overlapping Revolutions". The Singularity is Near. Penguin. ISBN 9781101218884. 


Further reading

Find more aboutTechnologyat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity



Ambrose, Stanley H. (2 March 2001). "Paleolithic Technology and Human Evolution" (PDF). Science. Science. 291 (5509): 1748–53. Bibcode:2001Sci...291.1748A. PMID 11249821. doi:10.1126/science.1059487. Retrieved 10 March 2007. 
Huesemann, M.H., and J.A. Huesemann (2011). Technofix: Why Technology Won’t Save Us or the Environment, New Society Publishers, ISBN 0865717044.
Kremer, Michael (1993). "Population Growth and Technological Change: One Million B.C. to 1990". Quarterly Journal of Economics. The MIT Press. 108 (3): 681–716. JSTOR 2118405. doi:10.2307/2118405. .
Kevin Kelly. What Technology Wants. New York, Viking Press, 14 October 2010, hardcover, 416 pages. ISBN 978-0-670-02215-1
Mumford, Lewis. (2010). Technics and Civilization. University of Chicago Press, ISBN 0226550273.
Rhodes, Richard. (2000). Visions of Technology: A Century of Vital Debate about Machines, Systems, and the Human World. Simon & Schuster, ISBN 0684863111.
Teich, A.H. (2008). Technology and the Future. Wadsworth Publishing, 11th edition, ISBN 0495570524.
Wright, R.T. (2008). Technology. Goodheart-Wilcox Company, 5th edition, ISBN 1590707184.







v
t
e


Technology






Outline of technology
Outline of applied science





Fields




Agriculture



Agricultural engineering
Aquaculture
Fisheries science
Food chemistry
Food engineering
Food microbiology
Food technology
GURT
ICT
Nutrition





Biomedical



Bioinformatics
Biological engineering
Biomechatronics
Biomedical engineering
Biotechnology
Cheminformatics
Genetic engineering
Healthcare science
Medical research
Medical technology
Nanomedicine
Neuroscience
Neurotechnology
Pharmacology
Reproductive technology
Tissue engineering





Buildings and
construction



Acoustical engineering
Architectural engineering
Building services engineering
Civil engineering
Construction engineering
Domestic technology
Facade engineering
Fire protection engineering
Safety engineering
Sanitary engineering
Structural engineering





Educational



Educational software
Digital technologies in education
ICT in education
Impact
Multimedia learning
Virtual campus
Virtual education





Energy



Nuclear engineering
Nuclear technology
Petroleum engineering
Soft energy technology





Environmental



Clean technology
Clean coal technology
Ecological design
Ecological engineering
Ecotechnology
Environmental engineering
Environmental engineering science
Green building
Green nanotechnology
Landscape engineering
Renewable energy
Sustainable design
Sustainable engineering





Industrial



Automation
Business informatics
Engineering management
Enterprise engineering
Financial engineering
Industrial biotechnology
Industrial engineering
Metallurgy
Mining engineering
Productivity improving technologies
Research and development
Tribology





IT and
communications



Artificial intelligence
Broadcast engineering
Computer engineering
Computer science
Financial technology
Information technology
Music technology
Ontology engineering
RF engineering
Software engineering
Telecommunications engineering
Visual technology
Web engineering





Military



Army engineering maintenance
Electronic warfare
Military communications
Military engineering
Stealth technology





Transport



Aerospace engineering
Automotive engineering
Naval architecture
Space technology
Traffic engineering
Transport engineering









Others




Applied
science



Cryogenics
Electro-optics
Electronics
Engineering geology
Engineering physics
Hydraulics
Materials science
Microfabrication
Nanoengineering





Engineering
(list)



Audio
Biochemical
Ceramic
Chemical
Polymer
Control
Electrical
Electronic
Entertainment
Geotechnical
Hydraulic
Mechanical
Mechatronics
Optical
Protein
Quantum
Robotics

Animatronics


Systems














Components



Infrastructure
Invention

Timeline


Knowledge
Machine
Skill

Craft


Tool

Gadget







Scales



Femtotechnology
Picotechnology
Nanotechnology
Microtechnology
Macro-engineering
Megascale engineering





History



Prehistoric technology
Neolithic Revolution
Ancient technology
Medieval technology
Renaissance technology
Industrial Revolution

Second


Atomic Age
Jet Age
Space Age
Digital Revolution
Information Age





Theories and
concepts



Appropriate technology
Collingridge dilemma
Critique of technology
Diffusion of innovations
Disruptive innovation
Dual-use technology
Ephemeralization
High tech
Hype cycle
Low-technology
Mature technology
Strategy of Technology
Technicism
Techno-progressivism
Technocapitalism
Technocentrism
Technocracy
Technocriticism
Technoculture
Technoethics
Technoetic
Technogaianism
Technoliberalism
Technolibertarianism
Technological alliance
Technological apartheid
Technological change
Technological convergence
Technological determinism
Technological escalation
Technological evolution
Technological fix
Technological innovation system
Technological momentum
Technological nationalism
Technological paradigm
Technological rationality
Technological revival
Technological revolution
Technological self-efficacy
Technological singularity

Singularitarianism


Technological somnambulism
Technological transitions
Technological unemployment
Technological utopianism
Technology lifecycle

Technology acceptance model
Technology adoption lifecycle


Technomancy
Technopaganism
Technorealism
Technoromanticism
Technoscience

feminist


Transhumanism





Other



Emerging technologies

List


Fictional technology
High-technology business districts
Kardashev scale
List of technologies
Philosophy of technology

Ethics of technology


Science, technology and society

Technology dynamics
Science and technology by country


STEM fields

Pre-STEM
women


STEAM fields
Technology alignment
Technology assessment
Technology brokering
Technology companies
Technology demonstration
Technology education

Technical universities and colleges


Technology evangelist
Technology fusion
Technology governance
Technology integration
Technology journalism
Technology management
Technology museum
Technology policy
Technology shock
Technology strategy
Technology and society
Technology transfer
Technophilia
Technophobia
Technoself
Technosexual
Technosignature
Technostress
Terotechnology








 Book
 Category
 Portal












v
t
e


Prehistoric technology






Prehistory

timeline
outline
Stone Age
subdivisions
New Stone Age
synoptic table


Technology

history












Tools







Farming



Neolithic Revolution

founder crops
New World crops


Ard / plough
Celt
Digging stick
Domestication
Goad
Irrigation
Secondary products
Sickle
Terracing





Food processing



Fire
Basket
Cooking

Earth oven


Granaries
Grinding slab
Ground stone
Hearth

Aşıklı Höyük
Qesem Cave


Manos
Metate
Mortar and pestle
Pottery
Quern-stone
Storage pit





Hunting







Arrow
Boomerang

throwing stick


Bow and arrow

history


Nets
Spear

Spear-thrower
baton
harpoon
woomera
Schöningen Spears







Projectile points



Arrowhead
Bare Island
Cascade
Clovis
Cresswell
Cumberland
Eden
Folsom
Lamoka
Manis Site
Plano
Transverse arrowhead





Systems



Game drive system

Buffalo jump










Toolmaking



Earliest toolmaking

Oldowan
Acheulean
Mousterian


Clovis culture
Cupstone
Fire hardening
Gravettian culture
Hafting
Hand axe

Grooves


Langdale axe industry
Levallois technique
Lithic core
Lithic reduction

analysis
debitage
flake


Lithic technology
Magdalenian culture
Metallurgy
Microblade technology
Mining
Prepared-core technique
Solutrean industry
Striking platform
Tool stone
Uniface
Yubetsu technique





Other tools



Adze
Awl

bone


Axe
Bannerstone
Blade

prismatic


Bone tool
Bow drill
Burin
Canoe

Oar
Pesse canoe


Chopper

tool


Cleaver
Denticulate tool
Fire plough
Fire-saw
Hammerstone
Knife
Microlith
Quern-stone
Racloir
Rope
Scraper

side


Stone tool
Tally stick
Weapons
Wheel

illustration


















Architecture







Ceremonial



Göbekli Tepe
Kiva
Standing stones

megalith
row
Stonehenge


Pyramid





Dwellings



Neolithic architecture
British megalith architecture
Nordic megalith architecture
Burdei
Cave
Cliff dwelling
Dugout
Hut

Quiggly hole


Jacal
Longhouse
Mud brick

Mehrgarh


Neolithic long house
Pit-house
Pueblitos
Pueblo
Rock shelter

Blombos Cave
Abri de la Madeleine
Sibudu Cave


Stone roof
Roundhouse
Stilt house

Alp pile dwellings


Wattle and daub





Water management



Check dam
Cistern
Flush toilet
Reservoir
Water well





Other architecture



Archaeological features
Broch
Burnt mound

fulacht fiadh


Causewayed enclosure

Tor enclosure


Circular enclosure

Goseck


Cursus
Henge

Thornborough


Oldest buildings
Megalithic architectural elements
Midden
Timber circle
Timber trackway

Sweet Track


















Arts and culture







Material goods



Baskets
Beadwork
Beds
Chalcolithic
Clothing/textiles

timeline


Cosmetics
Glue
Hides

shoes
Ötzi


Jewelry

amber use


Mirrors
Pottery

Cardium
Grooved ware
Linear
Jōmon
Unstan ware


Sewing needle
Weaving
Wine

Winery
wine press







Prehistoric art



Art of the Upper Paleolithic
Art of the Middle Paleolithic

Blombos Cave


List of Stone Age art
Bird stone
Bradshaw rock paintings
Cairn
Carved Stone Balls
Cave paintings

painting
pigment


Cup and ring mark
Geoglyph
Golden hats
Guardian stones
Megalithic art
Petroform
Petroglyph
Petrosomatoglyph
Pictogram
Rock art

Stone carving


Sculpture
Statue menhir
Stone circle

list
British Isles and Brittany


Venus figurines





Burial



Burial mounds

Bowl barrow
Round barrow


Mound Builders culture

U.S. sites


Chamber tomb

Severn-Cotswold


Cist

Dartmoor kistvaens


Clava cairn
Court tomb
Cremation
Dolmen

Great dolmen


Funeral pyre
Gallery grave

transepted
wedge-shaped


Grave goods
Jar burial
Long barrow

unchambered
Grønsalen


Megalithic tomb
Mummy
Passage grave
Rectangular dolmen
Ring cairn
Simple dolmen
Stone box grave
Tor cairn
Tumulus
Unchambered long cairn





Other cultural



Astronomy

sites
lunar calendar


Behavioral modernity
Origin of language
Prehistoric medicine

trepanning


Evolutionary musicology

music archaeology


Prehistoric music

Alligator drum
flutes
Divje Babe flute
gudi


Prehistoric numerals
Origin of religion

Paleolithic religion
Prehistoric religion
Spiritual drug use


Prehistoric warfare
Symbols

symbolism




















v
t
e


Emerging technologies



Fields




Agriculture



Agricultural robot
Closed ecological systems
Cultured meat
Genetically modified food
Precision agriculture
Vertical farming





Architecture



Arcology
Building printing

Contour crafting
D-Shape


Domed city





Biomedical



Artificial uterus
Ampakine
Brain transplant
Cryonics

Cryoprotectant
Cryopreservation
Vitrification
Suspended animation


De-extinction
Genetic engineering

Gene therapy


Head transplant
Isolated brain
Life extension

Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence


Nanomedicine
Nanosensors
Personalized medicine
Regenerative medicine

Stem-cell therapy
Tissue engineering


Robot-assisted surgery
Synthetic biology

Synthetic genomics


Virotherapy

Oncolytic virus


Tricorder
Whole genome sequencing





Displays




Next generation



FED
FLCD
iMoD
Laser
LPD
OLED
OLET
QD-LED
SED
TPD
TDEL
TMOS





Screenless



Bionic contact lens
Head-mounted display
Head-up display
Optical head-mounted display
Virtual retinal display





Other



Autostereoscopy
Flexible display
Holographic display

Computer-generated holography


Multi-primary color display
Ultra HD
Volumetric display








Electronics



Electronic nose
E-textiles
Flexible electronics
Molecular electronics
Nanoelectromechanical systems
Memristor
Spintronics
Thermal copper pillar bump





Energy




Production



Airborne wind turbine
Artificial photosynthesis
Biofuels
Carbon-neutral fuel
Concentrated solar power
Fusion power
Home fuel cell
Hydrogen economy
Methanol economy
Molten salt reactor
Nantenna
Photovoltaic pavement
Space-based solar power
Vortex engine





Storage



Beltway battery
Compressed air energy storage
Flywheel energy storage
Grid energy storage
Lithium–air battery
Molten salt battery
Nanowire battery
Research in lithium-ion batteries
Silicon–air battery
Thermal energy storage
Ultracapacitor





Other



Smart grid
Wireless power









Information and
communications




Ambient intelligence

Internet of Things


Artificial intelligence

Applications of artificial intelligence
Progress in artificial intelligence
Machine translation
Machine vision
Semantic Web
Speech recognition


Atomtronics
Carbon nanotube field-effect transistor
Cybermethodology
Fourth-generation optical discs

3D optical data storage
Holographic data storage


GPGPU
Memory

CBRAM
FRAM
Millipede
MRAM
NRAM
PRAM
Racetrack memory
RRAM
SONOS


Optical computing
RFID

Chipless RFID


Software-defined radio
Three-dimensional integrated circuit





Manufacturing



3D printing
Claytronics
Molecular assembler
Utility fog





Materials science



Aerogel
Amorphous metal
Artificial muscle
Conductive polymer
Femtotechnology
Fullerene
Graphene
High-temperature superconductivity
High-temperature superfluidity
Linear acetylenic carbon
Metamaterials

Metamaterial cloaking


Metal foam
Multi-function structures
Nanotechnology

Carbon nanotubes
Molecular nanotechnology
Nanomaterials


Picotechnology
Programmable matter
Quantum dots
Silicene
Superalloy
Synthetic diamond





Military



Antimatter weapon
Caseless ammunition
Directed-energy weapon

Laser
Maser
Particle-beam weapon
Sonic weapon
Coilgun
Railgun


Plasma weapon
Pure fusion weapon
Stealth technology
Vortex ring gun





Neuroscience



Artificial brain

Blue Brain Project


Brain–computer interface
Electroencephalography
Mind uploading

Brain-reading
Neuroinformatics


Neuroprosthetics

Bionic eye
Brain implant
Exocortex
Retinal implant







Quantum



Quantum algorithms
Quantum amplifier
Quantum bus
Quantum channel
Quantum circuit
Quantum complexity theory
Quantum computing
Quantum cryptography
Quantum dynamics
Quantum electronics
Quantum error correction
Quantum imaging
Quantum information
Quantum key distribution
Quantum logic
Quantum logic gates
Quantum machine
Quantum machine learning
Quantum metamaterial
Quantum metrology
Quantum network
Quantum neural network
Quantum optics
Quantum programming
Quantum sensing
Quantum simulator
Quantum teleportation





Robotics



Domotics
Nanorobotics
Powered exoskeleton
Self-reconfiguring modular robot
Swarm robotics
Uncrewed vehicle





Space science




Launch



Fusion rocket
Non-rocket spacelaunch

Mass driver
Orbital ring
Skyhook
Space elevator
Space fountain
Space tether


Reusable launch system





Propulsion



Beam-powered propulsion
Ion thruster
Laser propulsion
Plasma propulsion engine

Helicon thruster
VASIMR


Project Orion
Nuclear pulse propulsion
Solar sail





Other



Interstellar travel
Propellant depot








Transport




Aerial



Adaptive compliant wing
Aeroscraft
Backpack helicopter
Delivery drone
Flying car
High-altitude platform
Jet pack
Pulse detonation engine
Scramjet
Spaceplane

Skylon


Supersonic transport





Land



Airless tire

Tweel


Alternative fuel vehicle

Hydrogen vehicle


Driverless car
Ground effect train
Maglev train
Personal rapid transit
Vactrain

ET3 Global Alliance
Hyperloop


Vehicular communication systems





Pipeline



Pneumatic transport

Automated vacuum collection
Foodtubes










Other



Anti-gravity
Cloak of invisibility
Digital scent technology
Force field

Plasma window


Immersive virtual reality

VirtuSphere


Magnetic refrigeration
Phased-array optics








Topics



Collingridge dilemma
Differential technological development
Ephemeralization
Exploratory engineering
Fictional technology
Proactionary principle
Technological change

Technological unemployment


Technological convergence
Technological evolution
Technological paradigm
Technology forecasting

Accelerating change
Moore's law
Technological singularity
Technology scouting


Technology readiness level
Technology roadmap
Transhumanism








 Category
 List









Authority control



GND: 4059276-5










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Technology&oldid=791903690"					
Categories: Technology systemsHidden categories: CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listPages containing links to subscription-only contentWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesUse dmy dates from July 2015Wikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismArticles containing Ancient Greek-language textPages incorrectly using the quote templateWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésঅসমীয়াAsturianuAymar aruAzərbaycancaবাংলাBasa BanyumasanБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीБългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCebuanoČeštinaCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskFurlanGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego한국어HausaՀայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoIgboIlokanoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueᐃᓄᒃᑎᑐᑦ/inuktitutIsiXhosaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡКъарачай-малкъарქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliKreyòl ayisyenKurdîКыргызчаລາວLatinaLatviešuLietuviųLimburgsLa .lojban.MagyarMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuMirandésМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपालीनेपाल भाषा日本語НохчийнNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNouormandOccitanОлык марийଓଡ଼ିଆOromooOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPapiamentuپښتوPatoisភាសាខ្មែរPicardPolskiPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaRomânăRuna SimiРусиньскыйРусскийСаха тылаScotsShqipසිංහලSimple EnglishسنڌيSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்Татарча/tatarçaతెలుగుTetunไทยТоҷикӣTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوVènetoTiếng ViệtVõroWest-VlamsWinarayXitsongaייִדישYorùbá粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 05:25.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Technology - Wikipedia




















 







Technology

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

This article is about the use and knowledge of techniques and processes for producing goods and services. For other uses, see Technology (disambiguation).




A steam turbine with the case opened. Such turbines produce most of the electricity that people use. Electricity consumption and living standards are highly correlated.[1] Electrification is believed to be the most important engineering achievement of the 20th century.


Technology ("science of craft", from Greek τέχνη, techne, "art, skill, cunning of hand"; and -λογία, -logia[2]) is the collection of techniques, skills, methods and processes used in the production of goods or services or in the accomplishment of objectives, such as scientific investigation. Technology can be the knowledge of techniques, processes, and the like, or it can be embedded in machines which can be operated without detailed knowledge of their workings.
The simplest form of technology is the development and use of basic tools. The prehistoric discovery of how to control fire and the later Neolithic Revolution increased the available sources of food and the invention of the wheel helped humans to travel in and control their environment. Developments in historic times, including the printing press, the telephone, and the Internet, have lessened physical barriers to communication and allowed humans to interact freely on a global scale. The steady progress of military technology has brought weapons of ever-increasing destructive power, from clubs to nuclear weapons.
Technology has many effects. It has helped develop more advanced economies (including today's global economy) and has allowed the rise of a leisure class. Many technological processes produce unwanted by-products known as pollution and deplete natural resources to the detriment of Earth's environment. Innovations have always influenced the values of a society and raised new questions of the ethics of technology. Examples include the rise of the notion of efficiency in terms of human productivity, and the challenges of bioethics.
Philosophical debates have arisen over the use of technology, with disagreements over whether technology improves the human condition or worsens it. Neo-Luddism, anarcho-primitivism, and similar reactionary movements criticise the pervasiveness of technology, arguing that it harms the environment and alienates people; proponents of ideologies such as transhumanism and techno-progressivism view continued technological progress as beneficial to society and the human condition.



Contents


1 Definition and usage
2 Science, engineering and technology
3 History

3.1 Paleolithic (2.5 Ma – 10 ka)

3.1.1 Stone tools
3.1.2 Fire
3.1.3 Clothing and shelter


3.2 Neolithic through classical antiquity (10 ka – 300 CE)

3.2.1 Metal tools
3.2.2 Energy and transport


3.3 Medieval and modern history (300 CE – present)


4 Philosophy

4.1 Technicism
4.2 Optimism
4.3 Skepticism and critics
4.4 Appropriate technology
4.5 Optimism and skepticism in the 21st century
4.6 Complex technological systems


5 Competitiveness
6 Other animal species
7 Future technology
8 See also
9 References
10 Further reading



Definition and usage




The spread of paper and printing to the West, as in this printing press, helped scientists and politicians communicate their ideas easily, leading to the Age of Enlightenment; an example of technology as cultural force.


The use of the term "technology" has changed significantly over the last 200 years. Before the 20th century, the term was uncommon in English, and usually referred to the description or study of the useful arts.[3] The term was often connected to technical education, as in the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (chartered in 1861).[4]
The term "technology" rose to prominence in the 20th century in connection with the Second Industrial Revolution. The term's meanings changed in the early 20th century when American social scientists, beginning with Thorstein Veblen, translated ideas from the German concept of Technik into "technology." In German and other European languages, a distinction exists between technik and technologie that is absent in English, which usually translates both terms as "technology." By the 1930s, "technology" referred not only to the study of the industrial arts but to the industrial arts themselves.[5]
In 1937, the American sociologist Read Bain wrote that "technology includes all tools, machines, utensils, weapons, instruments, housing, clothing, communicating and transporting devices and the skills by which we produce and use them."[6] Bain's definition remains common among scholars today, especially social scientists. Scientists and engineers usually prefer to define technology as applied science, rather than as the things that people make and use.[7] More recently, scholars have borrowed from European philosophers of "technique" to extend the meaning of technology to various forms of instrumental reason, as in Foucault's work on technologies of the self (techniques de soi).
Dictionaries and scholars have offered a variety of definitions. The Merriam-Webster Learner's Dictionary offers a definition of the term: "the use of science in industry, engineering, etc., to invent useful things or to solve problems" and "a machine, piece of equipment, method, etc., that is created by technology."[8] Ursula Franklin, in her 1989 "Real World of Technology" lecture, gave another definition of the concept; it is "practice, the way we do things around here."[9] The term is often used to imply a specific field of technology, or to refer to high technology or just consumer electronics, rather than technology as a whole.[10] Bernard Stiegler, in Technics and Time, 1, defines technology in two ways: as "the pursuit of life by means other than life," and as "organized inorganic matter."[11]
Technology can be most broadly defined as the entities, both material and immaterial, created by the application of mental and physical effort in order to achieve some value. In this usage, technology refers to tools and machines that may be used to solve real-world problems. It is a far-reaching term that may include simple tools, such as a crowbar or wooden spoon, or more complex machines, such as a space station or particle accelerator. Tools and machines need not be material; virtual technology, such as computer software and business methods, fall under this definition of technology.[12] W. Brian Arthur defines technology in a similarly broad way as "a means to fulfill a human purpose."[13]
The word "technology" can also be used to refer to a collection of techniques. In this context, it is the current state of humanity's knowledge of how to combine resources to produce desired products, to solve problems, fulfill needs, or satisfy wants; it includes technical methods, skills, processes, techniques, tools and raw materials. When combined with another term, such as "medical technology" or "space technology," it refers to the state of the respective field's knowledge and tools. "State-of-the-art technology" refers to the high technology available to humanity in any field.




The invention of integrated circuits and the microprocessor (here, an Intel 4004 chip from 1971) led to the modern computer revolution.


Technology can be viewed as an activity that forms or changes culture.[14] Additionally, technology is the application of math, science, and the arts for the benefit of life as it is known. A modern example is the rise of communication technology, which has lessened barriers to human interaction and as a result has helped spawn new subcultures; the rise of cyberculture has at its basis the development of the Internet and the computer.[15] Not all technology enhances culture in a creative way; technology can also help facilitate political oppression and war via tools such as guns. As a cultural activity, technology predates both science and engineering, each of which formalize some aspects of technological endeavor.

Science, engineering and technology




Antoine Lavoisier conducting an experiment with combustion generated by amplified sun light


The distinction between science, engineering, and technology is not always clear. Science is systematic knowledge of the physical or material world gained through observation and experimentation.[16] Technologies are not usually exclusively products of science, because they have to satisfy requirements such as utility, usability, and safety.
Engineering is the goal-oriented process of designing and making tools and systems to exploit natural phenomena for practical human means, often (but not always) using results and techniques from science. The development of technology may draw upon many fields of knowledge, including scientific, engineering, mathematical, linguistic, and historical knowledge, to achieve some practical result.
Technology is often a consequence of science and engineering, although technology as a human activity precedes the two fields. For example, science might study the flow of electrons in electrical conductors by using already-existing tools and knowledge. This new-found knowledge may then be used by engineers to create new tools and machines such as semiconductors, computers, and other forms of advanced technology. In this sense, scientists and engineers may both be considered technologists; the three fields are often considered as one for the purposes of research and reference.[17]
The exact relations between science and technology in particular have been debated by scientists, historians, and policymakers in the late 20th century, in part because the debate can inform the funding of basic and applied science. In the immediate wake of World War II, for example, it was widely considered in the United States that technology was simply "applied science" and that to fund basic science was to reap technological results in due time. An articulation of this philosophy could be found explicitly in Vannevar Bush's treatise on postwar science policy, Science – The Endless Frontier: "New products, new industries, and more jobs require continuous additions to knowledge of the laws of nature ... This essential new knowledge can be obtained only through basic scientific research."[18] In the late-1960s, however, this view came under direct attack, leading towards initiatives to fund science for specific tasks (initiatives resisted by the scientific community). The issue remains contentious, though most analysts resist the model that technology simply is a result of scientific research.[19][20]
History
Main articles: History of technology, Timeline of historic inventions, and Timeline of electrical and electronic engineering
Paleolithic (2.5 Ma – 10 ka)




A primitive chopper


Further information: Outline of prehistoric technology
The use of tools by early humans was partly a process of discovery and of evolution. Early humans evolved from a species of foraging hominids which were already bipedal,[21] with a brain mass approximately one third of modern humans.[22] Tool use remained relatively unchanged for most of early human history. Approximately 50,000 years ago, the use of tools and complex set of behaviors emerged, believed by many archaeologists to be connected to the emergence of fully modern language.[23]
Stone tools




Hand axes from the Acheulian period






A Clovis point, made via pressure flaking


Hominids started using primitive stone tools millions of years ago. The earliest stone tools were little more than a fractured rock, but approximately 75,000 years ago,[24] pressure flaking provided a way to make much finer work.
Fire
Main article: Control of fire by early humans
The discovery and utilization of fire, a simple energy source with many profound uses, was a turning point in the technological evolution of humankind.[25] The exact date of its discovery is not known; evidence of burnt animal bones at the Cradle of Humankind suggests that the domestication of fire occurred before 1 Ma;[26] scholarly consensus indicates that Homo erectus had controlled fire by between 500 and 400 ka.[27][28] Fire, fueled with wood and charcoal, allowed early humans to cook their food to increase its digestibility, improving its nutrient value and broadening the number of foods that could be eaten.[29]
Clothing and shelter
Other technological advances made during the Paleolithic era were clothing and shelter; the adoption of both technologies cannot be dated exactly, but they were a key to humanity's progress. As the Paleolithic era progressed, dwellings became more sophisticated and more elaborate; as early as 380 ka, humans were constructing temporary wood huts.[30][31] Clothing, adapted from the fur and hides of hunted animals, helped humanity expand into colder regions; humans began to migrate out of Africa by 200 ka and into other continents such as Eurasia.[32]
Neolithic through classical antiquity (10 ka – 300 CE)




An array of Neolithic artifacts, including bracelets, axe heads, chisels, and polishing tools


Human's technological ascent began in earnest in what is known as the Neolithic Period ("New Stone Age"). The invention of polished stone axes was a major advance that allowed forest clearance on a large scale to create farms. This use of polished stone axes increased greatly in the Neolithic, but were originally used in the preceding Mesolithic in some areas such as Ireland.[33] Agriculture fed larger populations, and the transition to sedentism allowed simultaneously raising more children, as infants no longer needed to be carried, as nomadic ones must. Additionally, children could contribute labor to the raising of crops more readily than they could to the hunter-gatherer economy.[34][35]
With this increase in population and availability of labor came an increase in labor specialization.[36] What triggered the progression from early Neolithic villages to the first cities, such as Uruk, and the first civilizations, such as Sumer, is not specifically known; however, the emergence of increasingly hierarchical social structures and specialized labor, of trade and war amongst adjacent cultures, and the need for collective action to overcome environmental challenges such as irrigation, are all thought to have played a role.[37]
Metal tools
Continuing improvements led to the furnace and bellows and provided the ability to smelt and forge native metals (naturally occurring in relatively pure form).[38] Gold, copper, silver, and lead, were such early metals. The advantages of copper tools over stone, bone, and wooden tools were quickly apparent to early humans, and native copper was probably used from near the beginning of Neolithic times (about 10 ka).[39] Native copper does not naturally occur in large amounts, but copper ores are quite common and some of them produce metal easily when burned in wood or charcoal fires. Eventually, the working of metals led to the discovery of alloys such as bronze and brass (about 4000 BCE). The first uses of iron alloys such as steel dates to around 1800 BCE.[40][41]
Energy and transport




The wheel was invented circa 4000 BCE.


Main article: History of transport
Meanwhile, humans were learning to harness other forms of energy. The earliest known use of wind power is the sailboat; the earliest record of a ship under sail is that of a Nile boat that dates back to the 8th millennium BCE.[42] From prehistoric times, Egyptians probably used the power of the annual flooding of the Nile to irrigate their lands, gradually learning to regulate much of it through purposely built irrigation channels and "catch" basins. Similarly, the early peoples of Mesopotamia, the Sumerians, learned to use the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers for much the same purposes. However, more extensive use of wind and water (and even human) power required another invention.
According to archaeologists, the wheel was invented around 4000 BCE probably independently and nearly simultaneously in Mesopotamia (in present-day Iraq), the Northern Caucasus (Maykop culture) and Central Europe.[43] Estimates on when this may have occurred range from 5500 to 3000 BCE with most experts putting it closer to 4000 BCE.[44] The oldest artifacts with drawings that depict wheeled carts date from about 3500 BCE;[45] however, the wheel may have been in use for millennia before these drawings were made. There is also evidence from the same period for the use of the potter's wheel. More recently, the oldest-known wooden wheel in the world was found in the Ljubljana marshes of Slovenia.[46]
The invention of the wheel revolutionized trade and war. It did not take long to discover that wheeled wagons could be used to carry heavy loads. Fast (rotary) potters' wheels enabled early mass production of pottery, but it was the use of the wheel as a transformer of energy (through water wheels, windmills, and even treadmills) that revolutionized the application of nonhuman power sources.
Medieval and modern history (300 CE – present)
Main articles: Medieval technology, Renaissance technology, Industrial Revolution, Second Industrial Revolution, Information Technology, and Productivity improving technologies (economic history)
Innovations continued through the Middle Ages with innovations such as silk, the horse collar and horseshoes in the first few hundred years after the fall of the Roman Empire. Medieval technology saw the use of simple machines (such as the lever, the screw, and the pulley) being combined to form more complicated tools, such as the wheelbarrow, windmills and clocks. The Renaissance brought forth many of these innovations, including the printing press (which facilitated the greater communication of knowledge), and technology became increasingly associated with science, beginning a cycle of mutual advancement. The advancements in technology in this era allowed a more steady supply of food, followed by the wider availability of consumer goods.




The automobile revolutionized personal transportation.


Starting in the United Kingdom in the 18th century, the Industrial Revolution was a period of great technological discovery, particularly in the areas of agriculture, manufacturing, mining, metallurgy, and transport, driven by the discovery of steam power. Technology took another step in a second industrial revolution with the harnessing of electricity to create such innovations as the electric motor, light bulb, and countless others. Scientific advancement and the discovery of new concepts later allowed for powered flight and advancements in medicine, chemistry, physics, and engineering. The rise in technology has led to skyscrapers and broad urban areas whose inhabitants rely on motors to transport them and their food supply. Communication was also greatly improved with the invention of the telegraph, telephone, radio and television. The late 19th and early 20th centuries saw a revolution in transportation with the invention of the airplane and automobile.




F-15 and F-16 flying over Kuwaiti oil fires during the Gulf War in 1991.


The 20th century brought a host of innovations. In physics, the discovery of nuclear fission has led to both nuclear weapons and nuclear power. Computers were also invented and later miniaturized utilizing transistors and integrated circuits. Information technology subsequently led to the creation of the Internet, which ushered in the current Information Age. Humans have also been able to explore space with satellites (later used for telecommunication) and in manned missions going all the way to the moon. In medicine, this era brought innovations such as open-heart surgery and later stem cell therapy along with new medications and treatments.
Complex manufacturing and construction techniques and organizations are needed to make and maintain these new technologies, and entire industries have arisen to support and develop succeeding generations of increasingly more complex tools. Modern technology increasingly relies on training and education – their designers, builders, maintainers, and users often require sophisticated general and specific training. Moreover, these technologies have become so complex that entire fields have been created to support them, including engineering, medicine, and computer science, and other fields have been made more complex, such as construction, transportation and architecture.
Philosophy
Technicism
Generally, technicism is the belief in the utility of technology for improving human societies.[47] Taken to an extreme, technicism "reflects a fundamental attitude which seeks to control reality, to resolve all problems with the use of scientific-technological methods and tools."[48] In other words, human beings will someday be able to master all problems and possibly even control the future using technology. Some, such as Stephen V. Monsma,[49] connect these ideas to the abdication of religion as a higher moral authority.
Optimism
See also: Extropianism
Optimistic assumptions are made by proponents of ideologies such as transhumanism and singularitarianism, which view technological development as generally having beneficial effects for the society and the human condition. In these ideologies, technological development is morally good.
Transhumanists generally believe that the point of technology is to overcome barriers, and that what we commonly refer to as the human condition is just another barrier to be surpassed.
Singularitarians believe in some sort of "accelerating change"; that the rate of technological progress accelerates as we obtain more technology, and that this will culminate in a "Singularity" after artificial general intelligence is invented in which progress is nearly infinite; hence the term. Estimates for the date of this Singularity vary,[50] but prominent futurist Ray Kurzweil estimates the Singularity will occur in 2045.
Kurzweil is also known for his history of the universe in six epochs: (1) the physical/chemical epoch, (2) the life epoch, (3) the human/brain epoch, (4) the technology epoch, (5) the artificial intelligence epoch, and (6) the universal colonization epoch. Going from one epoch to the next is a Singularity in its own right, and a period of speeding up precedes it. Each epoch takes a shorter time, which means the whole history of the universe is one giant Singularity event.[51]
Some critics see these ideologies as examples of scientism and techno-utopianism and fear the notion of human enhancement and technological singularity which they support. Some have described Karl Marx as a techno-optimist.[52]
Skepticism and critics
See also: Luddite, Neo-Luddism, Anarcho-primitivism, and Bioconservatism




Luddites smashing a power loom in 1812


On the somewhat skeptical side are certain philosophers like Herbert Marcuse and John Zerzan, who believe that technological societies are inherently flawed. They suggest that the inevitable result of such a society is to become evermore technological at the cost of freedom and psychological health.
Many, such as the Luddites and prominent philosopher Martin Heidegger, hold serious, although not entirely, deterministic reservations about technology (see "The Question Concerning Technology"[53]). According to Heidegger scholars Hubert Dreyfus and Charles Spinosa, "Heidegger does not oppose technology. He hopes to reveal the essence of technology in a way that 'in no way confines us to a stultified compulsion to push on blindly with technology or, what comes to the same thing, to rebel helplessly against it.' Indeed, he promises that 'when we once open ourselves expressly to the essence of technology, we find ourselves unexpectedly taken into a freeing claim.'[54] What this entails is a more complex relationship to technology than either techno-optimists or techno-pessimists tend to allow."[55]
Some of the most poignant criticisms of technology are found in what are now considered to be dystopian literary classics such as Aldous Huxley's Brave New World, Anthony Burgess's A Clockwork Orange, and George Orwell's Nineteen Eighty-Four. In Goethe's Faust, Faust selling his soul to the devil in return for power over the physical world is also often interpreted as a metaphor for the adoption of industrial technology. More recently, modern works of science fiction such as those by Philip K. Dick and William Gibson and films such as Blade Runner and Ghost in the Shell project highly ambivalent or cautionary attitudes toward technology's impact on human society and identity.
The late cultural critic Neil Postman distinguished tool-using societies from technological societies and from what he called "technopolies," societies that are dominated by the ideology of technological and scientific progress to the exclusion or harm of other cultural practices, values and world-views.[56]
Darin Barney has written about technology's impact on practices of citizenship and democratic culture, suggesting that technology can be construed as (1) an object of political debate, (2) a means or medium of discussion, and (3) a setting for democratic deliberation and citizenship. As a setting for democratic culture, Barney suggests that technology tends to make ethical questions, including the question of what a good life consists in, nearly impossible, because they already give an answer to the question: a good life is one that includes the use of more and more technology.[57]
Nikolas Kompridis has also written about the dangers of new technology, such as genetic engineering, nanotechnology, synthetic biology, and robotics. He warns that these technologies introduce unprecedented new challenges to human beings, including the possibility of the permanent alteration of our biological nature. These concerns are shared by other philosophers, scientists and public intellectuals who have written about similar issues (e.g. Francis Fukuyama, Jürgen Habermas, William Joy, and Michael Sandel).[58]
Another prominent critic of technology is Hubert Dreyfus, who has published books such as On the Internet and What Computers Still Can't Do.
A more infamous anti-technological treatise is Industrial Society and Its Future, written by the Unabomber Ted Kaczynski and printed in several major newspapers (and later books) as part of an effort to end his bombing campaign of the techno-industrial infrastructure.
Appropriate technology
See also: Technocriticism and Technorealism
The notion of appropriate technology was developed in the 20th century by thinkers such as E. F. Schumacher and Jacques Ellul to describe situations where it was not desirable to use very new technologies or those that required access to some centralized infrastructure or parts or skills imported from elsewhere. The ecovillage movement emerged in part due to this concern.
Optimism and skepticism in the 21st century
This section mainly focuses on American concerns even if it can reasonably be generalized to other Western countries.

The inadequate quantity and quality of American jobs is one of the most fundamental economic challenges we face. [...] What's the linkage between technology and this fundamental problem?
— Bernstein, Jared, "It’s Not a Skills Gap That’s Holding Wages Down: It’s the Weak Economy, Among Other Things," in The American Prospect, October 2014

In his article, Jared Bernstein, a Senior Fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities,[59] questions the widespread idea that automation, and more broadly, technological advances, have mainly contributed to this growing labor market problem. His thesis appears to be a third way between optimism and skepticism. Essentially, he stands for a neutral approach of the linkage between technology and American issues concerning unemployment and declining wages.
He uses two main arguments to defend his point. First, because of recent technological advances, an increasing number of workers are losing their jobs. Yet, scientific evidence fails to clearly demonstrate that technology has displaced so many workers that it has created more problems than it has solved. Indeed, automation threatens repetitive jobs but higher-end jobs are still necessary because they complement technology and manual jobs that "requires flexibility judgment and common sense"[60] remain hard to replace with machines. Second, studies have not shown clear links between recent technology advances and the wage trends of the last decades.
Therefore, according to Bernstein, instead of focusing on technology and its hypothetical influences on current American increasing unemployment and declining wages, one needs to worry more about "bad policy that fails to offset the imbalances in demand, trade, income and opportunity."[60]
Complex technological systems
Thomas P. Hughes stated that because technology has been considered as a key way to solve problems, we need to be aware of its complex and varied characters to use it more efficiently.[61] What is the difference between a wheel or a compass and cooking machines such as an oven or a gas stove? Can we consider all of them, only a part of them, or none of them as technologies?
Technology is often considered too narrowly; according to Hughes, "Technology is a creative process involving human ingenuity.[62] This definition's emphasis on creativity avoids unbounded definitions that may mistakenly include cooking “technologies," but it also highlights the prominent role of humans and therefore their responsibilities for the use of complex technological systems.
Yet, because technology is everywhere and has dramatically changed landscapes and societies, Hughes argues that engineers, scientists, and managers have often believed that they can use technology to shape the world as they want. They have often supposed that technology is easily controllable and this assumption has to be thoroughly questioned.[61] For instance, Evgeny Morozov particularly challenges two concepts: “Internet-centrism” and “solutionism."[63] Internet-centrism refers to the idea that our society is convinced that the Internet is one of the most stable and coherent forces. Solutionism is the ideology that every social issue can be solved thanks to technology and especially thanks to the internet. In fact, technology intrinsically contains uncertainties and limitations. According to Alexis Madrigal's review of Morozov's theory, to ignore it will lead to “unexpected consequences that could eventually cause more damage than the problems they seek to address."[64] Benjamin R. Cohen and Gwen Ottinger also discussed the multivalent effects of technology.[65]
Therefore, recognition of the limitations of technology, and more broadly, scientific knowledge, is needed – especially in cases dealing with environmental justice and health issues. Ottinger continues this reasoning and argues that the ongoing recognition of the limitations of scientific knowledge goes hand in hand with scientists and engineers’ new comprehension of their role. Such an approach of technology and science "[require] technical professionals to conceive of their roles in the process differently. [They have to consider themselves as] collaborators in research and problem solving rather than simply providers of information and technical solutions."[66]
Competitiveness
Technology is properly defined as any application of science to accomplish a function. The science can be leading edge or well established and the function can have high visibility or be significantly more mundane, but it is all technology, and its exploitation is the foundation of all competitive advantage.
Technology-based planning is what was used to build the US industrial giants before WWII (e.g., Dow, DuPont, GM) and it is what was used to transform the US into a superpower. It was not economic-based planning.
Other animal species
See also: Tool use by animals, Structures built by animals, and Ecosystem engineer




This adult gorilla uses a branch as a walking stick to gauge the water's depth, an example of technology usage by non-human primates.


The use of basic technology is also a feature of other animal species apart from humans. These include primates such as chimpanzees,[67] some dolphin communities,[68] and crows.[69][70] Considering a more generic perspective of technology as ethology of active environmental conditioning and control, we can also refer to animal examples such as beavers and their dams, or bees and their honeycombs.
The ability to make and use tools was once considered a defining characteristic of the genus Homo.[71] However, the discovery of tool construction among chimpanzees and related primates has discarded the notion of the use of technology as unique to humans. For example, researchers have observed wild chimpanzees utilising tools for foraging: some of the tools used include leaf sponges, termite fishing probes, pestles and levers.[72] West African chimpanzees also use stone hammers and anvils for cracking nuts,[73] as do capuchin monkeys of Boa Vista, Brazil.[74]
Future technology
Main article: Emerging technologies
Theories of technology often attempt to predict the future of technology based on the high technology and science of the time. As with all predictions of the future, however, technology's is uncertain.
Futurist Ray Kurzweil predicts that the future of technology will be mainly consist of an overlapping "GNR Revolution" of Genetics, Nanotechnology, and Robotics, with robotics being the most important of the three.[75]
See also
Main article: Outline of technology





Book: Technology






Technology portal




Architectural technology
Critique of technology
Greatest Engineering Achievements of the 20th Century
History of science and technology
Knowledge economy
Law of the instrument – Golden hammer
Lewis Mumford
List of years in science
Niche construction
Science and technology in Argentina
Technological convergence
Technology and society
Technology assessment
Technology tree
-logy
Superpower § Possible factors


Theories and concepts in technology


Appropriate technology
Diffusion of innovations
Human enhancement
Instrumental conception of technology
Jacques Ellul
Paradigm
Philosophy of technology
Posthumanism
Precautionary principle
Singularitarianism
Strategy of Technology
Techno-progressivism
Technocentrism
Technocracy
Technocriticism
Technological determinism
Technological evolution
Technological nationalism
Technological revival
Technological singularity
Technology management
Technology readiness level
Technorealism
Transhumanism


Economics of technology


Energy accounting
Nanosocialism
Post-scarcity economy
Productivity improving technologies (economic history)
Technocracy
Technocapitalism
Technological diffusion
Technology acceptance model
Technology lifecycle
Technology transfer


Technology journalism


Engadget
TechCrunch
The Verge (website)
Wired (magazine)


Other


STEM fields


References


^ National Research Council; Division on Engineering and Physical Sciences; Energy Engineering Board; Commission on Engineering and Technical Systems; Committee on Electricity in Economic Growth (1986). Electricity in Economic Growth. Washington, DC: National Academies Press. pp. 16, 40. ISBN 0-309-03677-1. CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list (link)
^ Liddell, Henry George; Scott, Robert (1980). A Greek-English Lexicon (Abridged Edition). United Kingdom: Oxford University Press. ISBN 0-19-910207-4. 
^ Crabb, George (1823). Universal Technological Dictionary, or Familiar Explanation of the Terms Used in All Arts and Sciences. London: Baldwin, Cradock, and Joy. p. 524 – via Internet Archive. 
^ Mannix, Loretta H.; Stratton, Julius Adams (2005). Mind and Hand: The Birth of MIT. Cambridge: MIT Press. pp. 190–92. ISBN 0262195240. 
^ "Technik Comes to America: Changing Meanings of Technology Before 1930". Technology and Culture. 47. 
^ "Technology and State Government". American Sociological Review. 2. 
^ MacKenzie, Donald A.; Wajcman, Judy (1999). "Introductory Essay". The Social Shaping of Technology (2nd ed.). Buckingham: Open University Press. ISBN 0-335-19913-5. 
^ "Technology | Definition of Technology by Merriam-Webster". Merriam-Webster. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Franklin, Ursula (1999). The Real World of Technology (revised ed.). Scarborough: House of Anansi. ISBN 9780887848919. 
^ See, for example, "Technology". BBC News. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Stiegler, Bernard (1998). Technics and Time, 1: The Fault of Epimetheus. Stanford University Press. pp. 17, 82. ISBN 0-8047-3041-5.  Stiegler has more recently stated that biotechnology can no longer be defined as "organized inorganic matter," given that it is, rather, "the reorganization of the organic." Stiegler, Bernard (2008). L'avenir du passé: Modernité de l'archéologie. La Découverte. p. 23. ISBN 2-7071-5495-4. 
^ "Industry, Technology and the Global Marketplace: International Patenting Trends in Two New Technology Areas". Science and Engineering Indicators 2002. National Science Foundation. Archived from the original on 18 August 2005. Retrieved 7 May 2007. 
^ Arthur, W. Brian (2009). The Nature of Technology. New York: Free Press. p. 28. ISBN 978-1-4165-4405-0. 
^ Borgmann, Albert (2006). "Technology as a Cultural Force: For Alena and Griffin" (fee required). The Canadian Journal of Sociology. 31 (3): 351–60. doi:10.1353/cjs.2006.0050. Retrieved 16 February 2007. 
^ Macek, Jakub. "Defining Cyberculture". Retrieved 25 May 2007. 
^ "Science". Dictionary.com. 2016. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ "Intute: Science, Engineering and Technology". Intute. Archived from the original on 17 February 2007. Retrieved 17 February 2007. 
^ Bush, Vannevar (July 1945). "Science the Endless Frontier". National Science Foundation. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Wise, George (1985). "Science and Technology". Osiris (2nd Series). 1: 229–46. doi:10.1086/368647. 
^ Guston, David H. (2000). Between Politics and Science: Assuring the Integrity and Productivity of Research. New York: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 0-521-65318-5. 
^ "Mother of man – 3.2 million years ago". BBC. Retrieved 17 May 2008. 
^ "Human Evolution". History Channel. Archived from the original on 23 April 2008. Retrieved 17 May 2008. 
^ Wade, Nicholas (July 15, 2003). "Early Voices: The Leap to Language". The New York Times. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Bower, Bruce (October 29, 2010). "Stone Agers Sharpened Skills 55,000 Years Earlier Than Thought". WIRED. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Crump, Thomas (2001). A Brief History of Science. Constable & Robinson. p. 9. ISBN 1-84119-235-X. 
^ "Fossil Hominid Sites of Sterkfontein, Swartkrans, Kromdraai, and Environs". UNESCO. Retrieved 10 March 2007. 
^ "Stone Age Man". History World. Retrieved 13 February 2007. 
^ James, Steven R. (February 1989). "Hominid Use of Fire in the Lower and Middle Pleistocene". Current Anthropology. 30 (1): 1–26. JSTOR 2743299. doi:10.1086/203705. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ Stahl, Ann B. (1984). "Hominid dietary selection before fire". Current Anthropology. 25 (2): 151–68. JSTOR 2742818. doi:10.1086/203106. (Subscription required (help)). 
^ O'Neil, Dennis. "Evolution of Modern Humans: Archaic Homo sapiens Culture". Palomar College. Retrieved 31 March 2007. 
^ Villa, Paola (1983). Terra Amata and the Middle Pleistocene archaeological record of southern France. Berkeley: University of California Press. p. 303. ISBN 0-520-09662-2. 
^ Cordaux, Richard; Stoneking, Mark (2003). "South Asia, the Andamanese, and the Genetic Evidence for an 'Early' Human Dispersal out of Africa" (PDF). American Journal of Human Genetics. 72 (6): 1586–90; author reply 1590–93. PMC 1180321 . PMID 12817589. doi:10.1086/375407. 
^ Driscoll, Killian (2006). The early prehistory in the west of Ireland: Investigations into the social archaeology of the Mesolithic, west of the Shannon, Ireland. 
^ University of Chicago Press Journals (January 4, 2006). "The First Baby Boom: Skeletal Evidence Shows Abrupt Worldwide Increase In Birth Rate During Neolithic Period". ScienceDaily. Retrieved November 7, 2016. 
^ Sussman, Robert W.; Hall, Roberta L. (April 1972). "Child Transport, Family Size, and Increase in Human Population During the Neolithic". Current Anthropology. University of Chicago Press. 13 (2): 258–67. JSTOR 2740977. doi:10.1086/201274. 
^ Ferraro, Gary P. (2006). Cultural Anthropology: An Applied Perspective. The Thomson Corporation. ISBN 0-495-03039-2. Retrieved 17 May 2008. 
^ Patterson, Gordon M. (1992). The ESSENTIALS of Ancient History. Research & Education Association. ISBN 978-0-87891-704-4. Retrieved 17 May 2008. 
^ Cramb, Alan W. "A Short History of Metals". Carnegie Mellon University. Archived from the original on 8 January 2007. Retrieved 8 January 2007. 
^ Chisholm, Hugh (1910). The Encyclopædia Britannica: A dictionary of arts, sciences, literature and general information. Encyclopædia Britannica. p. 708. Retrieved 17 May 2008. 
^ "The significance of the composition of excavated iron fragments taken from Stratum III at the site of Kaman-Kalehöyük, Turkey". Anatolian Archeological Studies. 14. 
^ "Ironware piece unearthed from Turkey found to be oldest steel". The Hindu. March 26, 2009. Archived from the original on 29 March 2009. Retrieved November 8, 2016. 
^ "The oldest representation of a Nile boat". Antiquity. 81. 
^ Potts, D. T. (2012). A Companion to the Archaeology of the Ancient Near East. p. 285. 
^ Childe, V. Gordon (1928). New Light on the Most Ancient East. p. 110. 
^ Anthony, David A. (2007). The Horse, the Wheel, and Language: How Bronze-Age Riders from the Eurasian Steppes Shaped the Modern World. Princeton: Princeton University Press. p. 67. ISBN 0-691-05887-3. 
^ Gasser, Aleksander (March 2003). "World's Oldest Wheel Found in Slovenia". Republic of Slovenia Government Communication Office. Retrieved November 8, 2016. 
^ Breslin, Gerry, ed. (2011). "technicism". Collins English Dictionary. HarperCollins. ISBN 9780007437863. 
^ "Philosophical and Ethical Problems of Technicism and Genetic Engineering". Society for Philosophy and Technology. 3. 
^ Monsma, Stephen V. (1986). Responsible Technology. Grand Rapids: W.B. Eerdmans Pub. Co. ISBN 0-8028-0175-7. 
^ Muehlhauser, Luke (November 10, 2015). "Intelligence Explosion FAQ". Machine Intelligence Research Institute. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ Kurzweil, Ray (2005). "The Six Epochs". The Singularity is Near: When Humans Transcend Biology. Penguin. ISBN 9781101218884. 
^ Hughes, James. "Democratic Transhumanism 2.0". Changesurfer. Retrieved November 10, 2016. 
^ Lovitt, William (1977). "The Question Concerning Technology". The Question Concerning Technology and Other Essays. Harper Torchbooks. pp. 3–35. ISBN 0-613-91314-0. Retrieved 21 November 2007. 
^ Heidegger, Martin (1977). "The Question Concerning Technology". The Question Concerning Technology and Other Essays. Translated by Lovitt, W. New York: HarperCollins. pp. 25–26. 
^ Dreyfus, Hubert; Spinosa, Charles (2006). "Further Reflections on Heidegger, Technology, and the Everyday". In Kompridis, Nikolas. Philosophical Romanticism. New York: Routledge. pp. 265–81. 
^ Postman, Neil (1993). Technopoly: The Surrender of Culture to Technology. New York: Vintage. 
^ Barney, Darin (2007). One Nation Under Google. Toronto: House of Anansi Press. 
^ "Technology's Challenge to Democracy". Parrhesia. 8. 
^ "Jared Bernstein". Center for Budget and Policy Priorities. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ a b "It’s Not a Skills Gap That’s Holding Wages Down: It's the Weak Economy, Among Other Things". The American Prospect. 25. 
^ a b Hughes, Thomas P. (2004). Human-Built World: How to Think About Technology and Culture. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. pp. 1–11. ISBN 9780226359335. 
^ Hughes, Thomas P. (2004) “Introduction: Complex Technology” (1–11) in "Human-Built World: How to Think About Technology and Culture"
^ Morozov, Evgeny (2013). To Save Everything, Click Here: The Folly of Technological Solutionism. New York: PublicAffairs. ISBN 9781610391399. 
^ Madrigal, Alexis C. (March 13, 2013). "Toward a Complex, Realistic, and Moral Tech Criticism". The Atlantic. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ Cohen, Benjamin; Ottinger, Gwen (2011). "Introduction: Environmental Justice and the Transformation of Science and Engineering". In Ottinger, Gwen; Cohen, Benjamin. Technoscience and Environmental Justice: Expert Cultures in a Grassroots Movement. MIT Press. pp. 1–18. ISBN 9780262015790. 
^ Ottinger, Gwen (2011). "Rupturing Engineering Education: Opportunities for Transforming Expert Identities Through Community-Based Projects". In Ottinger, Gwen; Cohen, Benjamin. Technoscience and Environmental Justice: Expert Cultures in a Grassroots Movement. MIT Press. pp. 229–48. ISBN 9780262015790. 
^ Sagan, Carl; Druyan, Ann; Leakey, Richard. "Chimpanzee Tool Use". Archived from the original on 21 September 2006. Retrieved 13 February 2007. 
^ Rincon, Paul (June 7, 2005). "Sponging dolphins learn from mum". BBC News. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ Schmid, Randolph E. (October 4, 2007). "Crows use tools to find food". NBC News. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ Rutz, C.; Bluff, L.A.; Weir, A.A.S.; Kacelnik, A. (4 October 2007). "Video cameras on wild birds". Science. 318 (5851): 765. Bibcode:2007Sci...318..765R. doi:10.1126/science.1146788. 
^ Oakley, K. P. (1976). Man the Tool-Maker. University of Chicago Press. ISBN 9780226612706. 
^ McGrew, W. C (1992). Chimpanzee Material Culture. Cambridge u.a.: Cambridge Univ. Press. ISBN 978-0-521-42371-7. 
^ Boesch, Christophe; Boesch, Hedwige (1984). "Mental map in wild chimpanzees: An analysis of hammer transports for nut cracking". Primates. 25 (2): 160–70. doi:10.1007/BF02382388. 
^ Brahic, Catherine (January 15, 2009). "Nut-cracking monkeys find the right tool for the job". New Scientist. Retrieved November 11, 2016. 
^ Kurzweil, Ray (2005). "GNR: Three Overlapping Revolutions". The Singularity is Near. Penguin. ISBN 9781101218884. 


Further reading

Find more aboutTechnologyat Wikipedia's sister projects

Definitions from Wiktionary
Media from Commons
News from Wikinews
Quotations from Wikiquote
Texts from Wikisource
Textbooks from Wikibooks
Learning resources from Wikiversity



Ambrose, Stanley H. (2 March 2001). "Paleolithic Technology and Human Evolution" (PDF). Science. Science. 291 (5509): 1748–53. Bibcode:2001Sci...291.1748A. PMID 11249821. doi:10.1126/science.1059487. Retrieved 10 March 2007. 
Huesemann, M.H., and J.A. Huesemann (2011). Technofix: Why Technology Won’t Save Us or the Environment, New Society Publishers, ISBN 0865717044.
Kremer, Michael (1993). "Population Growth and Technological Change: One Million B.C. to 1990". Quarterly Journal of Economics. The MIT Press. 108 (3): 681–716. JSTOR 2118405. doi:10.2307/2118405. .
Kevin Kelly. What Technology Wants. New York, Viking Press, 14 October 2010, hardcover, 416 pages. ISBN 978-0-670-02215-1
Mumford, Lewis. (2010). Technics and Civilization. University of Chicago Press, ISBN 0226550273.
Rhodes, Richard. (2000). Visions of Technology: A Century of Vital Debate about Machines, Systems, and the Human World. Simon & Schuster, ISBN 0684863111.
Teich, A.H. (2008). Technology and the Future. Wadsworth Publishing, 11th edition, ISBN 0495570524.
Wright, R.T. (2008). Technology. Goodheart-Wilcox Company, 5th edition, ISBN 1590707184.







v
t
e


Technology






Outline of technology
Outline of applied science





Fields




Agriculture



Agricultural engineering
Aquaculture
Fisheries science
Food chemistry
Food engineering
Food microbiology
Food technology
GURT
ICT
Nutrition





Biomedical



Bioinformatics
Biological engineering
Biomechatronics
Biomedical engineering
Biotechnology
Cheminformatics
Genetic engineering
Healthcare science
Medical research
Medical technology
Nanomedicine
Neuroscience
Neurotechnology
Pharmacology
Reproductive technology
Tissue engineering





Buildings and
construction



Acoustical engineering
Architectural engineering
Building services engineering
Civil engineering
Construction engineering
Domestic technology
Facade engineering
Fire protection engineering
Safety engineering
Sanitary engineering
Structural engineering





Educational



Educational software
Digital technologies in education
ICT in education
Impact
Multimedia learning
Virtual campus
Virtual education





Energy



Nuclear engineering
Nuclear technology
Petroleum engineering
Soft energy technology





Environmental



Clean technology
Clean coal technology
Ecological design
Ecological engineering
Ecotechnology
Environmental engineering
Environmental engineering science
Green building
Green nanotechnology
Landscape engineering
Renewable energy
Sustainable design
Sustainable engineering





Industrial



Automation
Business informatics
Engineering management
Enterprise engineering
Financial engineering
Industrial biotechnology
Industrial engineering
Metallurgy
Mining engineering
Productivity improving technologies
Research and development
Tribology





IT and
communications



Artificial intelligence
Broadcast engineering
Computer engineering
Computer science
Financial technology
Information technology
Music technology
Ontology engineering
RF engineering
Software engineering
Telecommunications engineering
Visual technology
Web engineering





Military



Army engineering maintenance
Electronic warfare
Military communications
Military engineering
Stealth technology





Transport



Aerospace engineering
Automotive engineering
Naval architecture
Space technology
Traffic engineering
Transport engineering









Others




Applied
science



Cryogenics
Electro-optics
Electronics
Engineering geology
Engineering physics
Hydraulics
Materials science
Microfabrication
Nanoengineering





Engineering
(list)



Audio
Biochemical
Ceramic
Chemical
Polymer
Control
Electrical
Electronic
Entertainment
Geotechnical
Hydraulic
Mechanical
Mechatronics
Optical
Protein
Quantum
Robotics

Animatronics


Systems














Components



Infrastructure
Invention

Timeline


Knowledge
Machine
Skill

Craft


Tool

Gadget







Scales



Femtotechnology
Picotechnology
Nanotechnology
Microtechnology
Macro-engineering
Megascale engineering





History



Prehistoric technology
Neolithic Revolution
Ancient technology
Medieval technology
Renaissance technology
Industrial Revolution

Second


Atomic Age
Jet Age
Space Age
Digital Revolution
Information Age





Theories and
concepts



Appropriate technology
Collingridge dilemma
Critique of technology
Diffusion of innovations
Disruptive innovation
Dual-use technology
Ephemeralization
High tech
Hype cycle
Low-technology
Mature technology
Strategy of Technology
Technicism
Techno-progressivism
Technocapitalism
Technocentrism
Technocracy
Technocriticism
Technoculture
Technoethics
Technoetic
Technogaianism
Technoliberalism
Technolibertarianism
Technological alliance
Technological apartheid
Technological change
Technological convergence
Technological determinism
Technological escalation
Technological evolution
Technological fix
Technological innovation system
Technological momentum
Technological nationalism
Technological paradigm
Technological rationality
Technological revival
Technological revolution
Technological self-efficacy
Technological singularity

Singularitarianism


Technological somnambulism
Technological transitions
Technological unemployment
Technological utopianism
Technology lifecycle

Technology acceptance model
Technology adoption lifecycle


Technomancy
Technopaganism
Technorealism
Technoromanticism
Technoscience

feminist


Transhumanism





Other



Emerging technologies

List


Fictional technology
High-technology business districts
Kardashev scale
List of technologies
Philosophy of technology

Ethics of technology


Science, technology and society

Technology dynamics
Science and technology by country


STEM fields

Pre-STEM
women


STEAM fields
Technology alignment
Technology assessment
Technology brokering
Technology companies
Technology demonstration
Technology education

Technical universities and colleges


Technology evangelist
Technology fusion
Technology governance
Technology integration
Technology journalism
Technology management
Technology museum
Technology policy
Technology shock
Technology strategy
Technology and society
Technology transfer
Technophilia
Technophobia
Technoself
Technosexual
Technosignature
Technostress
Terotechnology








 Book
 Category
 Portal












v
t
e


Prehistoric technology






Prehistory

timeline
outline
Stone Age
subdivisions
New Stone Age
synoptic table


Technology

history












Tools







Farming



Neolithic Revolution

founder crops
New World crops


Ard / plough
Celt
Digging stick
Domestication
Goad
Irrigation
Secondary products
Sickle
Terracing





Food processing



Fire
Basket
Cooking

Earth oven


Granaries
Grinding slab
Ground stone
Hearth

Aşıklı Höyük
Qesem Cave


Manos
Metate
Mortar and pestle
Pottery
Quern-stone
Storage pit





Hunting







Arrow
Boomerang

throwing stick


Bow and arrow

history


Nets
Spear

Spear-thrower
baton
harpoon
woomera
Schöningen Spears







Projectile points



Arrowhead
Bare Island
Cascade
Clovis
Cresswell
Cumberland
Eden
Folsom
Lamoka
Manis Site
Plano
Transverse arrowhead





Systems



Game drive system

Buffalo jump










Toolmaking



Earliest toolmaking

Oldowan
Acheulean
Mousterian


Clovis culture
Cupstone
Fire hardening
Gravettian culture
Hafting
Hand axe

Grooves


Langdale axe industry
Levallois technique
Lithic core
Lithic reduction

analysis
debitage
flake


Lithic technology
Magdalenian culture
Metallurgy
Microblade technology
Mining
Prepared-core technique
Solutrean industry
Striking platform
Tool stone
Uniface
Yubetsu technique





Other tools



Adze
Awl

bone


Axe
Bannerstone
Blade

prismatic


Bone tool
Bow drill
Burin
Canoe

Oar
Pesse canoe


Chopper

tool


Cleaver
Denticulate tool
Fire plough
Fire-saw
Hammerstone
Knife
Microlith
Quern-stone
Racloir
Rope
Scraper

side


Stone tool
Tally stick
Weapons
Wheel

illustration


















Architecture







Ceremonial



Göbekli Tepe
Kiva
Standing stones

megalith
row
Stonehenge


Pyramid





Dwellings



Neolithic architecture
British megalith architecture
Nordic megalith architecture
Burdei
Cave
Cliff dwelling
Dugout
Hut

Quiggly hole


Jacal
Longhouse
Mud brick

Mehrgarh


Neolithic long house
Pit-house
Pueblitos
Pueblo
Rock shelter

Blombos Cave
Abri de la Madeleine
Sibudu Cave


Stone roof
Roundhouse
Stilt house

Alp pile dwellings


Wattle and daub





Water management



Check dam
Cistern
Flush toilet
Reservoir
Water well





Other architecture



Archaeological features
Broch
Burnt mound

fulacht fiadh


Causewayed enclosure

Tor enclosure


Circular enclosure

Goseck


Cursus
Henge

Thornborough


Oldest buildings
Megalithic architectural elements
Midden
Timber circle
Timber trackway

Sweet Track


















Arts and culture







Material goods



Baskets
Beadwork
Beds
Chalcolithic
Clothing/textiles

timeline


Cosmetics
Glue
Hides

shoes
Ötzi


Jewelry

amber use


Mirrors
Pottery

Cardium
Grooved ware
Linear
Jōmon
Unstan ware


Sewing needle
Weaving
Wine

Winery
wine press







Prehistoric art



Art of the Upper Paleolithic
Art of the Middle Paleolithic

Blombos Cave


List of Stone Age art
Bird stone
Bradshaw rock paintings
Cairn
Carved Stone Balls
Cave paintings

painting
pigment


Cup and ring mark
Geoglyph
Golden hats
Guardian stones
Megalithic art
Petroform
Petroglyph
Petrosomatoglyph
Pictogram
Rock art

Stone carving


Sculpture
Statue menhir
Stone circle

list
British Isles and Brittany


Venus figurines





Burial



Burial mounds

Bowl barrow
Round barrow


Mound Builders culture

U.S. sites


Chamber tomb

Severn-Cotswold


Cist

Dartmoor kistvaens


Clava cairn
Court tomb
Cremation
Dolmen

Great dolmen


Funeral pyre
Gallery grave

transepted
wedge-shaped


Grave goods
Jar burial
Long barrow

unchambered
Grønsalen


Megalithic tomb
Mummy
Passage grave
Rectangular dolmen
Ring cairn
Simple dolmen
Stone box grave
Tor cairn
Tumulus
Unchambered long cairn





Other cultural



Astronomy

sites
lunar calendar


Behavioral modernity
Origin of language
Prehistoric medicine

trepanning


Evolutionary musicology

music archaeology


Prehistoric music

Alligator drum
flutes
Divje Babe flute
gudi


Prehistoric numerals
Origin of religion

Paleolithic religion
Prehistoric religion
Spiritual drug use


Prehistoric warfare
Symbols

symbolism




















v
t
e


Emerging technologies



Fields




Agriculture



Agricultural robot
Closed ecological systems
Cultured meat
Genetically modified food
Precision agriculture
Vertical farming





Architecture



Arcology
Building printing

Contour crafting
D-Shape


Domed city





Biomedical



Artificial uterus
Ampakine
Brain transplant
Cryonics

Cryoprotectant
Cryopreservation
Vitrification
Suspended animation


De-extinction
Genetic engineering

Gene therapy


Head transplant
Isolated brain
Life extension

Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence


Nanomedicine
Nanosensors
Personalized medicine
Regenerative medicine

Stem-cell therapy
Tissue engineering


Robot-assisted surgery
Synthetic biology

Synthetic genomics


Virotherapy

Oncolytic virus


Tricorder
Whole genome sequencing





Displays




Next generation



FED
FLCD
iMoD
Laser
LPD
OLED
OLET
QD-LED
SED
TPD
TDEL
TMOS





Screenless



Bionic contact lens
Head-mounted display
Head-up display
Optical head-mounted display
Virtual retinal display





Other



Autostereoscopy
Flexible display
Holographic display

Computer-generated holography


Multi-primary color display
Ultra HD
Volumetric display








Electronics



Electronic nose
E-textiles
Flexible electronics
Molecular electronics
Nanoelectromechanical systems
Memristor
Spintronics
Thermal copper pillar bump





Energy




Production



Airborne wind turbine
Artificial photosynthesis
Biofuels
Carbon-neutral fuel
Concentrated solar power
Fusion power
Home fuel cell
Hydrogen economy
Methanol economy
Molten salt reactor
Nantenna
Photovoltaic pavement
Space-based solar power
Vortex engine





Storage



Beltway battery
Compressed air energy storage
Flywheel energy storage
Grid energy storage
Lithium–air battery
Molten salt battery
Nanowire battery
Research in lithium-ion batteries
Silicon–air battery
Thermal energy storage
Ultracapacitor





Other



Smart grid
Wireless power









Information and
communications




Ambient intelligence

Internet of Things


Artificial intelligence

Applications of artificial intelligence
Progress in artificial intelligence
Machine translation
Machine vision
Semantic Web
Speech recognition


Atomtronics
Carbon nanotube field-effect transistor
Cybermethodology
Fourth-generation optical discs

3D optical data storage
Holographic data storage


GPGPU
Memory

CBRAM
FRAM
Millipede
MRAM
NRAM
PRAM
Racetrack memory
RRAM
SONOS


Optical computing
RFID

Chipless RFID


Software-defined radio
Three-dimensional integrated circuit





Manufacturing



3D printing
Claytronics
Molecular assembler
Utility fog





Materials science



Aerogel
Amorphous metal
Artificial muscle
Conductive polymer
Femtotechnology
Fullerene
Graphene
High-temperature superconductivity
High-temperature superfluidity
Linear acetylenic carbon
Metamaterials

Metamaterial cloaking


Metal foam
Multi-function structures
Nanotechnology

Carbon nanotubes
Molecular nanotechnology
Nanomaterials


Picotechnology
Programmable matter
Quantum dots
Silicene
Superalloy
Synthetic diamond





Military



Antimatter weapon
Caseless ammunition
Directed-energy weapon

Laser
Maser
Particle-beam weapon
Sonic weapon
Coilgun
Railgun


Plasma weapon
Pure fusion weapon
Stealth technology
Vortex ring gun





Neuroscience



Artificial brain

Blue Brain Project


Brain–computer interface
Electroencephalography
Mind uploading

Brain-reading
Neuroinformatics


Neuroprosthetics

Bionic eye
Brain implant
Exocortex
Retinal implant







Quantum



Quantum algorithms
Quantum amplifier
Quantum bus
Quantum channel
Quantum circuit
Quantum complexity theory
Quantum computing
Quantum cryptography
Quantum dynamics
Quantum electronics
Quantum error correction
Quantum imaging
Quantum information
Quantum key distribution
Quantum logic
Quantum logic gates
Quantum machine
Quantum machine learning
Quantum metamaterial
Quantum metrology
Quantum network
Quantum neural network
Quantum optics
Quantum programming
Quantum sensing
Quantum simulator
Quantum teleportation





Robotics



Domotics
Nanorobotics
Powered exoskeleton
Self-reconfiguring modular robot
Swarm robotics
Uncrewed vehicle





Space science




Launch



Fusion rocket
Non-rocket spacelaunch

Mass driver
Orbital ring
Skyhook
Space elevator
Space fountain
Space tether


Reusable launch system





Propulsion



Beam-powered propulsion
Ion thruster
Laser propulsion
Plasma propulsion engine

Helicon thruster
VASIMR


Project Orion
Nuclear pulse propulsion
Solar sail





Other



Interstellar travel
Propellant depot








Transport




Aerial



Adaptive compliant wing
Aeroscraft
Backpack helicopter
Delivery drone
Flying car
High-altitude platform
Jet pack
Pulse detonation engine
Scramjet
Spaceplane

Skylon


Supersonic transport





Land



Airless tire

Tweel


Alternative fuel vehicle

Hydrogen vehicle


Driverless car
Ground effect train
Maglev train
Personal rapid transit
Vactrain

ET3 Global Alliance
Hyperloop


Vehicular communication systems





Pipeline



Pneumatic transport

Automated vacuum collection
Foodtubes










Other



Anti-gravity
Cloak of invisibility
Digital scent technology
Force field

Plasma window


Immersive virtual reality

VirtuSphere


Magnetic refrigeration
Phased-array optics








Topics



Collingridge dilemma
Differential technological development
Ephemeralization
Exploratory engineering
Fictional technology
Proactionary principle
Technological change

Technological unemployment


Technological convergence
Technological evolution
Technological paradigm
Technology forecasting

Accelerating change
Moore's law
Technological singularity
Technology scouting


Technology readiness level
Technology roadmap
Transhumanism








 Category
 List









Authority control



GND: 4059276-5










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Technology&oldid=791903690"					
Categories: Technology systemsHidden categories: CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors listPages containing links to subscription-only contentWikipedia indefinitely move-protected pagesUse dmy dates from July 2015Wikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalismArticles containing Ancient Greek-language textPages incorrectly using the quote templateWikipedia articles with GND identifiers 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
View source
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia CommonsWikiquote 



Languages


AfrikaansAlemannischአማርኛÆngliscالعربيةAragonésঅসমীয়াAsturianuAymar aruAzərbaycancaবাংলাBasa BanyumasanБашҡортсаБеларускаяБеларуская (тарашкевіца)‎भोजपुरीБългарскиBoarischBosanskiBrezhonegБуряадCatalàCebuanoČeštinaCymraegDanskDeitschDeutschEestiΕλληνικάEspañolEsperantoEuskaraفارسیFrançaisFryskFurlanGaeilgeGaelgGàidhligGalego한국어HausaՀայերենहिन्दीHrvatskiIdoIgboIlokanoBahasa IndonesiaInterlinguaInterlingueᐃᓄᒃᑎᑐᑦ/inuktitutIsiXhosaÍslenskaItalianoעבריתBasa Jawaಕನ್ನಡКъарачай-малкъарქართულიҚазақшаKiswahiliKreyòl ayisyenKurdîКыргызчаລາວLatinaLatviešuLietuviųLimburgsLa .lojban.MagyarMalagasyമലയാളംमराठीმარგალურიBahasa MelayuMirandésМонголမြန်မာဘာသာNederlandsनेपालीनेपाल भाषा日本語НохчийнNorsk bokmålNorsk nynorskNouormandOccitanОлык марийଓଡ଼ିଆOromooOʻzbekcha/ўзбекчаਪੰਜਾਬੀپنجابیPapiamentuپښتوPatoisភាសាខ្មែរPicardPolskiPortuguêsQaraqalpaqshaRomânăRuna SimiРусиньскыйРусскийСаха тылаScotsShqipසිංහලSimple EnglishسنڌيSlovenčinaSlovenščinaکوردیСрпски / srpskiSrpskohrvatski / српскохрватскиBasa SundaSuomiSvenskaTagalogதமிழ்Татарча/tatarçaతెలుగుTetunไทยТоҷикӣTürkçeУкраїнськаاردوVènetoTiếng ViệtVõroWest-VlamsWinarayXitsongaייִדישYorùbá粵語Žemaitėška中文 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 23 July 2017, at 05:25.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 







ART Pro Audio

























Products
Support
Media






Product Registration



Register your new ART products online by completing this simple form below.  Registration is voluntary, and has no effect on the product warranty coverage.  Please keep a copy of your dated sales receipt in the unlikely event your product should need warranty service.

PLEASE NOTE: There is no need to mail in your User Registration card if you register electronically.  CUSTOMERS OUTSIDE OF USA: All product registration and warranty issues are handled through your authorized distributor. You should ultimately refer to your local dealer or distributor for registration and warranty information.
* Required field

First Name*:

Last Name*:

Address*:

City*:

State*:

Zip Code*:

Country*:

E-Mail Address*:

Product Name*:

Product Serial Number*:


Please do not enter anything in this field*:


Comments:









           
           
		   
         


Legacy Products
Dealers
Company


  
          
          
      






Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














art research - Learn 24/7 - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Lara Cobden Art - 10% Off Original Art Any Price



Ad
 ·
www.saatchiart.com/​Lara Cobden/​Art



Use code GETART10 at checkout. Find the best emerging art at any price point!





Art Advisory



Tomorrow's Stars




Satisfaction Guaranteed



Invest In Art





Free Art Values - Search Free Art Values | searchall.com



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Free Art Values



Search for Free Art Values With 100's of Results at SearchAll




Art Research Jobs - Search For Art Research Jobs.



Ad
 ·
indeed.com/​Art+Research



Search For Art Research Jobs. Find Your New Job Today!





Receive Daily Job Alerts



Post Your Resume



Post A Job



Search Resumes





Master’s in Art Therapy - AATA Approved Program



Ad
 ·
chicago.adler.edu/​arttherapy



Recognized 2-Year MA in Counseling: Art Therapy Degree Program. Learn More Now!




Searches related toart research



national center for arts research


art research sites


art research paper example


artist lookup research


art research paper



art research enterprises


online art research center


research paintings


medical clip art


art imaged nurses art




Web Results

Art Research Library - National Gallery, Washington

https://library.nga.gov


The National Gallery of Art Library is a major national art research center serving the Gallery's staff, members of the Center for Advanced Study in the Visual Arts ...



Basic Search



Image Collections



Auction Catalogues



Author Search



International Foundation for Art Research - Official Site

https://ifar.org


Announcing the Relaunch and Expansion of IFAR's Online Provenance Guide Provenance research is important to all those interested in the collecting, exhibiting, and ...



About IFAR



Contact IFAR



Make a Donation



Subscribe to The Journal



Research: Art Works | NEA - arts.gov

https://www.arts.gov/grants-organizations/research-art-works


The National Endowment for the Arts' Office of Research & Analysis makes awards to support research that investigates the value and/or impact of the arts, either as ...


Home Page - A.R.T. Research

www.thinksculpture.com


We work with you from the conception of your fine art creation through project planning, turning ideas into reality. At ART Research, ...


Art Analysis & Research

www.artanalysisresearch.com


Art Analysis & Research is a company dedicated to providing scientific and technical research to the fine art community.


Researching Your Art / American Art

americanart.si.edu/research/tools/art


Research Researching Your Art. Want to learn more about the painting you found while clearing out the attic? What about the drawing that has been hanging in grandma's ...


Art Research FAQ - Museum of Modern Art | MoMA

https://www.moma.org/learn/resources/library/faq_art_research


The Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) is a place that fuels creativity, ignites minds, and provides inspiration. Its extraordinary exhibitions and collection of modern and ...


The Art History Research Centre

harmsen.net/ahrc


The Art History Research Centre is the foremost tool to facilitate art historical research as well as other arts research on the internet.


Research • National Art Education Association

https://www.arteducators.org/research


What does current research say about the value of learning in the visual arts? What topics are emerging in the arts research world? How does research inform teaching ...


askART - Art prices, artist art auction records, art ...

www.askart.com


askART, an artist directory with millions of worldwide artists' paintings and art - Auction records and results, artwork prices, valuations, signatures, images and ...










Lara Cobden Art - 10% Off Original Art Any Price



Ad
 ·
www.saatchiart.com/​Lara Cobden/​Art



Use code GETART10 at checkout. Find the best emerging art at any price point!





Art Advisory



Tomorrow's Stars




Satisfaction Guaranteed



Invest In Art





Free Art Values - Search Free Art Values | searchall.com



Ad
 ·
www.searchall.com/​Free Art Values



Search for Free Art Values With 100's of Results at SearchAll




Art Research Jobs - Search For Art Research Jobs.



Ad
 ·
indeed.com/​Art+Research



Search For Art Research Jobs. Find Your New Job Today!





Receive Daily Job Alerts



Post Your Resume



Post A Job



Search Resumes





Master’s in Art Therapy - AATA Approved Program



Ad
 ·
chicago.adler.edu/​arttherapy



Recognized 2-Year MA in Counseling: Art Therapy Degree Program. Learn More Now!



Searches related toart research



national center for arts research


art research sites


art research paper example


artist lookup research


art research paper



art research enterprises


online art research center


research paintings


medical clip art


art imaged nurses art




12345Next






Answers







Art Research Center



The Art Research Center ("ARC") was founded in Kansas City, Missouri, in 1964. ARC grew out of the new center U.S. art cooperative gallery which was...

more






Rock Art Research



Rock Art Research is a biannual peer-reviewed academic journal covering rock art and other forms of paleoart. It is published by the International...

more






Artpool Art Research Center



Artpool Art Research Center is a free, non-profit archives and exhibition space in Budapest, Hungary, dedicated to contemporary international...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network











Art Advisory | Saatchi Art













 













































Sign InRegister

















                                    Paintings                                





                                    Photography                                





                                    Drawings                                





                                    Sculpture                                





                                    Collage                                





                                    Prints                                





                                    Features                                





                                    Blog                                





                                    Art Advisory                                







                                                Featured Paintings                                            





                                                Style                                            


                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Modern                                                    

                                                        Street Art                                                    

                                                        Pop Art                                                    




                                                Subject                                            


                                                        Portrait                                                    

                                                        Landscape                                                    

                                                        Still Life                                                    

                                                        Nature                                                    

                                                        Beach                                                    




                                                Medium                                            


                                                        Oil                                                    

                                                        Watercolor                                                    

                                                        Acrylic                                                    

                                                        Airbrush                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    








                                                Featured Photography                                            





                                                Style                                            


                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Portraiture                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Documentary                                                    

                                                        Conceptual                                                    




                                                Subject                                            


                                                        Landscape                                                    

                                                        Portrait                                                    

                                                        Nature                                                    

                                                        Still Life                                                    

                                                        Nude                                                    




                                                Medium                                            


                                                        Digital                                                    

                                                        Black and White                                                    

                                                        Color                                                    

                                                        C-type                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    








                                                Featured Drawings                                            





                                                Style                                            


                                                        Graffiti                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Pop Art                                                    

                                                        Surrealism Art                                                    




                                                Subject                                            


                                                        Nature                                                    

                                                        Portrait                                                    

                                                        Animal                                                    

                                                        Love                                                    

                                                        Cartoon                                                    




                                                Medium                                            


                                                        Pencil                                                    

                                                        Charcoal                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    

                                                        Ink                                                    

                                                        Pastel                                                    








                                                Featured Sculptures                                            





                                                Style                                            


                                                        Pop Art                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Wall                                                    

                                                        Figurative                                                    

                                                        Modern                                                    




                                                Subject                                            


                                                        Body                                                    

                                                        Still Life                                                    

                                                        Animal                                                    

                                                        Architecture                                                    

                                                        Geometric                                                    




                                                Medium                                            


                                                        Metal                                                    

                                                        Bronze                                                    

                                                        Clay                                                    

                                                        Glass                                                    

                                                        Wood                                                    








                                                Featured Collages                                            





                                                Style                                            


                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Pop Art                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Surrealism                                                    

                                                        Street Art                                                    




                                                Subject                                            


                                                        Fashion                                                    

                                                        Celebrity                                                    

                                                        Nature                                                    

                                                        Geometric                                                    

                                                        Landscape                                                    




                                                Medium                                            


                                                        Paper                                                    

                                                        Photo                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    

                                                        Paint                                                    

                                                        Fabric                                                    








                                                Featured Prints                                            





                                                Style                                            


                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Art Deco                                                    

                                                        Pop Art                                                    

                                                        Folk Art                                                    




                                                Subject                                            


                                                        Floral                                                    

                                                        Animal                                                    

                                                        Fashion                                                    

                                                        Beach                                                    

                                                        Geometric                                                    




                                                Medium                                            


                                                        Photo                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    

                                                        Watercolor                                                    

                                                        Canvas                                                    

                                                        Posters                                                    








                                                Featured Collections                                            






                                                        Collections                                                    

                                                        Shows                                                    

                                                        Contests                                                    

                                                        Catalog                                                    





                                                        Invest In Art                                                    

                                                        One To Watch Artists                                                    

                                                        Inside The Studio                                                    

                                                        Gift Guide                                                    












Art
Artist
Collection
























                                Sign In                                                            



                                Register                                                            



                                Paintings                                                                    





                                        Paintings                                      




                                                    Featured Paintings                                                




                                                Style                                            

                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Modern                                                    

                                                        Street Art                                                    

                                                        Pop Art                                                    



                                                Subject                                            

                                                        Portrait                                                    

                                                        Landscape                                                    

                                                        Still Life                                                    

                                                        Nature                                                    

                                                        Beach                                                    



                                                Medium                                            

                                                        Oil                                                    

                                                        Watercolor                                                    

                                                        Acrylic                                                    

                                                        Airbrush                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    





                                Photography                                                                    





                                        Photography                                      




                                                    Featured Photography                                                




                                                Style                                            

                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Portraiture                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Documentary                                                    

                                                        Conceptual                                                    



                                                Subject                                            

                                                        Landscape                                                    

                                                        Portrait                                                    

                                                        Nature                                                    

                                                        Still Life                                                    

                                                        Nude                                                    



                                                Medium                                            

                                                        Digital                                                    

                                                        Black and White                                                    

                                                        Color                                                    

                                                        C-type                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    





                                Drawings                                                                    





                                        Drawings                                      




                                                    Featured Drawings                                                




                                                Style                                            

                                                        Graffiti                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Pop Art                                                    

                                                        Surrealism Art                                                    



                                                Subject                                            

                                                        Nature                                                    

                                                        Portrait                                                    

                                                        Animal                                                    

                                                        Love                                                    

                                                        Cartoon                                                    



                                                Medium                                            

                                                        Pencil                                                    

                                                        Charcoal                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    

                                                        Ink                                                    

                                                        Pastel                                                    





                                Sculpture                                                                    





                                        Sculpture                                      




                                                    Featured Sculptures                                                




                                                Style                                            

                                                        Pop Art                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Wall                                                    

                                                        Figurative                                                    

                                                        Modern                                                    



                                                Subject                                            

                                                        Body                                                    

                                                        Still Life                                                    

                                                        Animal                                                    

                                                        Architecture                                                    

                                                        Geometric                                                    



                                                Medium                                            

                                                        Metal                                                    

                                                        Bronze                                                    

                                                        Clay                                                    

                                                        Glass                                                    

                                                        Wood                                                    





                                Collage                                                                    





                                        Collage                                      




                                                    Featured Collages                                                




                                                Style                                            

                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Pop Art                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Surrealism                                                    

                                                        Street Art                                                    



                                                Subject                                            

                                                        Fashion                                                    

                                                        Celebrity                                                    

                                                        Nature                                                    

                                                        Geometric                                                    

                                                        Landscape                                                    



                                                Medium                                            

                                                        Paper                                                    

                                                        Photo                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    

                                                        Paint                                                    

                                                        Fabric                                                    





                                Prints                                                                    





                                        Prints                                      




                                                    Featured Prints                                                




                                                Style                                            

                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Art Deco                                                    

                                                        Pop Art                                                    

                                                        Folk Art                                                    



                                                Subject                                            

                                                        Floral                                                    

                                                        Animal                                                    

                                                        Fashion                                                    

                                                        Beach                                                    

                                                        Geometric                                                    



                                                Medium                                            

                                                        Photo                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    

                                                        Watercolor                                                    

                                                        Canvas                                                    

                                                        Posters                                                    





                                Features                                                                    





                                        Features                                      




                                                    Featured Collections                                                




                                                        Collections                                                    

                                                        Shows                                                    

                                                        Contests                                                    

                                                        Catalog                                                    



                                                        Invest In Art                                                    

                                                        One To Watch Artists                                                    

                                                        Inside The Studio                                                    

                                                        Gift Guide                                                    





                                Blog                                                            



                                Art Advisory                                                            































Art



Art
Artist
Collection










Free Art Advisory
Request guidance from a curator to find artworks handpicked for you to purchase.
Get Started
Are you an Interior Designer? Click here to see Art Advisory to the Trade


















0






Artwork by Paula Baader



Why Saatchi Art?
Global Selection
            We have an unparalleled selection of paintings, photography, sculpture, and drawings by over 60,000 artists
            from around the world.
Satisfaction Guaranteed
            Our 7-day 100% money-back guarantee allows you to buy with confidence. If for any reason you’re not satisfied
            with your purchase, return it and we’ll help you find a work you love.
No Advisory Fees
            Our personalized art advisory service gives you access to your own expert curator, free of charge.
Original Art for Any Budget
            Saatchi Art features works at a wide range of prices to suit all budgets and projects.
Global Shipping
            We handle all aspects of international shipping and customs for a completely hassle-free delivery. We have included the price of shipping within the artwork price. What you see is what you pay.
Get Started











Work with an art curator and pay no advisory fees

Whatever artworks you are looking to purchase, your Saatchi Art curator will select works tailored to your needs,
            space, and style. Depending on your request, your curator will suggest a carefully chosen selection of around
            30 works for you to browse through online. No other art advisory program offers this time-saving service to
            both individuals and trade professionals free of charge.
If you would prefer to browse our curators’ collections by style and price please
            click here for a wide selection of curated works.
Get Started














            “The art world equivalent of having Anna Wintour come clothes shopping with you.”
        
– Ima Ebong, Collector
Get Started


(swipe left to view more)







From our collectors
Braden W.
United States
“I am a proud collector of several beautiful gouache paintings by Charlotte Evans — and I
                                owe it to Saatchi Art for introducing me to her work. I look forward to following her bright career.”








on a roll

Painting
sold


Charlotte Evans

United States



$319















From our collectors
Nicole G.
United States
“Not only did I fall in love with this work — the complete experience was second
                                to none! The artist did a fantastic job of packaging the artworks so it arrived safely,
                                which it did in less time than expected!”








Hommage à Toulouse-Lautrec I

Collage
sold


Ute Rathmann

Germany




                                        $790
                                    



                                        Prints from $95
                                    















From our collectors
James D.
United States
“Every day this painting puts a smile on my face. I just can’t get enough of it and
                                can’t wait to keep building my collection, such a useful tool to find art I like.”








Marriage

Painting
sold


Kelly Puissegur

United States




                                        $450
                                    



                                        Prints from $40
                                    











(swipe left to view more)


Meet our Curators










Rebecca Wilson
Rebecca Wilson is Chief Curator and VP, Art Advisory at Saatchi Art.
                She was formerly a Director at the Saatchi Gallery, London, where she was instrumental in the launch
                of the gallery's online presence. In 2007 she created New Sensations, a prize for art students which
                identifies and supports the most exciting emerging artists in the UK. Prior to joining the Saatchi Gallery,
                Rebecca worked for 14 years in book and art magazine publishing: she was editor of ArtReview, and before
                that deputy editor of Modern Painters. She has over 15 years of experience working with emerging artists.








Katherine Henning
Katherine Henning is the Senior Associate Curator at Saatchi Art. She received her MA in History of Art and the Art Market: Modern and Contemporary Art from Christie’s Education, New York, and her BA in English Literature (Creative Writing) from University of Southern California. Some of her favorite art historical movements are Impressionism, Abstract Expressionism, and Fauvism. She includes in her list of favorite contemporary artists Yayoi Kusama, Richard Serra, James Turrell, and Kehinde Wiley.








Jessica McQueen
 Jessica McQueen is the Associate Curator at Saatchi Art. She has a B.A. in Art History and English from the University of California, Los Angeles. Jessica loves Surrealism, and her favorite contemporary artists include Urs Fischer, Adrian Ghenie, Barbara Kruger, and John Baldessari.








Evangelyn Delacare
Evangelyn Delacare is the Assistant Curator at Saatchi Art. She has previously worked at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, the Fowler Museum at UCLA, and Los Angeles Contemporary Archive. Evangelyn received her B.A. in Art History at University of California, Los Angeles. Her favorite artists are Cy Twombly, Hannah Höch, Felix Gonzalez-Torres, and Alberto Giacometti. 








Victoria Kennedy
Victoria Kennedy is the Assistant Curator at Saatchi Art. She graduated with a B.A. in Religious Studies from Stanford University while playing varsity water polo. Victoria has worked in the active travel industry in France, and held positions at contemporary art galleries and within the rare book industry. Most recently, she earned an M.A. in Art Business from the Sotheby's Institute of Art in Los Angeles. Some of her favorite art historical movements include the Abstract Expressionist and Modern movements of the twentieth century. Her favorite contemporary artists include Cecily Brown, Petra Cortright, and Ha Chong-hyun. 







Trustpilot










×
Work one-on-one with your own curator to find art you love






 


Sign up to receive our newsletter 
 
A curator will contact you within 4-5 business days











×
Thank you

We look forward to working with you
Leave a message for your curator with details about what you’re looking for — style, budget, dimensions, etc.
 *Message

 
 

As a reminder, please allow 4-5 business days for a response from your curator





Thanks Again
We look forward to working with you
















Safari 5.x and below is not supported on Saatchi Art.
Please see "How to install Safari 6"
                (minimum requirements, Mac OS X Lion v10.7.5). You may also try Chrome
                or Firefox.















One to Watch – Canvas: a blog by Saatchi Art














































Canvas


A blog by Saatchi Art





 





A blog by Saatchi Art

Canvas
Art
Culture
Décor
The Other Art Fair
Search
 






One to Watch
Each week, we showcase an emerging artist from around the world who is already garnering attention for their work. “One To Watch” presents some of the most exciting artists on Saatchi Art helping collectors to discover strong emerging talent.







 

One to Watch

                Natasha Conway’s tactile, textured, layered abstr...                

These tactile, layered works represent the artist’s daily experiences and …






 

One to Watch

                Beata Chrzanowska creates realistic, deconstructed port...                

Beata Chrzanowska’s paintings focus on the female experience.






 

One to Watch

                Karl Bielik’s paintings explore abstraction throu...                

Playing on interaction between shapes, colors and opaqueness, Karl Bielik …






 

One to Watch

                Oliver Curtis’ photographs explore the unexplored                

By looking at places and people indirectly, Oliver Curtis creates works that …






 

One to Watch

                Alice Case creates kaleidoscopic alternate realities                

Through her bold, colorful paintings, Alice Case tries to imagine alternate …






 

One to Watch

                Johanna Lüffe’s paintings capture the passing of ...                

Inspired by the construct of time, Johanna Lüffe creates blurred portraits and …






 

One to Watch

                Peter de Boer creates nostalgic, organic landscapes                

In his paintings, Peter de Boer creates spaces and landscapes invoking memory, …






 

One to Watch

                Se Rin Park creates abstracted,layered landscapes                

Inspired by imaginative landscapes, Se Rin Park creates multi-layered …






 

One to Watch

                Eric Stefanski paints the dualities of culture                

In his paintings of bold, abstract popular icons, Erik Stefanski highlights the …






 

One to Watch

                Miss Aniela’s photographs are both real and imagi...                

Miss Aniela gives insight into how she imagines and creates her fantastical …






 

One to Watch

                Sergiu Laslo’s monochromatic paintings are out of...                

Collecting bits and pieces from his surroundings, Sergiu Laslo paints collages …






 

One to Watch

                Cecilia Charlton creates meaning in the mind of the vie...                

Inspired by the wonders of science, Cecilia Charlton’s paintings exude meanings …






 

One to Watch

                Carolien Wissing’s paintings are shaped by light ...                

In her paintings of cityscapes and abandoned structures, Carolien Wissing aims …






 

One to Watch

                Alexandru Adrian Ivan explores mystery and deserted pla...                

Drawing from his childhood curiosity, Alexandru Adrian Ivan explores humanity …






 

One to Watch

                Joshua Armitage paints the quietly overlooked                

Influenced by his life experiences, Joshua Armitage’s paintings straddle the …






 

One to Watch

                Cody Choi’s photographs capture dynamic movement                

By combining choreography, dance, and photography, Cody Choi hopes to create an …






 

One to Watch

                Emma Copley paints everyday life in vivid color                

Drawing inspiration from her immediate surroundings, Emma Copley’s paintings …






 

One to Watch

                Hazel Miller creates an alternative gaze for the female...                

Hazel Miller’s art may be inspired by traditional form and subject, but her …






 

One to Watch

                Tony Bragg confrontsman, myth, and nature                

Drawing on the fantasies of childhood, the cults of man, the struggle against …






 

One to Watch

                Samin Ahmadzadeh’s collages explore her family...                

Samin Ahmadzadeh’s project began with her curiosity of her family’s …






 

Art News

                Petros Vrellis’ portraits explore the intersectio...                

Petros Vrellis takes an explorative approach to making art with modern …






 

One to Watch

                Leticia Gaspar’s paintings of the urban environme...                

Leticia Gaspar experiments with her knowledge of different mediums to create …






 

One to Watch

                Elliot Minor explores themes from nature with architect...                

Elliot Minor’s latest works are inspired by his natural and rural surroundings. …






 

One to Watch

                Erin Tengquist’s underwater portraits allow for r...                

Erin Tengquist’s photography explores the delicate, poetic, and deeply …






Load more








Good news!
You are already subscribed




Congratulations!
You successfully signed up


Sign up for our email list
Find out about new art and collections added weekly





 


Sign up


















Art Advisory | Saatchi Art













 













































Sign InRegister

















                                    Paintings                                





                                    Photography                                





                                    Drawings                                





                                    Sculpture                                





                                    Collage                                





                                    Prints                                





                                    Features                                





                                    Blog                                





                                    Art Advisory                                







                                                Featured Paintings                                            





                                                Style                                            


                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Modern                                                    

                                                        Street Art                                                    

                                                        Pop Art                                                    




                                                Subject                                            


                                                        Portrait                                                    

                                                        Landscape                                                    

                                                        Still Life                                                    

                                                        Nature                                                    

                                                        Beach                                                    




                                                Medium                                            


                                                        Oil                                                    

                                                        Watercolor                                                    

                                                        Acrylic                                                    

                                                        Airbrush                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    








                                                Featured Photography                                            





                                                Style                                            


                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Portraiture                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Documentary                                                    

                                                        Conceptual                                                    




                                                Subject                                            


                                                        Landscape                                                    

                                                        Portrait                                                    

                                                        Nature                                                    

                                                        Still Life                                                    

                                                        Nude                                                    




                                                Medium                                            


                                                        Digital                                                    

                                                        Black and White                                                    

                                                        Color                                                    

                                                        C-type                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    








                                                Featured Drawings                                            





                                                Style                                            


                                                        Graffiti                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Pop Art                                                    

                                                        Surrealism Art                                                    




                                                Subject                                            


                                                        Nature                                                    

                                                        Portrait                                                    

                                                        Animal                                                    

                                                        Love                                                    

                                                        Cartoon                                                    




                                                Medium                                            


                                                        Pencil                                                    

                                                        Charcoal                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    

                                                        Ink                                                    

                                                        Pastel                                                    








                                                Featured Sculptures                                            





                                                Style                                            


                                                        Pop Art                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Wall                                                    

                                                        Figurative                                                    

                                                        Modern                                                    




                                                Subject                                            


                                                        Body                                                    

                                                        Still Life                                                    

                                                        Animal                                                    

                                                        Architecture                                                    

                                                        Geometric                                                    




                                                Medium                                            


                                                        Metal                                                    

                                                        Bronze                                                    

                                                        Clay                                                    

                                                        Glass                                                    

                                                        Wood                                                    








                                                Featured Collages                                            





                                                Style                                            


                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Pop Art                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Surrealism                                                    

                                                        Street Art                                                    




                                                Subject                                            


                                                        Fashion                                                    

                                                        Celebrity                                                    

                                                        Nature                                                    

                                                        Geometric                                                    

                                                        Landscape                                                    




                                                Medium                                            


                                                        Paper                                                    

                                                        Photo                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    

                                                        Paint                                                    

                                                        Fabric                                                    








                                                Featured Prints                                            





                                                Style                                            


                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Art Deco                                                    

                                                        Pop Art                                                    

                                                        Folk Art                                                    




                                                Subject                                            


                                                        Floral                                                    

                                                        Animal                                                    

                                                        Fashion                                                    

                                                        Beach                                                    

                                                        Geometric                                                    




                                                Medium                                            


                                                        Photo                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    

                                                        Watercolor                                                    

                                                        Canvas                                                    

                                                        Posters                                                    








                                                Featured Collections                                            






                                                        Collections                                                    

                                                        Shows                                                    

                                                        Contests                                                    

                                                        Catalog                                                    





                                                        Invest In Art                                                    

                                                        One To Watch Artists                                                    

                                                        Inside The Studio                                                    

                                                        Gift Guide                                                    












Art
Artist
Collection
























                                Sign In                                                            



                                Register                                                            



                                Paintings                                                                    





                                        Paintings                                      




                                                    Featured Paintings                                                




                                                Style                                            

                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Modern                                                    

                                                        Street Art                                                    

                                                        Pop Art                                                    



                                                Subject                                            

                                                        Portrait                                                    

                                                        Landscape                                                    

                                                        Still Life                                                    

                                                        Nature                                                    

                                                        Beach                                                    



                                                Medium                                            

                                                        Oil                                                    

                                                        Watercolor                                                    

                                                        Acrylic                                                    

                                                        Airbrush                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    





                                Photography                                                                    





                                        Photography                                      




                                                    Featured Photography                                                




                                                Style                                            

                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Portraiture                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Documentary                                                    

                                                        Conceptual                                                    



                                                Subject                                            

                                                        Landscape                                                    

                                                        Portrait                                                    

                                                        Nature                                                    

                                                        Still Life                                                    

                                                        Nude                                                    



                                                Medium                                            

                                                        Digital                                                    

                                                        Black and White                                                    

                                                        Color                                                    

                                                        C-type                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    





                                Drawings                                                                    





                                        Drawings                                      




                                                    Featured Drawings                                                




                                                Style                                            

                                                        Graffiti                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Pop Art                                                    

                                                        Surrealism Art                                                    



                                                Subject                                            

                                                        Nature                                                    

                                                        Portrait                                                    

                                                        Animal                                                    

                                                        Love                                                    

                                                        Cartoon                                                    



                                                Medium                                            

                                                        Pencil                                                    

                                                        Charcoal                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    

                                                        Ink                                                    

                                                        Pastel                                                    





                                Sculpture                                                                    





                                        Sculpture                                      




                                                    Featured Sculptures                                                




                                                Style                                            

                                                        Pop Art                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Wall                                                    

                                                        Figurative                                                    

                                                        Modern                                                    



                                                Subject                                            

                                                        Body                                                    

                                                        Still Life                                                    

                                                        Animal                                                    

                                                        Architecture                                                    

                                                        Geometric                                                    



                                                Medium                                            

                                                        Metal                                                    

                                                        Bronze                                                    

                                                        Clay                                                    

                                                        Glass                                                    

                                                        Wood                                                    





                                Collage                                                                    





                                        Collage                                      




                                                    Featured Collages                                                




                                                Style                                            

                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Pop Art                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Surrealism                                                    

                                                        Street Art                                                    



                                                Subject                                            

                                                        Fashion                                                    

                                                        Celebrity                                                    

                                                        Nature                                                    

                                                        Geometric                                                    

                                                        Landscape                                                    



                                                Medium                                            

                                                        Paper                                                    

                                                        Photo                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    

                                                        Paint                                                    

                                                        Fabric                                                    





                                Prints                                                                    





                                        Prints                                      




                                                    Featured Prints                                                




                                                Style                                            

                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Art Deco                                                    

                                                        Pop Art                                                    

                                                        Folk Art                                                    



                                                Subject                                            

                                                        Floral                                                    

                                                        Animal                                                    

                                                        Fashion                                                    

                                                        Beach                                                    

                                                        Geometric                                                    



                                                Medium                                            

                                                        Photo                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    

                                                        Watercolor                                                    

                                                        Canvas                                                    

                                                        Posters                                                    





                                Features                                                                    





                                        Features                                      




                                                    Featured Collections                                                




                                                        Collections                                                    

                                                        Shows                                                    

                                                        Contests                                                    

                                                        Catalog                                                    



                                                        Invest In Art                                                    

                                                        One To Watch Artists                                                    

                                                        Inside The Studio                                                    

                                                        Gift Guide                                                    





                                Blog                                                            



                                Art Advisory                                                            































Art



Art
Artist
Collection










Free Art Advisory
Request guidance from a curator to find artworks handpicked for you to purchase.
Get Started
Are you an Interior Designer? Click here to see Art Advisory to the Trade


















0






Artwork by Paula Baader



Why Saatchi Art?
Global Selection
            We have an unparalleled selection of paintings, photography, sculpture, and drawings by over 60,000 artists
            from around the world.
Satisfaction Guaranteed
            Our 7-day 100% money-back guarantee allows you to buy with confidence. If for any reason you’re not satisfied
            with your purchase, return it and we’ll help you find a work you love.
No Advisory Fees
            Our personalized art advisory service gives you access to your own expert curator, free of charge.
Original Art for Any Budget
            Saatchi Art features works at a wide range of prices to suit all budgets and projects.
Global Shipping
            We handle all aspects of international shipping and customs for a completely hassle-free delivery. We have included the price of shipping within the artwork price. What you see is what you pay.
Get Started











Work with an art curator and pay no advisory fees

Whatever artworks you are looking to purchase, your Saatchi Art curator will select works tailored to your needs,
            space, and style. Depending on your request, your curator will suggest a carefully chosen selection of around
            30 works for you to browse through online. No other art advisory program offers this time-saving service to
            both individuals and trade professionals free of charge.
If you would prefer to browse our curators’ collections by style and price please
            click here for a wide selection of curated works.
Get Started














            “The art world equivalent of having Anna Wintour come clothes shopping with you.”
        
– Ima Ebong, Collector
Get Started


(swipe left to view more)







From our collectors
Braden W.
United States
“I am a proud collector of several beautiful gouache paintings by Charlotte Evans — and I
                                owe it to Saatchi Art for introducing me to her work. I look forward to following her bright career.”








on a roll

Painting
sold


Charlotte Evans

United States



$319















From our collectors
Nicole G.
United States
“Not only did I fall in love with this work — the complete experience was second
                                to none! The artist did a fantastic job of packaging the artworks so it arrived safely,
                                which it did in less time than expected!”








Hommage à Toulouse-Lautrec I

Collage
sold


Ute Rathmann

Germany




                                        $790
                                    



                                        Prints from $95
                                    















From our collectors
James D.
United States
“Every day this painting puts a smile on my face. I just can’t get enough of it and
                                can’t wait to keep building my collection, such a useful tool to find art I like.”








Marriage

Painting
sold


Kelly Puissegur

United States




                                        $450
                                    



                                        Prints from $40
                                    











(swipe left to view more)


Meet our Curators










Rebecca Wilson
Rebecca Wilson is Chief Curator and VP, Art Advisory at Saatchi Art.
                She was formerly a Director at the Saatchi Gallery, London, where she was instrumental in the launch
                of the gallery's online presence. In 2007 she created New Sensations, a prize for art students which
                identifies and supports the most exciting emerging artists in the UK. Prior to joining the Saatchi Gallery,
                Rebecca worked for 14 years in book and art magazine publishing: she was editor of ArtReview, and before
                that deputy editor of Modern Painters. She has over 15 years of experience working with emerging artists.








Katherine Henning
Katherine Henning is the Senior Associate Curator at Saatchi Art. She received her MA in History of Art and the Art Market: Modern and Contemporary Art from Christie’s Education, New York, and her BA in English Literature (Creative Writing) from University of Southern California. Some of her favorite art historical movements are Impressionism, Abstract Expressionism, and Fauvism. She includes in her list of favorite contemporary artists Yayoi Kusama, Richard Serra, James Turrell, and Kehinde Wiley.








Jessica McQueen
 Jessica McQueen is the Associate Curator at Saatchi Art. She has a B.A. in Art History and English from the University of California, Los Angeles. Jessica loves Surrealism, and her favorite contemporary artists include Urs Fischer, Adrian Ghenie, Barbara Kruger, and John Baldessari.








Evangelyn Delacare
Evangelyn Delacare is the Assistant Curator at Saatchi Art. She has previously worked at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, the Fowler Museum at UCLA, and Los Angeles Contemporary Archive. Evangelyn received her B.A. in Art History at University of California, Los Angeles. Her favorite artists are Cy Twombly, Hannah Höch, Felix Gonzalez-Torres, and Alberto Giacometti. 








Victoria Kennedy
Victoria Kennedy is the Assistant Curator at Saatchi Art. She graduated with a B.A. in Religious Studies from Stanford University while playing varsity water polo. Victoria has worked in the active travel industry in France, and held positions at contemporary art galleries and within the rare book industry. Most recently, she earned an M.A. in Art Business from the Sotheby's Institute of Art in Los Angeles. Some of her favorite art historical movements include the Abstract Expressionist and Modern movements of the twentieth century. Her favorite contemporary artists include Cecily Brown, Petra Cortright, and Ha Chong-hyun. 







Trustpilot










×
Work one-on-one with your own curator to find art you love






 


Sign up to receive our newsletter 
 
A curator will contact you within 4-5 business days











×
Thank you

We look forward to working with you
Leave a message for your curator with details about what you’re looking for — style, budget, dimensions, etc.
 *Message

 
 

As a reminder, please allow 4-5 business days for a response from your curator





Thanks Again
We look forward to working with you
















Safari 5.x and below is not supported on Saatchi Art.
Please see "How to install Safari 6"
                (minimum requirements, Mac OS X Lion v10.7.5). You may also try Chrome
                or Firefox.







Artwork: Buy Original Art Online, Paintings & More | Saatchi Art














 



































 















Sign InRegister

















                                    Paintings                                





                                    Photography                                





                                    Drawings                                





                                    Sculpture                                





                                    Collage                                





                                    Prints                                





                                    Features                                





                                    Blog                                





                                    Art Advisory                                







                                                Featured Paintings                                            





                                                Style                                            


                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Modern                                                    

                                                        Street Art                                                    

                                                        Pop Art                                                    




                                                Subject                                            


                                                        Portrait                                                    

                                                        Landscape                                                    

                                                        Still Life                                                    

                                                        Nature                                                    

                                                        Beach                                                    




                                                Medium                                            


                                                        Oil                                                    

                                                        Watercolor                                                    

                                                        Acrylic                                                    

                                                        Airbrush                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    








                                                Featured Photography                                            





                                                Style                                            


                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Portraiture                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Documentary                                                    

                                                        Conceptual                                                    




                                                Subject                                            


                                                        Landscape                                                    

                                                        Portrait                                                    

                                                        Nature                                                    

                                                        Still Life                                                    

                                                        Nude                                                    




                                                Medium                                            


                                                        Digital                                                    

                                                        Black and White                                                    

                                                        Color                                                    

                                                        C-type                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    








                                                Featured Drawings                                            





                                                Style                                            


                                                        Graffiti                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Pop Art                                                    

                                                        Surrealism Art                                                    




                                                Subject                                            


                                                        Nature                                                    

                                                        Portrait                                                    

                                                        Animal                                                    

                                                        Love                                                    

                                                        Cartoon                                                    




                                                Medium                                            


                                                        Pencil                                                    

                                                        Charcoal                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    

                                                        Ink                                                    

                                                        Pastel                                                    








                                                Featured Sculptures                                            





                                                Style                                            


                                                        Pop Art                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Wall                                                    

                                                        Figurative                                                    

                                                        Modern                                                    




                                                Subject                                            


                                                        Body                                                    

                                                        Still Life                                                    

                                                        Animal                                                    

                                                        Architecture                                                    

                                                        Geometric                                                    




                                                Medium                                            


                                                        Metal                                                    

                                                        Bronze                                                    

                                                        Clay                                                    

                                                        Glass                                                    

                                                        Wood                                                    








                                                Featured Collages                                            





                                                Style                                            


                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Pop Art                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Surrealism                                                    

                                                        Street Art                                                    




                                                Subject                                            


                                                        Fashion                                                    

                                                        Celebrity                                                    

                                                        Nature                                                    

                                                        Geometric                                                    

                                                        Landscape                                                    




                                                Medium                                            


                                                        Paper                                                    

                                                        Photo                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    

                                                        Paint                                                    

                                                        Fabric                                                    








                                                Featured Prints                                            





                                                Style                                            


                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Art Deco                                                    

                                                        Pop Art                                                    

                                                        Folk Art                                                    




                                                Subject                                            


                                                        Floral                                                    

                                                        Animal                                                    

                                                        Fashion                                                    

                                                        Beach                                                    

                                                        Geometric                                                    




                                                Medium                                            


                                                        Photo                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    

                                                        Watercolor                                                    

                                                        Canvas                                                    

                                                        Posters                                                    








                                                Featured Collections                                            






                                                        Collections                                                    

                                                        Shows                                                    

                                                        Contests                                                    

                                                        Catalog                                                    





                                                        Invest In Art                                                    

                                                        One To Watch Artists                                                    

                                                        Inside The Studio                                                    

                                                        Gift Guide                                                    












Art
Artist
Collection
























                                Sign In                                                            



                                Register                                                            



                                Paintings                                                                    





                                        Paintings                                      




                                                    Featured Paintings                                                




                                                Style                                            

                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Modern                                                    

                                                        Street Art                                                    

                                                        Pop Art                                                    



                                                Subject                                            

                                                        Portrait                                                    

                                                        Landscape                                                    

                                                        Still Life                                                    

                                                        Nature                                                    

                                                        Beach                                                    



                                                Medium                                            

                                                        Oil                                                    

                                                        Watercolor                                                    

                                                        Acrylic                                                    

                                                        Airbrush                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    





                                Photography                                                                    





                                        Photography                                      




                                                    Featured Photography                                                




                                                Style                                            

                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Portraiture                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Documentary                                                    

                                                        Conceptual                                                    



                                                Subject                                            

                                                        Landscape                                                    

                                                        Portrait                                                    

                                                        Nature                                                    

                                                        Still Life                                                    

                                                        Nude                                                    



                                                Medium                                            

                                                        Digital                                                    

                                                        Black and White                                                    

                                                        Color                                                    

                                                        C-type                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    





                                Drawings                                                                    





                                        Drawings                                      




                                                    Featured Drawings                                                




                                                Style                                            

                                                        Graffiti                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Pop Art                                                    

                                                        Surrealism Art                                                    



                                                Subject                                            

                                                        Nature                                                    

                                                        Portrait                                                    

                                                        Animal                                                    

                                                        Love                                                    

                                                        Cartoon                                                    



                                                Medium                                            

                                                        Pencil                                                    

                                                        Charcoal                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    

                                                        Ink                                                    

                                                        Pastel                                                    





                                Sculpture                                                                    





                                        Sculpture                                      




                                                    Featured Sculptures                                                




                                                Style                                            

                                                        Pop Art                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Wall                                                    

                                                        Figurative                                                    

                                                        Modern                                                    



                                                Subject                                            

                                                        Body                                                    

                                                        Still Life                                                    

                                                        Animal                                                    

                                                        Architecture                                                    

                                                        Geometric                                                    



                                                Medium                                            

                                                        Metal                                                    

                                                        Bronze                                                    

                                                        Clay                                                    

                                                        Glass                                                    

                                                        Wood                                                    





                                Collage                                                                    





                                        Collage                                      




                                                    Featured Collages                                                




                                                Style                                            

                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Pop Art                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Surrealism                                                    

                                                        Street Art                                                    



                                                Subject                                            

                                                        Fashion                                                    

                                                        Celebrity                                                    

                                                        Nature                                                    

                                                        Geometric                                                    

                                                        Landscape                                                    



                                                Medium                                            

                                                        Paper                                                    

                                                        Photo                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    

                                                        Paint                                                    

                                                        Fabric                                                    





                                Prints                                                                    





                                        Prints                                      




                                                    Featured Prints                                                




                                                Style                                            

                                                        Fine Art                                                    

                                                        Abstract                                                    

                                                        Art Deco                                                    

                                                        Pop Art                                                    

                                                        Folk Art                                                    



                                                Subject                                            

                                                        Floral                                                    

                                                        Animal                                                    

                                                        Fashion                                                    

                                                        Beach                                                    

                                                        Geometric                                                    



                                                Medium                                            

                                                        Photo                                                    

                                                        Digital                                                    

                                                        Watercolor                                                    

                                                        Canvas                                                    

                                                        Posters                                                    





                                Features                                                                    





                                        Features                                      




                                                    Featured Collections                                                




                                                        Collections                                                    

                                                        Shows                                                    

                                                        Contests                                                    

                                                        Catalog                                                    



                                                        Invest In Art                                                    

                                                        One To Watch Artists                                                    

                                                        Inside The Studio                                                    

                                                        Gift Guide                                                    





                                Blog                                                            



                                Art Advisory                                                            































Art



Art
Artist
Collection







 

The World’s Leading Online Art Gallery
Discover new work by emerging artists from around the world
Explore the New Originals
"SH_1745," Mixed Media on Canvas, 47.2 x 39.4 in Stefan Hänni, Switzerland














Art Selected by our Curators
Discover new original artwork from around the world











See What's New This Week	
Selected by our Chief Curator	
View the Collection









Invest In Art: Spring 2017
12 Rising Art Stars 
Meet the Artists









Featured Collection
Underwater Painting and Photography
View the Collection







Browse Art for Sale by Price






Artworks up to
                        $500
View Artworks





Artworks
                        $500 — $1000
View Artworks







Artworks
                        $1000 — $2000
View Artworks





Artworks
                        $2000 — $5000
View Artworks





Artworks
                        $5000 — $10000
View Artworks






Stories from Canvas
Visit Saatchi Art’s magazine to learn about emerging artists and news from the art world











One to Watch 
Natasha Conway, Ireland
View More









Art History 101 
What is Feminist Art?
View More









Decor Inspo 
Gallery Wall Alternatives 
View More









Inside the Studio
Claudia Grutke
View More








New Artwork For Sale
Browse the latest original art. Updated every hour.


See More




















Selfie 3

Painting, 27.6  H x  19.7  W x  2  in


Dragomir Misina

United Kingdom





                                                            $1,520                                                    





















man at the window # 2

Collage, 11.8  H x  8.3  W x  0.1  in


Pascal Marlin

France





                                                            $350                                                    




                                                            Prints from $135                                                    





















Duck XV

Painting, 11.8  H x  11.8  W x  0.8  in


Jeroen Allart

Netherlands





                                                            $560                                                    





















This is Beverly Cinema

Painting, 16.5  H x  11.8  W x  0.4  in


Fabio Coruzzi

United States





                                                            $315                                                    




                                                            Prints from $180                                                    





















Aldebaran

Sculpture, 11.8  H x  11.8  W x  2.8  in


Daniel A du Preez

South Africa





                                                            $1,479                                                    





















the feeling

Drawing, 23.6  H x  16.5  W x  0.1  in


LOUI JOVER

Australia





                                                            $425                                                    




                                                            Prints from $105                                                    











Recently Sold Artwork
See what's selling to collectors all over the world.


See More









sold



Ghostly Chagrin


Matthew Dibble




$5,070










sold



March Evening on the River


Owen Hunt




$345










sold



Barbary Lion oil sketch


Lauren Bissell




$190










sold



Octopus No2


Jelena Papović




$690










sold



Dom Pop #2 (Ed. 3 of 6)


Campbell La Pun




$1,390










sold



that hour


Ion Vacareanu




$275










sold



Sun Loves Moon


Carla Ciuffo




$1,180










sold



Old Mother


Miloš Hronec




$175










sold



The Illusion Of Free Will


DANIEL STROUP




$745










sold



Through the glass


Cynthia Gregorová




$990










Browse Art for Sale by Style





All About Abstract
                    New Geometric Works
View Artworks




The Contemporary Nude
                    New Figurative Art
View Artworks






Suddenly Surreal
                    Contemporary Takes on Surrealism
View Artworks




Inspired by Hans Hofmann
                        New Abstract Expressionism
View Artworks




Inspired by Warhol
                        New Pop Art
View Artworks







Browse Art for Sale by Category





Different Strokes
                    Contemporary Paintings
View Artworks




A Fine Line
                        Contemporary Drawings
View Artworks







New Shoots
                        Contemporary
                        Photography
View Artworks




New On the Block
                        Contemporary
                        Sculpture
View Artworks




Paper Goods
                        Contemporary
                        Collage
View Artworks




Trustpilot



















Safari 5.x and below is not supported on Saatchi Art.
Please see "How to install Safari 6"
                (minimum requirements, Mac OS X Lion v10.7.5). You may also try Chrome
                or Firefox.








Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started


















v



























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







