



welcome to ascena retail group, inc.










































 
We are a family of brands that respects and serves women and girls.
ascena retail group, inc. (NASDAQ: ASNA) is a leading national specialty retailer offering apparel, shoes, and accessories for women under the Ann Taylor, LOFT, Lou & Grey, Lane Bryant, maurices, dressbarn and Catherines brands, and for tween girls under the Justice brand. ascena retail group, inc. operates ecommerce websites and over 4,800 stores throughout the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico. 
For more information about ascena retail group, inc. visit: ascenaretail.com, AnnTaylor.com, LOFT.com, louandgrey.com, lanebryant.com, cacique.com, maurices.com, dressbarn.com, catherines.com, and shopjustice.com.
 










contact us | privacy | equal employment opportunity
© 2017 ascena retail group inc.









welcome to ascena retail group, inc.










































 
We are a family of brands that respects and serves women and girls.
ascena retail group, inc. (NASDAQ: ASNA) is a leading national specialty retailer offering apparel, shoes, and accessories for women under the Ann Taylor, LOFT, Lou & Grey, Lane Bryant, maurices, dressbarn and Catherines brands, and for tween girls under the Justice brand. ascena retail group, inc. operates ecommerce websites and over 4,800 stores throughout the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico. 
For more information about ascena retail group, inc. visit: ascenaretail.com, AnnTaylor.com, LOFT.com, louandgrey.com, lanebryant.com, cacique.com, maurices.com, dressbarn.com, catherines.com, and shopjustice.com.
 










contact us | privacy | equal employment opportunity
© 2017 ascena retail group inc.









welcome to ascena retail group, inc.










































 
We are a family of brands that respects and serves women and girls.
ascena retail group, inc. (NASDAQ: ASNA) is a leading national specialty retailer offering apparel, shoes, and accessories for women under the Ann Taylor, LOFT, Lou & Grey, Lane Bryant, maurices, dressbarn and Catherines brands, and for tween girls under the Justice brand. ascena retail group, inc. operates ecommerce websites and over 4,800 stores throughout the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico. 
For more information about ascena retail group, inc. visit: ascenaretail.com, AnnTaylor.com, LOFT.com, louandgrey.com, lanebryant.com, cacique.com, maurices.com, dressbarn.com, catherines.com, and shopjustice.com.
 










contact us | privacy | equal employment opportunity
© 2017 ascena retail group inc.





 



welcome to ascena retail group, inc.





















    our brands







                In 1962, Roslyn Jaffe, mother of three opened the first dressbarn store on Stamford, CT.  At a time when women were wholly underrepresented in the workplace, Roslyn dared not only to work, but also to launch a new era in women's fashion. Designer label wool pencil skirts, sheer blouses, flares, furs, and leather coats were all the rage. And Roslyn offered her customers the very latest in women's designer styles. A year later the second dressbarn store was opened. 
                






                The maurices story began in 1931 with E. Maurice Labovitz opening a single store in Duluth, Minnesota.  Today, maurices is part of the Ascena Retail Group, Inc. family and has grown to over 750 stores in 44 states across the country.    





  
                Headquartered in New Albany, Ohio, Tween Brands is the largest premier 
                tween specialty retailer in the world. Through our Justice brand, Tween 
                Brands provides the hottest fashion merchandise and accessories for tween 
                (age 7-14) girls. 
                






                In 1900, Lena Bryant founded Lane Bryant in New York as the first women's apparel retailer in America devoted exclusively to plus-sizes.  
                Today, Lane Bryant is the most recognized name in women's specialty plus-size clothing. Its emphasis on fashion and fit - not merely size - 
                makes Lane Bryant a style leader and the premier destination in its category, offering fashionable items from casual to 
                wear-to-work outfits as well as accessories and shoes.   
                






                Long before it became fashionable to cater to full-figured women, an enterprising woman named Catherine Weaver opened a small clothing 
                boutique in Memphis. The year was 1960. Today with more than 400 locations nationwide-along with catherines.com-the Catherines brand 
                serves a unique niche in the marketplace, offering beautiful fashions and intimates in hard-to-find extended sizes and a proprietary fit customers love. 
                






                Ann Taylor began with a vision in 1954: to dress the modern American woman. As she's evolved, so have we, staying one step ahead to bring her a wardrobe of possibilities.
                






                LOFT creates modern, feminine and versatile clothing for a wide range of women with one common style goal: to look and feel confident, wherever the day takes them. From everyday essentials to attainable trends, LOFT serves up head-to-toe outfits and perfect pieces at an incredible value which makes getting dressed feel effortless.
                






                Lou & Grey is an exciting evolution of the LOFT lounge collection, and a new movement in women's retail based around a thoughtfully designed and edited collection of easygoing, texture-rich styles for every day.
                







our brands


            Ann Taylor began with a vision in 1954: to dress the modern American woman. As she's evolved, so have we, staying one step ahead to bring her a wardrobe of possibilities.
            



            Long before it became fashionable to cater to full-figured women, an enterprising woman named Catherine Weaver opened a small clothing 
            boutique in Memphis. The year was 1960. Today with more than 400 locations nationwide-along with catherines.com-the Catherines brand 
            serves a unique niche in the marketplace, offering beautiful fashions and intimates in hard-to-find extended sizes and a proprietary fit customers love. 
            



            In 1962, Roslyn Jaffe, mother of three opened the first dressbarn store on Stamford, CT.  At a time when women were wholly underrepresented in the workplace, Roslyn dared not only to work, but also to launch a new era in women's fashion. Designer label wool pencil skirts, sheer blouses, flares, furs, and leather coats were all the rage. And Roslyn offered her customers the very latest in women's designer styles. A year later the second dressbarn store was opened. 
            


  
            Headquartered in New Albany, Ohio, Tween Brands is the largest premier 
            tween specialty retailer in the world. Through our Justice brand, Tween 
            Brands provides the hottest fashion merchandise and accessories for tween 
            (age 7-14) girls. 
            



            In 1900, Lena Bryant founded Lane Bryant in New York as the first women's apparel retailer in America devoted exclusively to plus-sizes.  
            Today, Lane Bryant is the most recognized name in women's specialty plus-size clothing. Its emphasis on fashion and fit - not merely size - 
            makes Lane Bryant a style leader and the premier destination in its category, offering fashionable items from casual to 
            wear-to-work outfits as well as accessories and shoes.   
            



            LOFT creates modern, feminine and versatile clothing for a wide range of women with one common style goal: to look and feel confident, wherever the day takes them. From everyday essentials to attainable trends, LOFT serves up head-to-toe outfits and perfect pieces at an incredible value which makes getting dressed feel effortless.
            



            Lou & Grey is an exciting evolution of the LOFT lounge collection, and a new movement in women's retail based around a thoughtfully designed and edited collection of easygoing, texture-rich styles for every day.
            



            The maurices story began in 1931 with E. Maurice Labovitz opening a single store in Duluth, Minnesota.  Today, maurices is part of the Ascena Retail Group, Inc. family and has grown to over 750 stores in 44 states across the country.   
            



In January of 2011, a new holding company was formed: Ascena Retail Group, Inc., and shares of ascena common stock began trading on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol "ASNA".  The introduction of 'ascena' led to the questions: What's in a name? And, what does ascena stand for?  ascena is about ascending to new heights.







contact us | privacy | equal employment opportunity
© 2017 ascena retail group inc.









welcome to ascena retail group, inc.





















  for investors
  



Your browser does not support this content.





contact us | privacy | equal employment opportunity
© 2017 ascena retail group inc.










welcome to ascena retail group, inc.





















  contact us
  





Mail
ascena retail group, inc.
	    Attn: Investor Relations
          933 MacArthur Blvd
          Mahwah, NJ 07430


Telephone

	For questions: 551-777-6700





Email
Click here for Investor Relations inquiries.
Click here for Media inquiries.
Click here for all other inquiries.






contact us | privacy | equal employment opportunity
© 2017 ascena retail group inc.









welcome to ascena retail group, inc.





















  shared services careers
  








contact us | privacy | equal employment opportunity
© 2017 ascena retail group inc.










welcome to ascena retail group, inc.





















  news
  



Your browser does not support this content.





contact us | privacy | equal employment opportunity
© 2017 ascena retail group inc.










dressbarn vendor download center











  for vendors
  







contact us | privacy
© 2014 dressbarn






 



welcome to ascena retail group, inc.





















    our brands







                In 1962, Roslyn Jaffe, mother of three opened the first dressbarn store on Stamford, CT.  At a time when women were wholly underrepresented in the workplace, Roslyn dared not only to work, but also to launch a new era in women's fashion. Designer label wool pencil skirts, sheer blouses, flares, furs, and leather coats were all the rage. And Roslyn offered her customers the very latest in women's designer styles. A year later the second dressbarn store was opened. 
                






                The maurices story began in 1931 with E. Maurice Labovitz opening a single store in Duluth, Minnesota.  Today, maurices is part of the Ascena Retail Group, Inc. family and has grown to over 750 stores in 44 states across the country.    





  
                Headquartered in New Albany, Ohio, Tween Brands is the largest premier 
                tween specialty retailer in the world. Through our Justice brand, Tween 
                Brands provides the hottest fashion merchandise and accessories for tween 
                (age 7-14) girls. 
                






                In 1900, Lena Bryant founded Lane Bryant in New York as the first women's apparel retailer in America devoted exclusively to plus-sizes.  
                Today, Lane Bryant is the most recognized name in women's specialty plus-size clothing. Its emphasis on fashion and fit - not merely size - 
                makes Lane Bryant a style leader and the premier destination in its category, offering fashionable items from casual to 
                wear-to-work outfits as well as accessories and shoes.   
                






                Long before it became fashionable to cater to full-figured women, an enterprising woman named Catherine Weaver opened a small clothing 
                boutique in Memphis. The year was 1960. Today with more than 400 locations nationwide-along with catherines.com-the Catherines brand 
                serves a unique niche in the marketplace, offering beautiful fashions and intimates in hard-to-find extended sizes and a proprietary fit customers love. 
                






                Ann Taylor began with a vision in 1954: to dress the modern American woman. As she's evolved, so have we, staying one step ahead to bring her a wardrobe of possibilities.
                






                LOFT creates modern, feminine and versatile clothing for a wide range of women with one common style goal: to look and feel confident, wherever the day takes them. From everyday essentials to attainable trends, LOFT serves up head-to-toe outfits and perfect pieces at an incredible value which makes getting dressed feel effortless.
                






                Lou & Grey is an exciting evolution of the LOFT lounge collection, and a new movement in women's retail based around a thoughtfully designed and edited collection of easygoing, texture-rich styles for every day.
                







our brands


            Ann Taylor began with a vision in 1954: to dress the modern American woman. As she's evolved, so have we, staying one step ahead to bring her a wardrobe of possibilities.
            



            Long before it became fashionable to cater to full-figured women, an enterprising woman named Catherine Weaver opened a small clothing 
            boutique in Memphis. The year was 1960. Today with more than 400 locations nationwide-along with catherines.com-the Catherines brand 
            serves a unique niche in the marketplace, offering beautiful fashions and intimates in hard-to-find extended sizes and a proprietary fit customers love. 
            



            In 1962, Roslyn Jaffe, mother of three opened the first dressbarn store on Stamford, CT.  At a time when women were wholly underrepresented in the workplace, Roslyn dared not only to work, but also to launch a new era in women's fashion. Designer label wool pencil skirts, sheer blouses, flares, furs, and leather coats were all the rage. And Roslyn offered her customers the very latest in women's designer styles. A year later the second dressbarn store was opened. 
            


  
            Headquartered in New Albany, Ohio, Tween Brands is the largest premier 
            tween specialty retailer in the world. Through our Justice brand, Tween 
            Brands provides the hottest fashion merchandise and accessories for tween 
            (age 7-14) girls. 
            



            In 1900, Lena Bryant founded Lane Bryant in New York as the first women's apparel retailer in America devoted exclusively to plus-sizes.  
            Today, Lane Bryant is the most recognized name in women's specialty plus-size clothing. Its emphasis on fashion and fit - not merely size - 
            makes Lane Bryant a style leader and the premier destination in its category, offering fashionable items from casual to 
            wear-to-work outfits as well as accessories and shoes.   
            



            LOFT creates modern, feminine and versatile clothing for a wide range of women with one common style goal: to look and feel confident, wherever the day takes them. From everyday essentials to attainable trends, LOFT serves up head-to-toe outfits and perfect pieces at an incredible value which makes getting dressed feel effortless.
            



            Lou & Grey is an exciting evolution of the LOFT lounge collection, and a new movement in women's retail based around a thoughtfully designed and edited collection of easygoing, texture-rich styles for every day.
            



            The maurices story began in 1931 with E. Maurice Labovitz opening a single store in Duluth, Minnesota.  Today, maurices is part of the Ascena Retail Group, Inc. family and has grown to over 750 stores in 44 states across the country.   
            



In January of 2011, a new holding company was formed: Ascena Retail Group, Inc., and shares of ascena common stock began trading on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol "ASNA".  The introduction of 'ascena' led to the questions: What's in a name? And, what does ascena stand for?  ascena is about ascending to new heights.







contact us | privacy | equal employment opportunity
© 2017 ascena retail group inc.







Ascena Retail Group, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 6:13 AM ET
Specialty Retail

Company Overview of Ascena Retail Group, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Ascena Retail Group, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates as a specialty retailer of apparel, shoes, and accessories for women and tween girls in the United States, Canada, and Puerto Rico. The company operates through six segments: ANN, Justice, Lane Bryant, maurices, dressbarn, and Catherines. It creates, designs, and develops a range of merchandise, including apparel, accessories, footwear, and intimates; lifestyle products comprising cosmetics, bedroom furnishings, and electronics; and wear-to-work, casual sportswear, footwear, and social occasion apparel. The company also offers casual clothing, career wear, dressy apparel, and active wear, as well as special occasion and classic ap...
Ascena Retail Group, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates as a specialty retailer of apparel, shoes, and accessories for women and tween girls in the United States, Canada, and Puerto Rico. The company operates through six segments: ANN, Justice, Lane Bryant, maurices, dressbarn, and Catherines. It creates, designs, and develops a range of merchandise, including apparel, accessories, footwear, and intimates; lifestyle products comprising cosmetics, bedroom furnishings, and electronics; and wear-to-work, casual sportswear, footwear, and social occasion apparel. The company also offers casual clothing, career wear, dressy apparel, and active wear, as well as special occasion and classic apparel. Its principal brands comprise ANN TAYLOR, LOFT, ANN TAYLOR LOFT, LOU & GREY, JUSTICE, LANE BRYANT, LANE BRYANT OUTLET, CACIQUE, RIGHT FIT, MAURICES, DRESSBARN, CATHERINES, CATHERINES PLUS SIZES, MAGGIE BARNES, LIZ&ME, SERENADA, DRESSBAR, 6th & LANE, and MAURICES IN MOTION. As of July 30, 2016, the company operated approximately 4,900 stores. It also offers its products through its Websites, including anntaylor.com, LOFT.com, louandgrey.com, shopjustice.com, lanebryant.com, cacique.com, maurices.com, dressbarn.com, and catherines.com. The company was formerly known as Dress Barn, Inc. and changed its name to Ascena Retail Group, Inc. in January 2011. Ascena Retail Group, Inc. was founded in 1962 and is based in Mahwah, New Jersey.
Detailed Description


933 MacArthur BoulevardMahwah, NJ 07430United StatesFounded in 196216,000 Employees



Phone: 551-777-6700

www.ascenaretail.com







Key Executives for Ascena Retail Group, Inc.




Mr. David R. Jaffe


      	Chairman of the Board, President & CEO 
      


Age: 58
        

Total Annual Compensation: $1.0M








Mr. Robert Giammatteo


      	Executive VP & CFO
      


Age: 45
        

Total Annual Compensation: $509.6K








Mr. John Pershing


      	Executive VP & Chief HR Officer 
      


Age: 47
        

Total Annual Compensation: $557.8K








Mr. Duane D. Holloway


      	Executive VP, General Counsel & Assistant Secretary
      


Total Annual Compensation: $215.4K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Ascena Retail Group, Inc. Key Developments

Ascena Retail Group, Inc. Presents at NRF Protect 2017 Loss Prevention Conference & EXPO, Jun-26-2017
Jun 26 17
Ascena Retail Group, Inc. Presents at NRF Protect 2017 Loss Prevention Conference & EXPO, Jun-26-2017 . Venue: Gaylord National Harbor Hotel, Washington, United States.


Ascena Retrail Group to Close Up to 650 Clothing Stores
Jun 11 17
Ascena Retrail Group announced between 250 and 650 retail stores including Ann Taylor, Dress Barn, Loft and Lane Bryant are closing. The locations are closing over the next two years and also include Justice, Maurices and Catherines. It's unclear how many of each specific brand are expected to close, though 250 locations will definitely close. Up to 400 others are also being considered for shuttering.


ascena retail group, inc. Announces Executive Appointments
Jun 8 17
ascena retail group, inc. announced that, after an extensive search, Marc Lasry and Stacey Rauch have been appointed as members of company's Board of Directors, effective immediately. Marc Lasry re-joins the Board, having previously served as a member of the Board from February 2004 until October 2006. Since 1995, Mr. Lasry has served as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder of Avenue Capital Group. Mr. Lasry is currently a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and has served on the boards of advisors or directors of both for-profit and not-for-profit public and private companies. Stacey Rauch joins the Board with extensive experience in retail, strategy, marketing, merchandising, global expansion and multi-channel management. Ms. Rauch is a Director Emeritus of McKinsey and Company (“McKinsey”) where she was a leader in McKinsey’s Retail and Consumer Goods Practices, served as the head of the North American Retail and Apparel Practice, and acted as the Global Retail Practice Convener. Ms. Rauch also has noteworthy board experience, including her former membership on the ANN INC. board and her current roles as non-executive Chairman of the board of directors of Fiesta Restaurant Group, Inc. and non-executive director of Land Securities, PLC, where she sits on its Audit and Nomination Committees.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 #1 Cochran, Inc. United States #1 Cycle Center, Inc. United States 1 Stop Electronics Center, Inc. United States 10 West Motorsports, Inc. United States 100MAC, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Ascena Retail Group, Inc., please visit www.ascenaretail.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close











































Ascena Retail Group Inc. (ASNA) Soars 9.8% on July 25 | Equities.com


























































BREAKING NEWS


Previous


Next






                  ​Meet the World's First Robo-Lawyer for Real Estate Investing                





                  Why “Buy American, Hire American” May Backfire                





                  ​Sealed Air: Bubble Wrap to Vacuum Packs                





                  The Top 10 U.S. Cities For Women-Owned Businesses                





                  ''I’m Signed Up For The Tesla Model 3—But I Have No Intention Of Buying It''                











US/Global
Canada
















News




Log in






Login to your account










Log in




  			Remember Me  		

Forgot your password?

Forgot your username?

























Register



















































			News		


		Ascena Retail Group Inc. (ASNA) Soars 9.8% on July 25	

Equities Staff


						Follow					
											|
				Tuesday, 25 July 2017 17:09 (EST)










		Market Summary
	
 Follow 





Ascena Retail Group Inc. is a A specialty retailer of apparel




Last Price
					$ 2.24				

Last Trade

						Jul/25 - 16:00					




Change
					$ 0.20					

Change Percent
					9.80 %
				



Open
					$ 2.05				

Prev Close
					$ 2.04				



High
					$ 2.34				

low
					$ 2.05				



52 Week High
					$ 9.12				

52 Week Low
					$ 1.65				



Market Cap
					436,887,049				

PE Ratio
					0.53				



Volume
					2,348,072				

Exchange
					NGS				



ASNA - Market Data & News
ASNA - Stock Valuation Report
 Trade 

Ascena Retail Group Inc. (ASNA) had a good day on the market for Tuesday July 25 
as 
shares jumped 9.8% to close at $2.24. About 2.33 million shares traded hands on 9,203 trades for the day, compared with an average daily volume of 
3.63 million shares out of a total float of 195.04 million. After opening the trading day at $2.05, shares of Ascena Retail Group Inc. stayed within a range of $2.34 to 
$2.05.


    With today's gains, Ascena Retail Group Inc. now has a market cap of
    $436.89 million.  Shares of Ascena Retail Group Inc. have been trading within a range of $9.12 
and $1.65 over the last year, and it had a 50-day SMA of $2.12 and a 200-day SMA of $4.37.


Ascena Retail Group Inc, through its subsidiaries, operates as a specialty retailer of apparel for women and tween girls and boys. The Company offers apparel, accessories, footwear, and lifestyle products, such as bedroom furnishings and electronics.

Ascena Retail Group Inc. is based out of Mahwah, NJ and has some 66,000 employees. Its CEO is .


For a complete fundamental analysis of Ascena Retail Group Inc., check out Equities.com’s Stock Valuation Analysis report for 
ASNA.

Want to invest with the experts? Subscribe to Equities Premium newsletters today! Visit http://www.equitiespremium.com/ to learn 
more about Guild Investment’s Market Commentary  and Adam Sarhan’s Find 
Leading Stocks  today. 
Ascena Retail Group Inc. is also a component of the Russell 2000. The Russell 2000 is one of the leading indices tracking small-cap companies in the United States. It's maintained by  Russell 
Investments, an industry leader in creating and maintaining indices, and consists of the smallest 2000 stocks from the broader Russell 3000 index.


Russell's indices differ from traditional indices like the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) or S&P 500, whose members are selected by committee, because they base membership entirely on an 
objective, rules based methodology. The 3,000 largest companies by market cap make up the Russell 3000, with the 2,000 smaller companies making up the Russell 2000. It's a simple approach that gives 
a broad, unbiased look at the small-cap market as a whole.


To get more information on Ascena Retail Group Inc. and to follow the company’s latest updates, you can visit the company’s profile page here:  
ASNA’s Profile. For more news on the financial markets and emerging growth companies, be sure to visit Equities.com’s 
Newsdesk. Also, don’t forget to sign-up for our daily 
email newsletter to ensure you don’t miss out on any of our best stories. 

All data provided by QuoteMedia and was accurate as of 4:30PM ET. 

  
DISCLOSURE:
					The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the authors, and do not represent the views of equities.com. Readers should not consider statements made by the author as formal recommendations and should consult their financial advisor before making any investment decisions. To read our full disclosure, please go to: http://www.equities.com/disclaimer



Comments






You have to be logged in to leave a comment.
Take me to log in
Don't have an account?









×
You must log in first


I'm sorry, but in order to complete what you're trying to do, you must be logged in.


Take me to log in
Don't have an account?
I'm good for now







 
More on Equities.com



BANC OF CALIFORNIA, INC. FILES (8-K) Disclosing Results of Operations and Financial Condition, Financial Statements and Exhibits


Branded Prescription Drug Fee


Title 3--The President - Assessing and Strengthening the Manufacturing and Defense Industrial Base and Supply Chain Resiliency of the United States














Trending Articles



​Aftermaster (AFTM) Announces Three Consecutive Quarters of Strong Sales




​NXT-ID’s Fit Pay Adding Secure Shine to New Token Smart Rings




​MGX Minerals (XMG:CNX) Flexes Its Diverse Portfolio




​California Green Tree Gives Investors Early Shot at Promising Cannabis Grower




Genocea Biosciences (GNCA): Positive Top Line Data for Genital Herpes Drug




​SinglePoint (SING) is Using Blockchain and Cryptocurrency Technologies to Transform Broken Markets





Emerging Growth


Viking Energy Group Inc


                Viking Investments Group Inc provides professional advisory and consulting services to companies undergoing or anticipating periods of rapid growth, change or ownership transition.            










Private Markets 


MyForce, Inc.


                As parents, we constantly worry about the safety of our loved ones.  The
 media bombards us with incidents from across the nation school 
shootings, frequent assaults on campuses, and crimes…            



GoCoin


                Blockchain currencies (e.g. Bitcoin) provide a new disruptive way to 
transfer value between parties over the internet as opposed to going 
through banks. GoCoin provides online merchants with a suite…            










Corporate SitePremium ProductsAdvertisingRSS Feeds




AboutContactSite MapTestimonials




Privacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsDisclaimerConference











© 2017 Equities
* All dates and time are being displayed in Eastern Standard Time (EST).






 








































×
Follow companies mentioned in this article:

 Follow 

      Ascena Retail Group Inc.    

 












Ascena Retail Group, Inc. (ASNA) Stake Increased by BlueCrest Capital Management Ltd































Home » 
Markets




Ascena Retail Group, Inc. (ASNA) Stake Increased by BlueCrest Capital Management Ltd




				 24 July, 2017,  16:57 | Author: Terri Saunders			













Sanders Morris Harris Inc. bought a new position in Ascena Retail Group during the first quarter valued at approximately $1,208,000. (NASDAQ:ASNA) recently saw its volume around 1.72 million shares and on average it trades 3.7 million shares a day. The firm owned 97,120 shares of the specialty retailer's stock after buying an additional 5,680 shares during the period. BlueCrest Capital Management Ltd's holdings in Ascena Retail Group were worth $155,000 as of its most recent SEC filing.A number of other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in ASNA. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans raised its position in Ascena Retail Group by 245.8% in the fourth quarter. Tudor Investment Corp ET AL now owns 106,800 shares of the specialty retailer's stock valued at $455,000 after buying an additional 49,072 shares in the last quarter. Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky now owns 57,300 shares of the specialty retailer's stock worth $355,000 after buying an additional 32,208 shares in the last quarter. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board raised its position in Ascena Retail Group by 247.3% in the first quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 607,988 shares of the specialty retailer's stock worth $3,764,000 after buying an additional 405,687 shares during the period. Bank of Montreal Can boosted its position in shares of Ascena Retail Group by 6,135.7% in the first quarter. Finally, Highbridge Capital Management LLC raised its position in Ascena Retail Group by 13,454.5% in the fourth quarter. Acquires 37,760 Shares of Ascena Retail Group, Inc. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 96.99% of the company's stock. (NASDAQ:ASNA) closed July 21 at $2.2, down -75.85% or $6.91 from its record high price of $9.11. Ascena Retail Grp Cmn (NASDAQ:ASNA) has a market cap of $468.52 Million and the number of outstanding shares have been calculated 199.37 Million. The share price has moved forward from its 20 days moving average, trading at a distance of 3.68% and stays 0.82% away from its 50 days moving average.Ascena Retail Group, Inc., launched on July 27, 2010, is a specialty retailer of apparel for women and tween girls.Ascena Retail Group (NASDAQ:ASNA) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, June 8th. The specialty retailer reported $0.05 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting analysts' consensus estimates of $0.05. The firm had revenue of $1.57 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts' expectations of $1.54 billion.
'Dunkirk' Tops Weekend Box Office As Costly 'Valerian' Bombs
					The studio was expecting weekend sales of more than $20 million, while analysts at BoxOfficePro.com forecast $27.5 million. Dunkirk has also entered the club of World War II movies with powerful debut at the box office, ranking third in the list.
					While having a peek at profitability ratios Ascena Retail Grp Cmn (NASDAQ:ASNA) has trailing twelve month gross margin at 58%, its trailing twelve month operating margin stands at -18.2% whereas its trailing twelve month net profit margin spots at -15.3%. Ascena Retail Group's revenue for the quarter was down 6.2% compared to the same quarter a year ago. Next quarter's EPS is forecasted to be $0.21 and the next full year EPS is anticipated to be $0.24. Now Ascena Retail Group, Inc.'s current price is $2.8 shy of the official highest sell-side analyst price target on Wall Street.ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: "Ameriprise Financial Inc".TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally published by Chaffey Breeze and is owned by of Chaffey Breeze. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and global copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this report can be accessed at https://www.baseball-news-blog.com/2017/07/23/thrivent-financial-for-lutherans-increases-position-in-ascena-retail-group-inc-nasdaqasna.html. Cowen and Company reissued a "market perform" rating and set a $2.00 target price (down from $6.00) on shares of Ascena Retail Group in a research report on Sunday, June 11th. ValuEngine lowered shares of Ascena Retail Group from a "buy" rating to a "hold" rating in a research note on Friday, June 2nd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Ascena Retail Group from a "hold" rating to a "sell" rating in a research note on Friday, June 9th. According to Thomson Reuters, sell-side analysts are predicting a consensus target price of $2.00 on company stock. Their average price target spell out an upbeat performance - a 50% and would give ASNA a market capitalization of almost $687.16M.Additionally, Ascena Retail Group, Inc.

 

Recommended:









24 July 2017




Rishi Kapoor blames Anurag Basu for Jagga Jasoos' failure
				As the film is out of nearly all cinema halls by now, Rishi Kapoor in an interview to a leading daily slammed Anurag Basu. You may be the biggest director in the world but nobody would like to work with you because you are irresponsible.			








24 July 2017




Here's How much Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk Earned At The Indian Box Office!
				Nolan's films, according to Box Office Mojo , have historically shown strong holds.  Valerian opened in 3,553 theaters, posting a middling $4,790 per-screen average.			








24 July 2017




What Is The Future Of Game Of Thrones?
				Tyrion (Peter Dinklange) is seen to say " Cersei will be ready.' While Lord Varys ( Conleth Hill ) says 'They know we're coming". Frankenstein (Qyburn) has built a weapon, a very big crossbow the size of my vehicle that could take out a dragon, or three .			








Encana Corporation (ECA) Cut to Hold at Royal Bank Of Canada
				On November 4 the company was set at "Outperform" in a report from RBC Capital a boost from the previous "Sector Perform" rating. BidaskClub upgraded Encana Corporation from a strong sell rating to a sell rating in a research note on Wednesday, June 14th.			








24 July 2017




Prabhas' next: This 1990s Bollywood actor a part of 'Saaho' now!
				Chunky Pandey in Saaho We heard that Bollywood actor Neil Nitin Mukesh would be seen in a negative role in the flick Saaho .  After basking in the success of " Baahubali 2: The Conclusion", Prabhas has started work on his next film " Saaho ".			








24 July 2017




Girl killed by passing vehicle  on Route 90 in Upton
				Meanwhile, a 2001 Chevrolet Tahoe SUV traveling on Interstate 90 started approaching the area where the vehicles had broken down. According to state police, two vehicles were westbound traveling to NY together, a 2011 Toyota Camry and a 1999 Jeep Wrangler.			










24 July 2017




Supreme Court restrains N Srinivasan, Niranjan Shah from attending BCCI SGM
				The Supreme Court will also reconsider one state one vote policy , which was one of the recommendations of the Lodha panel. To prevent Srinivasan and Shah from attending the SGM, SC says only office bearers of state associations can attend it.			








24 July 2017




Russian envoy, at heart of United States  investigations, ends tenure in Washington
				She says Mueller is an "individual with the utmost integrity" and he must be allowed to complete his investigation. Trump aides said the president is merely curious about his powers and the limits of Mueller's investigation.			








24 July 2017




KKR's Internet Brands buying WebMD in $2.8B deal
				Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS raised its stake in WebMD Health Corp by 0.7% in the first quarter. On June 3 the company was changed to a "Market Perform" by William Blair which was a cut from the previous "Outperform" rating.			










24 July 2017




Ex-press secretary defended Trump at all costs
				Spicer had a combative tenure as President Trump's chief spokesman, often clashing with reporters at his daily news briefings. He made up a bunch of nonsense about crowd sizes to please a boss who tallies his own personal value by crowd sizes.			








24 July 2017




Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Explosion Caught Live on Camera in India
				Arjun, a resident of Bangalore, Karanaka has claimed that his Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 suddenly caught fire while he was Inserting sim. To sweeten the whole deal, Xiaomi has teased some of the features that the MIUI 9 update will bring to your phone.			








24 July 2017




NEET question papers to be same in all languages
				Union Human Resource Development minister Prakash Javadekar has said, question paper for the all India medical entrance examination, NEET, for all languages will now be same.			





















Popular





Fidaa collects Rs 25 crore in its opening weekend

		Trade analyst told IANS, "It's the biggest opening for Kammula and hero Varun Tej in their respective careers". On the second day, the film collected Rs 8.3 crore and on the third, it collected Rs 9 crore worldwide.  
		

Victory for 'Dunkirk' and 'Girls Trip' at box office

		Notably, audiences gave it a stellar A-plus grade on CinemaScore, suggesting the film will have long-term playability.  Warner Bros also is releasing "Blade Runner 2049" and "Justice League" later this year.  
		

Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) Given a $80.00 Price Target at Stifel Nicolaus

		It increased, as 49 investors sold MSFT shares while 897 reduced holdings. 155 funds opened positions while 739 raised stakes. Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT ) has been given a $80.00 price target by Stifel Nicolaus in a report issued on Monday.  
		

Jason Garrett, Jerry Jones Back Ezekiel Elliott Amidst Offseason Turmoil

		The 22-year old has been under investigation stemming from an alleged domestic violence incident that happened over a year ago. I finally got the strength to be the strong woman I was and got myself out of a very toxic relationship. "Love yourself first.  
		

Pedro suffers concussion in Chelsea's 3-0 vs Arsenal

		Antonio Conte has heaped praise on new signing Alvaro Morata , and rejected the idea that he isn't as good as Romelu Lukaku. Conte said there was no ill-feeling towards Ospina.  
		

Microsoft's reveals early details of HoloLens 2.0

		Earlier we had seen reports of which said that Microsoft will be gearing up to launch its Hololens Headset for consumers in 2019 . That Microsoft is splashing the cash on making HoloLens a success is no secret, of course.  
		

Stock is down at $21.25 (MAT) Mattel Opens East Coast Distribution…

		This change led market cap to move at $7.31B, putting the price -37.76% below the 52-week high and 9.79% above the 52-week low. Lapides Asset Management Llc decreased Belden Inc (NYSE:BDC) stake by 44,500 shares to 244,700 valued at $18.30M in 2016Q4.  
		

Female BBC Stars Politely Demand Equal Pay for Equal Work

		Hall said, when the salary list was published, that the BBC needed to move more quickly on issues of gender and diversity. It is why I have made it a personal priority over the last four years as I want the BBC at the forefront of change.  
		

Mel Giedroyc and Sue Perkins set to present BBC Generation Game reboot

		Giedroyc and Perkins, who were on The Great British Bake Off until previous year when it was acquired by Channel 4, will...  Mel and Sue have expressed their excitement after being confirmed as the hosts of a new reboot of 'The Generation Game' .  
		

Och-Ziff Capital Management Group (OZM) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds

		The asset manager reported $0.07 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.02 by $0.05. Och-Ziff Capital Management Group (NYSE:OZM) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd.  
		







 


Latest






NY Buys 39866 Shares of Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. (CLF)




Taliban fighters attack police, capturing two districts




Kasey Kahne of Enumclaw ends 102-race drought at NASCAR's highest level




Ancelotti admits reported Man United target could leave




'Dunkirk' triumphs at weekend box office while 'Valerian' lands in 5th place




Fabregas predicts a harder road for Chelsea title defence




'Wonder Woman 2' Is Officially Happening, So Go Ahead And Get Hyped




Jaguar XJR575 REVEALED as the most powerful XJ EVER - Price £93710




Nithari killings: sentenced to death for businessman Moninder Singh Pandher, Surinder Koli




Warning about aggressive squirrel on attack in Prospect Park







Tendencies






Slight improvement as United Kingdom economy grows 0.3%




Devon Energy Corporation (DVN) Receives $50.22 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages




BMW to make new electric MINI in Oxford




SEC Concludes Initial Coin Offerings Are Securities




Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Has $1939000 Stake in Juniper Networks, Inc. (NYSE:JNPR)








 







  







Ascena Retail Group Inc. (NASDAQ:ASNA) : Articles :: Law360


































Search




Advanced Search

Take a Free Trial | 
					Sign In






















 Close


Law360 In-Depth
Law360 UK
Adv. Search & Platform Tools
Browse all sections 
Banking
Bankruptcy
Class Action
Competition
Employment
Energy
Expert Analysis
Insurance
Intellectual Property
Product Liability
Securities
Rankings
Law360's MVPs
Glass Ceiling Report
Global 20
Law360 400
Diversity Snapshot
Practice Group Partner Rankings
Practice Groups of the Year
Pro Bono Firms of the Year
Rising Stars
Trial Aces
Site Menu
Join the Law360 team
Search legal jobs
Learn more about Law360
Read testimonials
Contact Law360
Sign up for our newsletters
Site Map
Help













Ascena Retail Group Inc.


 News & Case Alert  on Ascena Retail Group...



Services » Apparel Stores » Ascena Retail Group Inc.







Alert me of new articles

Menu options for Ascena Retail Group Inc. 


Everything »
News & Analysis »
New Cases »
New PTAB Cases »
Case Activity »
Outside Counsel »


Sections


Asset Management (1)
Banking (2)
California (4)
Class Action (8)
Competition (2)
Consumer Protection (4)
Corporate (1)
Employment (1)
Hospitality (2)
Legal Industry (2)
Mergers & Acquisitions (6)
New Jersey (2)
New York (6)
Pennsylvania (2)
Private Equity (4)
Product Liability (2)
Retail & E-Commerce (14)
Securities (3)
Top News (1)







×
Search within the list below:







Name
Count






Continue
Cancel










×
Please assign a name to this alert






Save Alert
Cancel













Search News


















News (19)


July  7, 2016
Dooney & Bourke False Ad Suit Has Legs, Shoppers Say
... the many retailers facing a similar suit is Ascena Retail Group Inc., the parent company of Anne...


February 22, 2016
Zulily Accused Of Using Real Deals To Legitimize Fake Ones
.... of making customers falsely believe they’re receiving a bargain.

Ascena Retail Group Inc...


February 22, 2016
Ex-Dress Barn Employee Settles SEC Insider Trading Claims
... administrative claims against Nicholas Prezioso, a former assistant controller at Dress Barn subsidiary Ascena...


February 12, 2016
Burberry, Children's Place Sued Over Sham Outlet Prices
... Wednesday against a number of retailers over essentially identical claims.

Morrow has accused Ascena Retail...


February 11, 2016
Calvin Klein, Hilfiger Outlets Accused Of 'Phantom Markdowns'
... Diego accused Ascena Retail Group Inc., which owns Anne Taylor and Anne Taylor LOFT; children's clothing...


February  1, 2016
The Top In-House Hires Of January
... all corporate and finance activities in 2012.

Ascena Retail Group Inc. has named Duane Holloway...


January 22, 2016
Parent Of Ann Taylor, Lane Bryant Brings On New GC
..., including nine years at Caesars Entertainment Corp.

Women’s apparel giant Ascena Retail Group Inc...


January 13, 2016
Ex-Dress Barn Exec. Settles SEC Insider Trading Case
... information about the workwear retailer’s parent company, Ascena Retail Group Inc.

“Hackney was...


October  9, 2015
Lane Bryant Owner Ascena Signs $2.2M PE Stake Deal
... stake in Ascena Retail Group Inc., which owns women’s clothing brands Lane Bryant and Ann Taylor...


May 18, 2015
Lane Bryant Owner Pays $2.2B For Ann Taylor Parent Co.
...Ascena Retail Group Inc. has agreed to buy Ann Inc., the parent of Ann Taylor and Loft stores, for...


September 15, 2014
Ann Taylor Rebuffs Latest Activist Push For $3B Sale
... Gate Capital, Apax Partners, Bain Capital, Chico’s, J. Crew and Ascena Retail Group — the...


June 20, 2014
Pennsylvania Powerhouse: Drinker Biddle & Reath
... Lane Bryant, Catherines Plus Sizes and Fashion Bug, in its $890 million sale to rival Ascena Retail...


June 25, 2013
Visa, MasterCard Want Interchange Fee Fixing Suit Stayed 
...., Office Depot Inc., L Brands Inc., OfficeMax Inc., Abercrombie & Fitch Co., Big Lots Stores Inc., Ascena...


March 27, 2013
Rising Star: Schulte Roth & Zabel's John M. Pollack
... $890 million sale last year to Ascena Retail Group Inc.

"It was a fun transaction to represent a...


December  4, 2012
Target, Macy's, Others To Appeal $7.3B Swipe Fee Deal
....C. Penney Corp. Inc., The Gap Inc., Limited Brands Inc., Dillard’s Inc., Big Lots Stores Inc., Ascena...


August  7, 2012
Sycamore Seals $369M Talbots Buyout As Retail Stays Hot
... of plus-size retailer Lane Bryant, went to Ascena Retail Group Inc for $890 million, Denver...


May 24, 2012
Shareholder Says $890M Lane Bryant Sale A Lousy Fit
... 1st to merge with industry rival Ascena Retail Group Inc., prompting investor Judith Kaye Nadler to...


May  2, 2012
Proskauer Rose Aids Lane Bryant Buyer In $890M Deal
...Suffern, N.Y.-based Ascena Retail Group Inc. plans to pay $890 million for a rival company that...


January 26, 2012
Ex-Store Manager Hits Dress Barn With OT Action
... suitable seating on the job.

Dress Barn is owned by Ascena Retail Group Inc. It operates approximately 50...



	Show: 2050100200















×
Already have access? Click here to login



Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers
Register Now!




Get instant access to the one-stop news source for business lawyers













Email (Professional email required)






First Name



Last Name







PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.


Password (at least 6 characters required)



Confirm Password







Select at least one primary interest:


 Aerospace & Defense
										

 Appellate
										

 Asset Management
										

 Automotive
										

 Banking
										

 Bankruptcy
										

 California
										

 Capital Markets
										

 Class Action
										

 Commercial Contracts
										

 Competition
										

 Consumer Protection
										

 Corporate
										

 Cybersecurity & Privacy
										

 Delaware
										

 Employment
										

 Energy
										

 Environmental
										

 Financial Services Uk
										

 Florida
										

 Food & Beverage
										

 Government Contracts
										

 Health
										

 Hospitality
										

 Illinois
										

 Immigration
										

 Insurance
										

 Insurance Uk
										

 Intellectual Property
										

 International Arbitration
										

 International Trade
										

 Law360 In Depth
										

 Legal Ethics
										

 Life Sciences
										

 Media & Entertainment
										

 Medical Malpractice
										

 Mergers & Acquisitions
										

 Native American
										

 New Jersey
										

 New York
										

 Pennsylvania
										

 Private Equity
										

 Product Liability
										

 Project Finance
										

 Public Policy
										

 Real Estate
										

 Retail & E Commerce
										

 Securities
										

 Sports
										

 Tax
										

 Technology
										

 Telecommunications
										

 Texas
										

 Transportation
										

 Trials
										

 White Collar
										





Register




Already have access?




Email:



Password:

Forgot your password?


Remember login



Sign In



















Ascena Retail Group - Wikipedia





















 






Ascena Retail Group

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
  (Redirected from Ascena Retail Group, Inc.)

					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Ascena Retail Group Inc.


Let yourself shine.




Trading name

Dressbarn



Type

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: ASNA
S&P 600 Component


Industry
Retail (Women's clothing)


Predecessor
DressBarn


Founded
Stamford, Connecticut, U.S. (February 13, 1962)


Founder
Roslyn Jaffe


Headquarters
Mahwah, New Jersey, U.S.



Number of locations

3,900 (2014) [1]



Key people

Roslyn Jaffe, Founder
David R. Jaffe, President and CEO
[2] Elliot Jaffe, Chairman


Products
Women's clothing products (district stores for young women and older women)


Revenue
 US$ 6.995 billion (2016) [3]



Operating income

 US$ 94.6 million (2016) [4]



Net income

 US$ -11.9 million (2016)


Total assets
 US$ 5.506 billion (2016)


Total equity
 US$ 1.863 billion (2016)



Number of employees

16,000 (full time) (2016)[1]


Subsidiaries
Ann Taylor
Cacique
Catherines
DressBarn
Lane Bryant
Lou & Grey
Maurices
Loft
Justice


Website
www.ascenaretail.com


Ascena Retail Group, Inc. (formerly Dress Barn and doing business as Dressbarn) is an American retailer of women's clothing. Ascena also owns the Maurices, Justice, Lane Bryant, and Catherines clothing store brands, and is the parent company of Ann Inc., operator of Ann Taylor and Loft stores.
Chairman Elliot Jaffe and his wife and co-founder, Roslyn own about 25% of Ascena.



Contents


1 History
2 See also
3 References
4 External links



History[edit]
The first Dress Barn was opened in February 1962 in Stamford, Connecticut, by Roslyn Jaffe. Jaffe saw the opportunity to provide wear-to-work dresses and clothing for the working woman during a time in the U.S. when women were entering the workforce in greater numbers and there were few options for buying more stylish and affordable workplace women's clothing.
The company began trading on NASDAQ (symbol DBRN) in 1982. In January 2011, to reflect the company's broader holdings,[5] the company was reorganized as a Delaware corporation named Ascena Retail Group, Inc.[2] At this time the NASDAQ symbol was also changed to ASNA.[6]




Dress Barn, Green Oak Village Place


In 2009, Ascena Retail Group expanded into the girls' clothing market by purchasing Tween Brands, the owner of the Justice chain of 891 stores. Justice, which is aimed at girls between ages 7 and 14, is the effective successor of Limited Too, originally launched in 1987 by The Limited to serve the same market. In 1999, The Limited spun off Limited Too as a separate company. In 2004, Limited Too launched the Justice chain, aimed at a lower price point in the same market. Limited Too changed its name to Tween Brands in 2008, and the company had almost completely converted its remaining Limited Too stores to Justice stores at the time of the Ascena acquisition.
In November 2013, David Jaffe, president and chief executive officer of Ascena, announced Dressbarn was opening a New York design studio.[2] Also in November 2013, Judith Langley, who was executive vice president and chief merchandising officer at Charming Charlie’s, was appointed executive vice president and chief merchandising officer.[2] She replaced Keith Fulsher, who retired.[2]
On May 18, 2015, Ascena Group agreed to a $2.16 billion acquisition of Ann Inc., the parent company of clothing retailers Ann Taylor and Loft.[7] Ascena Group completed its acquisition of Ann Inc on August 21, 2015. Ann Inc. operates as an Ascena Group subsidiary.[8]
See also[edit]

List of companies in the United States
List of S&P 400 companies

References[edit]


^ a b "Ascena Retail Group Inc. (ASNA) Profile". Yahoo Finance. Retrieved 19 June 2014. 
^ a b c d e Moin, David (11 November 2013). "Judith Langley Named Dressbarn Merchandising Chief". WWD. Retrieved 12 November 2013. 
^ "Ascena Retail Group Inc. (ASNA) - Key Statistics". Yahoo Finance. Retrieved 19 June 2014. 
^ "ASNA: Income Statements". zacks.com. Retrieved 19 June 2014. 
^ "The Dress Barn, Inc. Completes Delaware Holding Company Reorganization into Ascena Retail Group, Inc.". Business Wire. January 3, 2011. Retrieved January 17, 2012. 
^ "Ascena Retail Group Inc. - Company Information". The New York Times. Retrieved January 17, 2012. 
^ "Ascena Buying Ann Taylor Parent For $2.16 Billion". Forbes. May 18, 2015. Retrieved August 25, 2015. 
^ "Ascena Retail Group completes approximately $2 billion acquisition of Ann". Fox Business. August 21, 2015. Retrieved August 25, 2015. 


External links[edit]

Ascena Group Official Website
dressbarn Official Website





 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ascena_Retail_Group&oldid=792352594"					
Categories: Clothing retailers of the United StatesAmerican companies established in 1962Companies based in New JerseyCompanies listed on NASDAQ1962 establishments in Connecticut 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


Français 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 26 July 2017, at 00:51.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 







Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA.O)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA.O)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerApparel & Accessories Retailers












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				ASNA.O on Nasdaq


				2.24USD
25 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.20


					            (+9.80%)
					        






Prev Close

$2.04


Open

$2.05




Day's High

$2.34


Day's Low

$2.05




Volume

2,348,072


Avg. Vol

3,611,606




52-wk High

$9.11


52-wk Low

$1.65












					Full Description



Ascena Retail Group, Inc., incorporated on July 27, 2010, is a specialty retailer of apparel for women and tween girls. The Company classifies its businesses into six segments: ANN, Justice, Lane Bryant, maurices, dressbarn and Catherines. As of July 30, 2016, the Company operated approximately 4,900 stores in 49 United States' states, the District of Columbia, Canada and Puerto Rico.ANNAs of July 30, 2016, the ANN segment had 1,022 specialty retail and outlet stores, e-commerce operations and various licensed franchises in international territories, which allow customers to shop in over 100 countries across the world. The ANN segment offers feminine classics and fashion choices, sold primarily under the Ann Taylor and LOFT brands. ANN focuses on providing a range of fashion and everyday essentials. ANN retail stores are located in mall locations, lifestyle centers and outlet centers.JusticeAs of July 30, 2016, the Justice segment had 937 specialty retail and outlet stores, e-commerce operations and various licensed franchises in international territories. The Justice brand offers apparel to girls who are aged 6 to 12. Justice creates, designs and develops its own Justice branded merchandise in-house. It offers a mix of apparel, accessories, footwear, intimates and lifestyle products, such as cosmetics, bedroom furnishings and electronics. Justice retail stores are located in mall locations, strip shopping centers, lifestyle centers and outlet centers.Lane BryantAs of July 30, 2016, the Lane Bryant segment had 772 specialty retail and outlet stores, and e-commerce operations. Lane Bryant is a brand name in plus-size fashion with stores concentrated in suburban and small towns, offering apparel to female customers in plus-sizes 14-28 through its namesake and Cacique private labels, along with select national brands. Its merchandise assortment offerings include intimate apparel, wear-to-work and casual sportswear, accessories, select footwear and social occasion apparel. Lane Bryant retail stores are located in mall locations, strip shopping centers, lifestyle centers and outlet centers.mauricesAs of July 30, 2016, the maurices segment had 993 specialty retail and outlet stores, and e-commerce operations. maurices stores are concentrated in small markets (approximately 25,000 to 150,000 people), and cater to local market preferences through a merchandise assortment that is refined to reflect individual store demands. The maurices product line encompasses women's casual clothing, career wear, dressy apparel, active wear and accessories.dressbarnAs of July 30, 2016, the dressbarn segment had 809 specialty retail and outlet stores, and e-commerce operations. The dressbarn segment consists of the specialty retail, outlet and e-commerce operations of the dressbarn brand. dressbarn retail stores are located primarily in strip shopping centers in various trading and high-density markets and in surrounding suburban areas.CatherinesAs of July 30, 2016, the Catherines segment had 373 specialty retail stores and e-commerce operations, offering a range of plus sizes (16-34) and extended sizes (28-34). Catherines offers classic apparel and accessories to female customers for wear-to-work and casual lifestyles. Catherines retail stores are concentrated in suburban and small towns and are primarily located in strip shopping centers.The Company competes with Walmart, Macy's, JCPenney, Kohl's, Old Navy, Target, TJX Companies and Amazon.

» Full Overview of ASNA.O







					Company Address



Ascena Retail Group Inc
933 Macarthur BlvdMAHWAH   NJ   07430-2045
P: +1551.7776700F: +1302.6365454







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 David Jaffe

4,628,350




							 Robb Giammatteo

878,794




							 Brian Lynch

--




							 John Pershing

1,036,910




							 Duane Holloway

330,836




» More Officers & Directors





					Ascena Retail Group Inc News




BRIEF-Ascena Retail Group Q3 loss per share $5.29

Jun 08 2017 
BRIEF-Ascena Retail changes planned Q3 earnings date

Jun 02 2017 
BRIEF-Ascena Retail Group sees Q3 FY17 comparable sales down 8%

May 17 2017 
BRIEF-Ascena Retail Group reports Q2 loss per share of $0.18

Mar 06 2017 

» More ASNA.O  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerApparel & Accessories Retailers


















































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft












ascena retail group inc, shop411.com


























 











Categories



Home Organization


Miscellaneous Home & Garden


Desks


Cooking & Baking


Christmas Decor


Kitchen Furniture


Medicine & Remedies


Skin Care Products


Chairs


Medical & Orthopedic Supplies


Water & Juice Glasses


Monitor Accessories


Swimming Pools & Spas


Fertilizers


Dining Room Furniture


Flatware


TV-Mounts


Stands & Serving Trays


More +
Less -





Shop by Department



Appliances




Automotive




Babies & Kids




Clothing & Accessories




Computers & Software




DVDs & Videos




Electronics




Gifts, Flowers & Food




Health & Beauty Supplies




Home & Garden




Jewelry




Musical Instruments & Accessories




Office Supplies




Other Products




Pet Supplies




Sports Equipment & Outdoor Gear




Toys




Video Games



More +
Less -




















Free Shipping





Linon Persian Treasures Mahi Tabriz Red Oriental...
As low as
$82.87


See It













A Home Fringed Throw Blanket
As low as
$39.72


See It








Free Shipping





Thunder Group Inc 17 3/4'' Diameter...
As low as
$4.99


See It








Free Shipping





VICTOR TECHNOLOGIES GROUP INC-FIREPOWER WHL BRSH...
As low as
$26.54


See It








Free Shipping





Thunder Group Inc 2'W X 40'D Bar Liners...
As low as
$46.99


See It








Free Shipping





Thunder Group Inc 18''W X 12''D...
As low as
$10.99


See It








Free Shipping





Thunder Group Inc 2 Quart Storer and Pour in...
As low as
$3.99


See It








Free Shipping





Thunder Group Inc 32'' Single Speed...
As low as
$26.99


See It








Free Shipping





Thunder Group Inc 18''W X 12''D...
As low as
$10.99


See It








Free Shipping





Thunder Group Inc Sixth Size Solid Cover for...
As low as
$1.99


See It








Free Shipping





Thunder Group Inc 2 Quart Storer and Pour in...
As low as
$3.99


See It








Free Shipping





Thunder Group Inc 8 1/2'' Luxor Pastry...
As low as
$2.99


See It








Free Shipping





Thunder Group Inc 30 oz Malt Cup, SLMC001
As low as
$3.99


See It








Free Shipping





Thunder Group Inc 17''W X 11''D...
As low as
$9.99


See It








Free Shipping





Thunder Group Inc 18''W X 12''D...
As low as
$10.99


See It








Free Shipping





Thunder Group Inc Half Size Slotted Cover for...
As low as
$3.99


See It








Free Shipping





Thunder Group Inc 23'' Square Donut...
As low as
$20.99


See It








Free Shipping





Thunder Group Inc Plastic Bar Caddy 6...
As low as
$3.99


See It








Free Shipping





Thunder Group Inc 18'' Diameter Round...
As low as
$14.99


See It








Free Shipping





Thunder Group Inc Two 6 1/2'' Diameter...
As low as
$17.99


See It








Free Shipping





Thunder Group Inc 8 Quart Stainless Wine Bucket,...
As low as
$15.99


See It








Free Shipping





Thunder Group Inc 11'' Diameter Round...
As low as
$3.99


See It








Free Shipping





Thunder Group Inc 16 oz Plastic Funnel, PLFN005
As low as
$2.99


See It








Free Shipping





Thunder Group Inc Plastic Glass Rimmer for Salt...
As low as
$7.99


See It








Free Shipping





Thunder Group Inc Stainless Steel 6 Compartment...
As low as
$19.99


See It













1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Next >


































Privacy


Terms


We're Hiring!


Contact Us


                © 2017 IAC Publishing, LLC



                Shop411 is compensated by these merchants. Payment is one of several factors used to rank these results. Tax and shipping costs are estimates.
            




























Ascena Retail Group (ASNA) - Stock Predictions & Price Targets














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN


















      Ascena Retail Group, Inc. (ASNA)
    




                Median target price: 
                                            $5
                  (145%  upside)
          
            Positive ratings: 


                                           

                    10%
                  

                of 10 analysts


                    Latest:     Cowen | market perform | $2  | 
                                              06/09
                
              

View all analyst ratings  for ASNA  »
          





































Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




HOME
 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN






















Analyst Ranking





 

                    Name
                  

                    Measured Ratings
                  

                    Sucess Rate
                  

                    Avg Return
                  





                      1.
                    
Mizuho
15


                        73%
                    


                        20.57
                          %
                      




                      2.
                    
Credit Suisse
16


                        75%
                    


                        10.49
                          %
                      




                      3.
                    
Jefferies
26


                        58%
                    


                        7.91
                          %
                      




                      4.
                    
Cantor Fitzgerald
11


                        82%
                    


                        8.50
                          %
                      




                      5.
                    
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
15


                        67%
                    


                        7.85
                          %
                      




                      6.
                    
JMP Securities
20


                        65%
                    


                        4.62
                          %
                      




                      7.
                    
Goldman Sachs
21


                        67%
                    


                        3.28
                          %
                      




                      8.
                    
Raymond James
13


                        77%
                    


                        2.89
                          %
                      




                      9.
                    
FBR Capital Markets
21


                        57%
                    


                        2.45
                          %
                      




                      10.
                    
William Blair
24


                        54%
                    


                        2.32
                          %
                      

























FlashRatings | Contact Us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN









Contact FlashRatings












Your emotional state
Excited
Confused
Worried
Upset
Panicked
Angry







 


























FlashRatings | Principles














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings' Principles

          1. FlashRatings' mission is to provide you - the investor - with as much honest and professional research on your investments as possible.
        

          2. We believe it's much better to get a multitude of credible opinions on an investment than to arbitrarily follow any single advisor - be it your banker, a friend, or a TV pundit.
        

          3. FlashRatings does NOT provide advice. Our job is to accurately and objectively report on analysts' credible research and opinions. The only advice FlashRatings will ever give you is to absorb as much fundamental research and different opinions as possible and make your own decisions!
         

          4. FlashRatings favors covering analysts with proven track records, but will cover all analysts as long as their research is honest and professional.
        



Sign up »





















FlashRatings | About us














Facebook Autocomplete Demo









Post a Rating















              $
              



            12-Month Price Target
            



              $
              









140






 






















 




 TRENDING
SIGN UP
LOG IN








FlashRatings - All research for my stocks!

The most comprehensive equity research coverage available online.


          Never miss a single piece of research, upgrade, downgrade or target price change by any analyst firm on any stock!
          
          Equity research by professional analysts - especially their rationales more than their forecasts - contains far more interesting and important information about the actual fundamentals of the traded companies than can be gathered from conventional news reports.
          
          Our mission is to unlock access to valuable research on stocks for all retail investors. 
          
          
         

      
          
        



Professionals/ Institutions: Take advantage of our cost-effective subscriptions to have FlashRatings's comprehensive real-time feed delivered into your intranet and trading floor platforms. (Institutional Subscriptions)


Websites: Become a content licensing partner and display FlashRatings's popular news feed on your website. (Content Licensing)


Advertisers: Advertise with us and have FlashRatings readers, with attractive demographics, take advantage of your products. (Advertising)



























Bing Places for Business
























































































































Bing
 places for business


Sign in using your




Microsoft Account





Work Account





Google Account





Facebook Account

Don't have an account? Create one.


