


Company Profile - Ashland Global Holdings Inc.














































Skip to content































 







powered by












  








Home
 > 

 Investor Relations  >  
 Ashland Overview  >  
 Company Profile  


Company Profile






	In more than 100 countries, the people of Ashland Global Holdings Inc.. (NYSE: ASH) provide the specialty chemicals, technologies and insights to help customers create new and improved products for today and sustainable solutions for tomorrow. Our chemistry is at work every day in a wide variety of markets and applications, including architectural coatings, automotive, construction, energy, food and beverage, personal care and pharmaceutical.

	We invite you to explore our website at www.ashland.com to see the innovations we offer through our three business units – Ashland Specialty Ingredients, Ashland Performance Materials and Valvoline.

	 





3 mo.
6 mo.
1 yr.





















Business Profiles and Fact Sheet



Releases are not available at this time. Sign up for email alerts.








	The stock information provided is for informational purposes only and is not intended for trading purposes. The stock information is provided by
	eSignal, and stock charts are provided by EDGAR Online, both third party services. Ashland does not maintain or provide information directly to
	these services, makes no representations or warranties with respect to the information herein, and takes no responsibility for supplementing,	updating or correcting any such information. Stock information is delayed approximately 20 minutes.






 
Briefcase
Briefcase
 
 
Printed Materials
Printed Materials


 
Email Alerts
Email Alerts


 
Downloads
Downloads



RSS
RSS




Search
Search










Search Investors

Search Investors














efficacy


faster.  better.  fewer.







usability


go with the flow.







allure


the living laboratory.







integrity


when it comes to truck beds, black is the new black.







profitability


we know how you feel about paint.
















 



















Ashland | Home




















 
































Ashland in the News
Read about solutions from Ashland and the solvers who made them possible
read more
>





Ashland elects two new members to  board of directors

learn more
>





Who respects, protects, and advances everything it touches?

learn more
>





Who works best underwater?

learn more
>





Webinar: Troubleshooting and solving pharmaceutical film coating problems
A comprehensive review from one of our solvers 
watch today
>






1
2
3
4
5







always solving
We are passionate, tenacious solvers who thrive on developing practical, innovative, and elegant solutions to complex problems in applied chemistry, always pushing the boundaries of what's possible, and advancing the competitiveness of our customers across diverse industries.















efficacy


faster.  better.  fewer.







usability


go with the flow.







allure


the living laboratory.







integrity


when it comes to truck beds, black is the new black.







profitability


we know how you feel about paint.









Are you ready to bond?
fiberHance™ bm solution receives a Gold Award 

at this year's global in-cosmetics show in London, England.



 read more 





Want to harnesses the power of nature? 
Ashland’s technology gently separates 
live plants or algae into various 
bioactive components – 

or Zeta Fractions – 
without the use of solvents and 
with minimal energy consumption 
making potent, sustainable and 
truly innovation solutions a reality.



 Learn more about Zeta Fraction™ technology 





always solving: advancing drug delivery with superior polymer design
Who thinks outside the box to get more in it?


Ashland solvers are ready with sophisticated solutions to improve drug delivery with a full line of excipients and in-house technical and formulation expertise.


 Learn more about Ashland's Pharmacetical capabilities and products. 





always solving: sustainability
always solving 


"It's much more than Ashland's new tagline. It represents the promise we make to our customers, shareholders, employees and local communities every day. It also captures the essence of how we approach sustainability and our responsibility toward being a better steward of our people, products and planet." 

William Wulfsohn, Chairman and CEO Ashland Global Holdings Inc


 Learn more about sustainability at Ashland 





Who juggles products, technologies, formulations, polymers, molecules, measurements and more to find solutions for you? 

 get the answer 








The Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (ASH) Declares $0.23 Quarterly Dividend

































  Titres
                

Neuberger Berman Group LLC Has $537000 Position in Speedway Motorsports, Inc. (TRK) 
BidaskClub Lowers Kemper Corporation (KMPR) to Sell 
Study finds more poison center calls tied to dietary supplements 
Massive US bomb death toll rises to 94 
Fire engulfs Bellagio roof, Las Vegas Strip temporarily shut down 
Kate Middleton and Prince William in love at the Stade de France 
Thailand seizes rhino horns in random luggage check 


























Nouvelles
Financer Culture Science Sport Monde Santé Nationale 




Financer
Culture
Science
Sport
Monde
Santé
Nationale


 


The Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (ASH) Declares $0.23 Quarterly Dividend
Evrard Martin
Juillet 24, 2017



Part












BlackRock Inc. now owns 5,692,080 shares of the basic materials company's stock worth $704,736,000 after buying an additional 5,591,315 shares during the period. US Bancorp DE raised its position in Ashland Global Holdings by 28.8% in the second quarter.
ASH has been the topic of several recent research reports. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in shares of Ashland Global Holdings by 0.6% in the fourth quarter. Finally, Neuberger Berman Group LLC boosted its stake in shares of Ashland Global Holdings by 0.6% in the first quarter. Ltd. now owns 122,747 shares of the basic materials company's stock valued at $13,430,000 after buying an additional 112,020 shares in the last quarter. State Treasurer State of MI increased its stake in shares of Ashland Global Holdings by 1.6% in the second quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 1,273 shares of the basic materials company's stock valued at $143,000 after buying an additional 99 shares during the period. Creative Planning raised its position in shares of Ashland Global Holdings by 0.3% in the first quarter. Advisor Partners LLC now owns 1,969 shares of the basic materials company's stock worth $244,000 after buying an additional 22 shares during the last quarter. Exane Asset Management now owns 276,715 shares of the basic materials company's stock worth $18,238,000 after buying an additional 115,840 shares during the last quarter. The stock of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $66.44 and a 200-day moving average price of $61.29. The stock's market cap is $4.15 billion.With a total market value of $0, Ashland Global Holdings Inc. has with a one year low of $51.61 and a one year high of $67.90.Ashland Global Holdings (NYSE ASH) traded down 0.42% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting $66.60. After $0.64 actual earnings per share reported by FCB Financial Holdings Inc for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts -1.56% negative EPS growth. The business had revenue of $1.32 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.28 billion. Ashland Global Holdings Inc. On average, analysts expect that Ashland Global Holdings will post $4.32 EPS for the current fiscal year.The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, September 1st will be paid a dividend of $0.225 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, August 30th.Ashland Global Holdings (NYSE:ASH) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th.TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: "Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Ashland Global Holdings Inc". If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of USA & global copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://transcriptdaily.com/2017/07/24/ashland-global-holdings-inc-ash-position-lowered-by-tudor-investment-corp-et-al-updated-updated.html.Several equities research analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered Ashland Global Holdings from a "buy" rating to a "hold" rating in a research report on Tuesday, July 18th.ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: "Ashland Global Holdings' (NYSE:ASH) "Buy" Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC" was first posted by Stock Observer and is the property of of Stock Observer. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a "buy" rating on shares of Ashland Global Holdings in a research note on Friday, June 23rd. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company's stock.Ashland Global Holdings Inc, formerly Ashland LLC, is engaged in specialty chemicals, and through Valvoline, is a consumer-branded lubricant supplier. The Company operates in three segments: Ashland Specialty Ingredients (Specialty Ingredients), Ashland Performance Materials (Performance Materials) and Valvoline. Its Performance Materials segment is engaged in providing unsaturated polyester resins and vinyl ester resins, and consists of two divisions: Composites and Intermediates/Solvents.

 




D'autres rapports CampDesrEcrues 









24 Juillet 2017




Huge fire at Delhi's Lok Nayak Bhawan









24 Juillet 2017




'American Horror Story' Actors Tweet About Season 7's Title!









24 Juillet 2017




French President Emmanuel Macron's Popularity Is Plummeting











24 Juillet 2017




Man City complete signing of left-back Benjamin Mendy from Monaco







Samsung Galaxy J7 Nxt debuts with octa-core CPU and 13MP camera









24 Juillet 2017




Kapil Sharma's contract with Sony TV to be discontinued?











24 Juillet 2017




Des Palestiniens jettent des pierres sur la police israélienne — Jérusalem









24 Juillet 2017




White House spokesman Spicer out as Trump seeks to fix image









24 Juillet 2017




Philipp Lahm wins Germany's Footballer of the Year award









Arrow Electronics, Inc. (NYSE:ARW) Position Maintained by Glenmede Trust Co. NA







Invesco Quality Municipal Income Trust (IQI) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.44









24 Juillet 2017




La Ligue arabe accuse Israël de "jouer avec le feu" à Jérusalem









Articles récents Nouvelles


 
Possible tornado reported on the Eastern Shore




 
Le centre d'oncologie inauguré lundi — Al Hoceima




 
60 hectares brûlés dans le Luberon — Vaucluse




Discuter de cet article








 LES PLUS LUS CampDesrEcrues




Real : Dani Ceballos présenté à Bernabéu



Halliburton Company (HAL) hit his 1-Year Low price on 09/27/16



Welsh first minister: 'No need to leave the single market'


Destiny 2 : La fin de la bêta publique repoussée au 26 juillet



12h24 Groenewegen remporte le sprint des Champs-Elysées



Game Of Thrones saison 7 épisode 3 : ce qui vous attend (teaser)


Roadrunner Transportation Systems (RRTS) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Accern Reports



Bale reveals what he said to Lukaku after Man Utd loss



Derrick Rose to Meet With Cavaliers



La croissance du secteur privé a ralenti en juillet — France







SUIVRE NOTRE JOURNAL











DERNIERES NOUVELLES CampDesrEcrues



 
Neuberger Berman Group LLC Has $537000 Position in Speedway Motorsports, Inc. (TRK)


BidaskClub Lowers Kemper Corporation (KMPR) to Sell


Study finds more poison center calls tied to dietary supplements


SeaWorld Entertainment, Inc. (SEAS) Major Shareholder Buys 19600 Shares of Stock


GlaxoSmithKline Data Shows Tolerability For HIV Regimen


Up to 76% of people are 'overfat'. Are you one of them?


Eli Lilly and Company (LLY)- Most Bizarre Stocks for the Day


Aymeric Caron hilare sur Twitter, les internautes le lynchent — Rihanna à l'Elysée


Arsenal Defender Kieran Gibbs No Longer on West Brom's Summer Wish List


Security concerns addressed, Sri Lankan cabinet "clears port deal" with China firm







AUTRES NOUVELLES


Science
Culture
Financer









After all, the game wasn't developed with two players in mind, so it's...









Six years ago we reported that Toyota was working with the Tokyo Insti...









Earlier this afternoon we got to share our  impressions  of  The Lost ...









L'information a été divulguée par le site sud-coréen  ETNews .   Le gr...









Xbox  Live Gold subscribers can still grab Growup, LEGO Pirates of the...











En effet, l'étonnante ressemblance avec la dernière bande-annonce de  ...









The trio will encounter the likes of ogres, harpies, trolls, sprites, ...









Jordan Spieth  has won the British Open after denying fellow American ...









But taking a serious turn, MTV announced the new " Best Fight Against ...









However,  People   reports  that the two celebs were a bit more open a...












MLive.com  reports  Peddler's Bar and Bistro  in Clifton Park, N.Y., c...









Over the last six months,  AK Steel Holding Corporation's  stock has b...









The company has an   average  rating  of "Buy" and an  average  price ...









Meag Munich Ergo Kapitalanlagegesellschaft MBH increased its position ...









Whittier Trust Co.'s holdings in  Chipotle Mexican Grill  were worth $...
























© 2017 campdesrecrues.com, CampDesrEcrues




Sport
Science
Culture
Financer


Nationale
Santé
Monde





Edition

Nos Contacts













Brokerages Set Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (NYSE:ASH) Price Target at $108.25













Сontactos











 Home
/ Medicina
/ Brokerages Set Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (NYSE:ASH) Price Target at $108.25 



Brokerages Set Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (NYSE:ASH) Price Target at $108.25

Bartolome Carpio |
Lunes, Julio 24, 2017







"(NYSE:ASH) to "Buy" was published by The Cerbat Gem and is the property of of The Cerbat Gem. Bollard Group LLC now owns 930 shares of the basic materials company's stock worth $115,000 after buying an additional 3 shares during the last quarter. Tudor Investment Corp ET AL's holdings in Ashland Global Holdings were worth $789,000 at the end of the most recent quarter.Several research firms have recently commented on ASH. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. boosted its position in Ashland Global Holdings by 8.4% in the fourth quarter. ValuEngine upgraded Ashland Global Holdings from a "hold" rating to a "buy" rating in a research report on Tuesday, May 16th. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 5,271,030 shares of the basic materials company's stock worth $652,607,000 after buying an additional 228,240 shares during the period. Advisor Partners LLC boosted its position in Ashland Global Holdings by 1.1% in the first quarter. State Treasurer State of MI now owns 25,653 shares of the basic materials company's stock worth $1,691,000 after buying an additional 400 shares during the last quarter. Aperio Group LLC increased its stake in shares of Ashland Global Holdings by 3.0% in the second quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 1,187,729 shares of the basic materials company's stock worth $147,053,000 after buying an additional 7,387 shares during the period. State Street Corp now owns 2,104,720 shares of the basic materials company's stock worth $260,582,000 after buying an additional 40,172 shares during the period. Bruce & Co. Inc. owns 25,000 shares or 0.71% of their USA portfolio. The firm's 50-day moving average is $66.44 and its 200 day moving average is $61.29. The stock's market capitalization is $4.15 billion. Ashland Global Holdings Inc.
Ashland Global Holdings (NYSE ASH) traded down 0.42% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting $66.60. The basic materials company reported $1.71 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.61 by $0.10. The company had revenue of $1.32 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.28 billion.Analysts await Ashland Global Holdings Inc. On average, equities research analysts expect that Ashland Global Holdings will post $4.32 EPS for the current year.The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, September 1st will be given a dividend of $0.225 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, August 30th. This represents a $0.90 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.35%. Ashland Global Holdings's dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently -48.13%.Elizabeth Park Capital Advisors Ltd decreased Fcb Financial Holdings Inc (FCB) stake by 34.86% reported in 2016Q4 SEC filing. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and global trademark and copyright law. The original version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.com-unik.info/2017/07/23/ashland-global-holdings-inc-nyseash-receives-consensus-recommendation-of-buy-from-brokerages.html. On Friday, July 31 the stock rating was maintained by Deutsche Bank with "Buy". Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Ashland Global Holdings from a "hold" rating to a "sell" rating in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Ashland Global Holdings from a "buy" rating to a "hold" rating in a research note on Tuesday, July 18th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a "buy" rating on shares of Ashland Global Holdings in a report on Friday, June 23rd. Finally, TheStreet raised shares of Ashland Global Holdings from a "c+" rating to a "b" rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. Four equity analysts rating the company a strong buy, five equity analysts rating the company a buy, two equity analysts rating the company a hold, zero equity analysts rating the company a underperform, and finally zero equity analysts rating the company a sell with a one year target of $119.11. The average twelve-month target price among analysts that have issued ratings on the stock in the previous year is $108.25.Ashland Inc is engaged in specialty chemicals, and through Valvoline, is a consumer-branded lubricant supplier.




Latest News
 

BidaskClub Upgrades Speedway Motorsports, Inc. (NYSE:TRK) to Hold



Paloma Partners Management Co Acquires Shares of 5984 Kemper Corporation (KMPR)



Poison Control Centers Got 275000 Dietary Supplement Calls From 2000 to 2012



Citadel Advisors LLC Invests $344000 in Chunghwa Telecom Co., Ltd. (CHT)



Most American Men Qualify as 'Overfat'



After successful trial, HIV-preventing vagina ring coming to Africa



Southampton monitoring Kieran Gibbs developments as Watford plan further talks



Sri Lankan shares hit 6-week closing low



RCEP talks to be held this week



Detienen a 6 durante entierro de 'El Ojos'



WestJet Increasing Service from Toronto Pearson



La nueva estrategia del Ministerio para bajar costos de medicamentos — COLOMBIA



En 2015, murieron 8.8 millones de personas por cáncer en México: IMSS



For 1st time, over half of people with HIV taking AIDS drugs











Martes, Julio 25, 2017  





Popular news



Dunkirk scores $106 million global opening, but Valerian flops hard 
				Not adjusted for inflation, " Valerian " earned basically the same as "The Fifth Element", which came out 20 years ago. Still, Dergarabedian thinks there's a silver lining in the quality of the films that have come out this summer.


'American Horror Story' Season 7 Title Revealed: Cult! 
				Earlier this week, American Horror Story creator Ryan Murphy announced that Lena Dunham will be joining the show's cast.


Michael Phelps retó a un tiburón y hubo un ganador — URUGUAY 
				El hombre apodado 'El Tiburón de Baltimore' aseguró que esta "carrera" había sido "una de las más difíciles" para él y había sido con "una baja temperatura".


Manchester United beat Real Madrid 2-1 in penalty shootout 
				The Real winger has been mooted with a return to the Premier League in recent weeks, with United reported to be the main targets. The 1-1 draw sent the game to a penalty shootout.


Severe storms strike Maryland's Eastern Shore; possible tornado hits Kent Island 
				The National Weather Service will determine whether a tornado touched down in Queen Anne's County. At last check, Delmarva Power, estimated about 2,500 customers in Stevensville are without power.


Fire breaks out at Lok Nayak Bhawan, 25 fire tenders on spot 
				Thick smoke was seen coming out of the building, which is next to the Khan Market , a popular shopping complex. A massive fire has broken out on Monday at Lok Nayak Bhawan in Delhi, which houses many government offices.


Phil Spencer on Xbox One X Pre-Orders: "Won't Be Much Longer" 
				The newest addition to the family promises games at 4K resolution on compatible screens at a smooth 60 frames per second. It might be only a matter of time until retail and online stores will open pre-orders.


Steinberg Global Asset Management Acquires 418 Shares of Halliburton Company (NYSE:HAL) 
				Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Halliburton from a "hold" rating to a "sell" rating in a report on Tuesday, July 11th. Over the last three months, the shares of the company have changed -5.69% and performed -21.38% over the last six months.


$0.16 Earnings Per Share Expected for Zto Express Inc (ZTO) This Quarter 
				The Company provides express delivery service through its nationwide network, as well as other value-added logistics services.  Tudor Investment Corp Et Al acquired a new position in Zto Express during the fourth quarter worth approximately $414,000.


Hallan cuerpo de periodista en estado de descomposición en Uruapan, Michoacán 
				Adalberto Salmerón fue un conocido reportero debido a su trayectoria laboral de al menos tres décadas. Trabajó durante al menos unos 20 años en la sección Deportes del noticiero del Canal Siete.


BBC women demand action on gender pay gap now, not in future 
				This includes the highest earner of them all, Chris Evans, who is paid an annual salary of between £2,220,000 and £2,249,999. Prime Minister Theresa May has also criticized the pay differential.


Arrow Electronics (NYSE:ARW) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Accern Reports 
				Mary Catherine Morris, Chief Strategy Officer let go of $727,578 worth of shares at an average price of $75.07 on May 25th. The business is scheduled to announce its next quarterly earnings results before the market opens on Thursday, August 3rd.


Labour confusion over single market continues 
				Jones added: "If we were not in the single market we'd be having a debate having to access it, not how to leave it". It is not just the single market that Labour is struggling to get to grips with.


Mourinho rules out three players from playing in August 
				United are in an enviable position regarding their goalkeeping situation given there are few better back-ups than Sergio Romero. Mourinho said he believes it is better to keep it up to the players to make their choice rather forcing them to stay.


Scotland Women face must-win clash against Portugal 
				Although Scotland found an equaliser in the second half, Portugal were ultimately worthy of their win. It was a desperately disappointing outcome after Anna Signeul's side dominated the opening quarter.







Follow Us









Categories


Mundo


Medicina


Deportes


Tecnología


Espectáculos


Negocios






Recommended stories



BidaskClub Upgrades Speedway Motorsports, Inc. (NYSE:TRK) to Hold




Paloma Partners Management Co Acquires Shares of 5984 Kemper Corporation (KMPR)




Poison Control Centers Got 275000 Dietary Supplement Calls From 2000 to 2012




Citadel Advisors LLC Invests $344000 in Chunghwa Telecom Co., Ltd. (CHT)




Most American Men Qualify as 'Overfat'




After successful trial, HIV-preventing vagina ring coming to Africa




Southampton monitoring Kieran Gibbs developments as Watford plan further talks




Sri Lankan shares hit 6-week closing low




RCEP talks to be held this week




Detienen a 6 durante entierro de 'El Ojos'




WestJet Increasing Service from Toronto Pearson




For 1st time, over half of people with HIV taking AIDS drugs




Powassan virus: rare, tick-borne and worrying some experts about possible spread




Cleveland police give update on Steve Stephens manhunt




SEC Basketball Tournament Bracket 2017: Complete Field Set













Ashland Global Holdings Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 25, 2017 5:38 PM ET
Chemicals

Company Overview of Ashland Global Holdings Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Ashland Global Holdings Inc. provides specialty chemical solutions worldwide. It operates through Specialty Ingredients, Performance Materials, and Valvoline segments. The company provides products, technologies, and resources for solving formulation and product-performance challenges. It offers solutions using natural, synthetic, and semisynthetic polymers derived from plant and seed extract, cellulose ethers, vinyl pyrrolidones, and acrylic polymers, as well as polyester and polyurethane-based adhesives. The company offers these solutions for pharmaceutical companies; makers of personal care products, food, and beverages; manufacturers of paint, coatings, and construction materials; packag...
Ashland Global Holdings Inc. provides specialty chemical solutions worldwide. It operates through Specialty Ingredients, Performance Materials, and Valvoline segments. The company provides products, technologies, and resources for solving formulation and product-performance challenges. It offers solutions using natural, synthetic, and semisynthetic polymers derived from plant and seed extract, cellulose ethers, vinyl pyrrolidones, and acrylic polymers, as well as polyester and polyurethane-based adhesives. The company offers these solutions for pharmaceutical companies; makers of personal care products, food, and beverages; manufacturers of paint, coatings, and construction materials; packaging and converting markets; and oilfield service companies. It also provides performance materials that include composites, such as polyester and vinyl ester resins, gelcoats, molten maleic anhydride, and low-profile additives; and intermediates and solvents comprising 1,4 butanediol, tetrahydrofuran, and n-methylpyrrolidone. The company markets its performance materials to manufacturers of residential and commercial building products; industrial product specifiers and manufacturers; wind blade and pipe manufacturers; automotive and truck OEM suppliers; boatbuilders; chemical producers; and electronics makers. In addition, it produces and distributes automotive, commercial, and industrial lubricants, and automotive chemicals. The company offers lubricants and automotive chemicals under the Valvoline brand; lubricants for cars with higher mileage engines under the MaxLife brand; synthetic motor oil under the SynPower brand; and antifreeze products under the Zerex brand, as well as operates and franchises 1,068 Valvoline Instant Oil Change centers in the United States. The company was formerly known as Ashland Inc. and changed its name to Ashland Global Holdings Inc. in September 2016. Ashland Global Holdings Inc. was founded in 1924 and is headquartered in Covington, Kentucky.
Detailed Description


50 East RiverCenter BoulevardCovington, KY 41011United StatesFounded in 192411,000 Employees



Phone: 859-815-3333

www.ashland.com







Key Executives for Ashland Global Holdings Inc.




Mr. William A. Wulfsohn


      	Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
      


Age: 55
        

Total Annual Compensation: $1.2M








Mr. John Kevin Willis


      	Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
      


Age: 49
        

Total Annual Compensation: $579.4K








Mr. Peter J. Ganz


      	Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary
      


Age: 55
        

Total Annual Compensation: $538.7K








Ms. Anne T. Schumann


      	Chief Human Resources & Information Technology Officer and Senior Vice President
      


Age: 57
        

Total Annual Compensation: $391.9K





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2016. 

Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Key Developments

Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Declares Quarterly Cash Dividend, Payable September 15, 2017
Jul 19 17
The board of directors of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.225 per share on the company's common stock. The dividend is payable September 15, 2017, to shareholders of record at the close of business on September 1, 2017. As of June 30, 2017, there were 62,402,316 shares of Ashland common stock outstanding.


Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Elects Two New Members to Board of Directors
Jul 19 17
On July 19, 2017, Susan L. Main and Kathleen Wilson-Thompson were elected to serve on the Board of Directors of Ashland Global Holdings Inc. effective immediately, increasing the size of the Board to 11 directors. Ms. Main will serve on the Board’s Audit Committee and Governance and Nominating Committee, while Ms. Wilson-Thompson will serve on the Compensation Committee and Environmental, Health, Safety and Quality Committee. Susan L. Main has served as senior vice president and chief financial officer of Teledyne Technologies Incorporated. Kathleen Wilson-Thompson is executive vice president and global chief human resources officer at Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc.


Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Announces Quarterly Cash Dividend, Payable on June 15, 2017
May 17 17
Ashland Global Holdings Inc. announced  that its Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of 22.5 cents per share on the company's common stock. This represents a reduction from the previous quarterly dividend of 39 cents per share as a result of the recently completed separation of Valvoline Inc. The dividend is payable June 15, 2017, to shareholders of record at the close of business on June 1, 2017.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 10x Technology LLC United States 20/20 Custom Molded Plastics,Ltd. United States 21st Century Plastics Corporation United States 2N2, Inc. United States 4th Generation Resins, LLC United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Merger/Acquisition

			      April 6, 2017
			    
Reichhold Holdings International B.V., Composites Resin Plant in Étain





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Ashland Global Holdings Inc., please visit www.ashland.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close


























ASH Profile | Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Stock - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets closedS&P 5002,477.13+7.22 (+0.29%)Dow 3021,613.43+100.26 (+0.47%)Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (ASH)NYSE - NYSE Delayed Price. Currency in USDAdd to watchlist67.01+0.52 (+0.78%)At close:  4:06PM EDT67.01 0.00 (0.00%)After hours: 5:12PM EDTPeople also watchEMNAVYAPDBLLBMSSummaryConversationsStatisticsProfileFinancialsOptionsHoldersHistorical DataAnalystsAshland Global Holdings Inc.50 East RiverCenter BoulevardCovington, KY 41011United States859-815-3333http://www.ashland.comSector: Basic MaterialsIndustry: Chemicals - Major DiversifiedFull Time Employees: 11,000Key ExecutivesNameTitlePayExercisedAgeMr. William A. WulfsohnChairman and Chief Exec. Officer2.51MN/A55Mr. John Kevin WillisChief Financial Officer and Sr. VP1.01MN/A49Mr. Peter J. GanzSr. VP, Gen. Counsel and Sec.943.84kN/A55Ms. Anne T. SchumannChief HR & Information Technology Officer and Sr. VP649.42k92k57Dr. Osama  MusaChief Technology OfficerN/AN/AN/AAmounts are as of December 31, 2016 and compensation values are for the last fiscal year ending on that date. Pay is salary, bonuses, etc. Exercised is the value of options exercised during the fiscal year. Currency in USD.DescriptionAshland Global Holdings Inc. provides specialty chemical solutions worldwide. It operates through Specialty Ingredients, Performance Materials, and Valvoline segments. The company provides products, technologies, and resources for solving formulation and product-performance challenges. It offers solutions using natural, synthetic, and semisynthetic polymers derived from plant and seed extract, cellulose ethers, vinyl pyrrolidones, and acrylic polymers, as well as polyester and polyurethane-based adhesives. The company offers these solutions for pharmaceutical companies; makers of personal care products, food, and beverages; manufacturers of paint, coatings, and construction materials; packaging and converting markets; and oilfield service companies. It also provides performance materials that include composites, such as polyester and vinyl ester resins, gelcoats, molten maleic anhydride, and low-profile additives; and intermediates and solvents comprising 1,4 butanediol, tetrahydrofuran, and n-methylpyrrolidone. The company markets its performance materials to manufacturers of residential and commercial building products; industrial product specifiers and manufacturers; wind blade and pipe manufacturers; automotive and truck OEM suppliers; boatbuilders; chemical producers; and electronics makers. In addition, it produces and distributes automotive, commercial, and industrial lubricants, and automotive chemicals. The company offers lubricants and automotive chemicals under the Valvoline brand; lubricants for cars with higher mileage engines under the MaxLife brand; synthetic motor oil under the SynPower brand; and antifreeze products under the Zerex brand, as well as operates and franchises 1,068 Valvoline Instant Oil Change centers in the United States. The company was formerly known as Ashland Inc. and changed its name to Ashland Global Holdings Inc. in September 2016. Ashland Global Holdings Inc. was founded in 1924 and is headquartered in Covington, Kentucky.Corporate GovernanceAshland Global Holdings Inc.’s ISS Governance QualityScore as of July 1, 2017 is 2. The pillar scores are Audit: 1; Board: 8; Shareholder Rights: 3; Compensation: 1.Corporate governance scores courtesy of Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS).  Scores indicate decile rank relative to index or region. A decile score of 1 indicates lower governance risk, while a 10 indicates higher governance risk.Yahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)






Ashland Global Holdings Inc (ASH)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Ashland Global Holdings Inc (ASH)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerBasic MaterialsDiversified Chemicals












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				ASH on New York Consolidated


				67.18USD
25 Jul 2017





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $0.69


					            (+1.04%)
					        






Prev Close

$66.49


Open

$66.90




Day's High

$67.33


Day's Low

$66.65




Volume

157,216


Avg. Vol

887,934




52-wk High

$128.19


52-wk Low

$60.27












					Full Description



Ashland Global Holdings Inc., incorporated on May 6, 2016, is a global specialty chemicals company. The Company provides products, services and solutions to customers in various industries in over 100 countries. The Company operates in two segments: Ashland Specialty Ingredients (Specialty Ingredients) and Ashland Performance Materials (Performance Materials). The Company serves customers in a range of consumer and industrial markets, including adhesives, architectural coatings, automotive, construction, energy, food and beverage, personal care and pharmaceutical.Ashland Specialty IngredientsThe Company's Specialty Ingredients segment is engaged in providing cellulose ethers, vinyl pyrrolidones and biofunctionals. Its Specialty Ingredients uses natural, synthetic and semisynthetic polymers derived from plant and seed extract, acrylic polymers, as well as polyester and polyurethane-based adhesives. The Specialty Ingredients segment includes two divisions: Consumer Specialties and Industrial Specialties. These divisions offer solutions for consumer and industrial applications. Its customers include pharmaceutical companies; makers of personal care products, food and beverages; manufacturers of paint, coatings and construction materials; packaging and converting, and oilfield service companies.The Consumer Specialties division includes the oral care, hair care, skin care, home care, and pharmaceutical and nutrition portfolios. Its portfolio of oral care products delivers active ingredients in toothpaste and mouthwashes; provides bio adhesive functionality for dentures; delivers flavor, texture and other functional properties, and provides product binding to ensure form and function throughout product lifecycle. Its portfolio of hair care products includes advanced styling polymers, fixatives, conditioning polymers, emulsifiers, preservatives and rheology modifiers. Its portfolio of skin care products helps to firm, nourish, revitalize and smooth skin. The Skin Care line also provides sun care products, including ultraviolet (UV) filters, water-resistant agents and thickeners. Its portfolio of products and technologies is used in various cleaning applications, including fabric care, home care and dishwashing. Its products are used in various applications for viscosity enhancement, particle suspension, rheology modification and stabilization. The Company also supplies excipients and tablet coating systems to the pharmaceutical and nutraceutical industries. The excipients division offers a range of polymers for use as tablet binders, superdisintegrants, sustained-release agents and drug solubilizers, as well as a portfolio of tablet coating systems for immediate-, sustained- and delayed-release applications. Its nutrition portfolio provides functional benefits in areas, such as thickening, texture control, thermal gelation, structure enhancement, water binding and clarification. Its core products include cellulose gums and vinyl pyrrolidone polymers, which are used in a range of offerings for bakery, beverage, dairy, desserts, meat products, pet food, prepared foods, sauces and savory products.The Industrial Specialties division includes coatings, construction, energy, adhesives and performance specialties. Coatings Specialties offers rheology solutions for waterborne architectural paint and coatings. Its products include hydroxyethylcellulose (HEC), which provides thickening, and application properties for interior and exterior paints, and nonionic synthetic associative thickeners (NSATs), which are liquid synthetics for paint and industrial coatings. It also offers performance foam-control agents, surfactants and wetting agents, dispersants and potential of Hydrogen (pH) neutralizers. Construction Specialties is a producer and supplier of cellulose ethers and companion products for the construction industry. These products control properties, such as water retention, open time, workability, adhesion, stabilization, pumping, sag resistance, rheology, strength, appearance and performance in dry-mortar formulations. Energy Specialties is a manufacturer of guar-, synthetic- and cellulosic-based products for drilling fluids, oil-well cement slurries, completion and workover fluids, fracturing fluids and production chemicals. Specialty Ingredients offers the oil and gas industry solutions for drilling, stimulation, completion, cementing and production applications. Adhesives Specialties manufactures and sells adhesive solutions to the packaging and converting, building and construction, and transportation markets, and manufactures and markets specialty coatings and adhesive solutions for use across multiple industries. Its technologies and markets include acrylic polymers for pressure-sensitive adhesives; urethane adhesive for flexible packaging applications; aqueous and radiation-curable adhesives and specialty coatings for printing and converting applications; emulsion polymer isocyanate adhesives for structural wood bonding; elastomeric polymer adhesives for commercial roofing applications; acrylic, polyurethane and epoxy structural adhesives for bonding fiberglass reinforced plastics, composites, thermoplastics and metals in automotive, marine, recreational and industrial applications, and specialty phenolic resins for paper impregnation and friction material bonding. Performance Specialties provides products and services to over 30 industries. The Company offers a range of organo- and water-soluble polymers that are derived from both natural and synthetic resources. Its product lines include derivatized cellulose polymers, synthetics, guar and guar derivatives.Ashland Performance MaterialsThe Company's Performance Materials segment is engaged in providing unsaturated polyester resins and vinyl ester resins. It is also engaged in providing gelcoats, maleic anhydride, butanediol, tetrahydrofuran, N-Methylpyrrolidone and other intermediates and solvents. Its customers include manufacturers of residential and commercial building products; industrial product specifiers and manufacturers; wind blade and pipe manufacturers; automotive and truck original equipment manufacturer (OEM) suppliers; boat builders; engineered plastics and electronic producers, and specialty chemical manufacturers. It markets and distributes its products directly and through third-party distributors in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific.The Company's Performance Materials segment consists of two divisions: Composites and Intermediates/Solvents. The Composites division manufactures and sells a range of unsaturated polyester and vinyl ester resins, gelcoats and low-profile additives for the reinforced plastics industry. Its markets include the transportation, construction, marine and infrastructure end markets. Performance Materials' composite products provide an array of functional properties, including corrosion resistance, fire retardance, ultraviolet resistance, water and chemical resistance. In addition, the division also manufactures and sells molten maleic anhydride for the manufacture of a range of products, such as unsaturated polyester resins, copolymers, lubricating oil additives, alkenyl succinic anhydrides, malic acid, fumaric acid and numerous derivative chemicals.The Intermediates/Solvents division is a producer of 1,4 butanediol and its derivatives, including tetrahydrofuran and n-methylpyrrolidone. These products are used as chemical intermediates in the production of engineering polymers and polyurethanes, and as specialty process solvents in a range of applications, including electronics, construction and active pharmaceutical ingredient manufacture. Butanediol is also supplied to Specialty Ingredients for use as a raw material.

» Full Overview of ASH







					Company Address



Ashland Global Holdings Inc
50 E Rivercenter BlvdCOVINGTON   KY   41011-1683
P: +1859.8153333F: +1302.6555049







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 William Wulfsohn

13,039,500




							 John Willis

6,537,260




							 Gregory Elliott

--




							 Peter Ganz

3,771,730




							 Luis Fernandez-Moreno

4,187,360




» More Officers & Directors





					Ashland Global Holdings Inc News




BRIEF-Ashland Global elects Susan Main, Kathleen wilson-Thompson to board

Jul 19 2017 
BRIEF-Ashland Global Unit enters into amendment no. 1 to credit agreement

May 22 2017 
BRIEF-Ashland LLC unit of Ashland Global Holdings entered into credit agreement with lenders

May 18 2017 
BRIEF-Ashland Global's board declares cash dividend of 22.5 cents

May 17 2017 
Reichhold gains conditional EU approval for Polynt buy

May 12 2017 


» More ASH  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerBasic MaterialsDiversified Chemicals





























Ashland Global Holdings Inc - NYSE:ASH - Stock Quote & News - TheStreet






















 





















Action Alerts PLUS

Access AAPJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017Charitable Trust PortfolioMost Recent Trade Alert25 Investing Rules10 Trading Commandments

Real Money

Access RM25 Rules of InvestingJim Cramer's Best Stocks for 201710 CommandmentsStressed Out StocksCramer's Blog

Cramer
Mad Money
ETFs
Futures
Markets
Much More

BanksBiotechRetailTechPersonal FinanceRetirementFinancial Advisor CenterHow to SpendOptionsFixed IncomeVideo










Privacy Policy|Terms of Use© 1996- TheStreet Inc. All rights reserved
















                                DJIA
                            







                                NASDAQ
                            







                                S&P 500
                            






Market Data updated






Sign In




Your Membership(s)








Your Account





Account Preferences


Alerts


Newsletters







Subscribe





Logout



Subscribe

Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you.
Action Alerts PLUS
Action Alerts OPTIONS
Daily Swing Trade
Income Seeker
Quant Ratings
Real Money
Real Money Pro
Stocks Under $10
Top Stocks
Trifecta Stocks
Real Money Pro Portfolio
Chairman's Club
Compare All 
Chatter on the Street













































 






















Ashland Global Holdings Inc (ASH)
Follow




                                    67.03
                                

0.54
0.81




                        NYSE : Basic Materials
                    

Jul 25, 2017 3:59 PM EDT












Prev Close
  66.49


Open
66.90


Day Low/High

                                    66.65 /
                                    67.33


52 Wk Low/High

                                    60.27 /
                                    128.19
                                


Volume
473.44K


Avg Volume 
1.19M











Exchange
NYSE


Shares Outstanding
62.23M


Market Cap
4.15B


EPS
-0.50


P/E Ratio

                                        
                                            N/A
                                        
                                    


Div & Yield

                                        
                                            0.90
                                            (1.30%)

                                        
                                    























Trade with Jim Cramer 14 Days FREE 









Latest News




Ratings Changes Today






Ratings Changes Today













Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,200 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  ARES, ASH, AXTA, BLMN, CNTY, EVK, HCOM, JWN, OB, RUSHB, SEDG, SUN, VAR, WES
    
Downgrades:  CYBE, KIM
    
Initiations:  WBT
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Apr 27, 2017 11:00 AM EDT









Ashland Solves Again With Three New Personal Care Solutions At In-cosmetics Global Show In London


Apr 4, 2017 7:44 AM EDT









IACMI-The Composites Institute Announces Project To Optimize Resins And Sizings For Vinyl Ester / Carbon Fiber Composites


Mar 10, 2017 7:05 AM EST









Gabelli & Company's 8th Annual Specialty Chemicals Conference
Gabelli & Company will host its Specialty Chemicals Conference on March 22, 2017 in New York City.

Feb 16, 2017 7:00 AM EST













'Mad Money' Lightning Round: Southwestern Energy, UnitedHealth, Celgene and More
Jim Cramer favors UnitedHealth over Cerner, and U.S. Concrete more than Cemex.

Dec 23, 2016 6:00 AM EST













Jim Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap: Don't Worry About a Little Market Detour
Get used to some down days, says Jim Cramer, but don't lose sight of the success for financial stocks.

Dec 22, 2016 8:17 PM EST









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:  CSWC, FNV, INTT, SCHL, VSAT
    
Downgrades:  AE, ASH, CNTY, CVV, HCOM, JAZZ, JLL, KND, MAC, MGNX, NS, OLED, OLP, SCSC, SEAS, TGH, XNCR
    
Initiations:  ABTX
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Nov 9, 2016 11:00 AM EST













2 Specialty Chemical Stocks With Breakout Potential
Positive momentum and money flow could power these stocks through key resistance levels. Check out these charts.

Nov 9, 2016 7:43 AM EST













3 Stocks Improving Performance Of The Chemicals Industry
TheStreet highlights 3 stocks pushing the chemicals industry higher today.

Aug 1, 2016 1:03 PM EDT













Analysts' Actions -- Activision, Garmin, Match, Sirius and More
Here are Thursday's top research calls, including a downgrade for Activision and upgrades for Garmin, Match and Sirius XM.

Jul 28, 2016 8:05 AM EDT













Ashland (ASH) Is Water-Logged And Getting Wetter Today
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Ashland (ASH) as a "water-logged and getting wetter" (weak stocks crossing below support with today's range greater than 200%) candidate

Jul 27, 2016 9:56 AM EDT













Strong And Under The Radar: Ashland (ASH)
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Ashland (ASH) as a strong and under the radar candidate

Jul 20, 2016 10:09 AM EDT













Strong And Under The Radar Today: Ashland (ASH)
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Ashland (ASH) as a strong and under the radar candidate

Jul 8, 2016 9:45 AM EDT













Ashland Inc. (NYSE: ASH) Has Aligned With HORN As Its Exclusive Distribution Channel Partner To Distribute All Its Product Lines Sold Into The Oil And Gas Segment Throughout The U.S.
HORN, North America's premier distributor of specialty chemicals and raw materials, today announced a new addition to its portfolio of best-in-class specialty suppliers serving the oil and gas industry.

Jun 24, 2016 7:01 AM EDT













Short Interest In Ashland Moves 14% Lower
The most recent short interest data has been released by the NASDAQ for the 03/31/2016 settlement date, which shows a 425,229 share decrease in total short interest for Ashland Inc , to 2,583,245, a decrease of 14.13% since 03/15/2016. Total short interest is just one way to look at short data; another metric that we here at Dividend Channel find particularly useful is the "days to cover" metric because it considers both the total shares short and the average daily volume of shares traded.

Apr 13, 2016 2:11 PM EDT













'Mad Money' Lightning Round: Step Into Skechers Long Term
Cramer says to wait on GW Pharmaceuticals but he likes Ashland's fundamentals.

Mar 17, 2016 6:00 AM EDT













Jim Cramer's 'Mad Money' Recap: We've Won the War Against the Dollar
Cramer says the Federal Reserve took a 'common sense' approach to interest rates by only taking action when needed.

Mar 16, 2016 8:03 PM EDT









Ashland's Volume Signals Buyers Aren't Aggressive
The stock is likely to drift back down to the $95 to $90 area unless buyers kick it up a notch.

Mar 16, 2016 3:41 PM EDT









Ratings Changes Today
TheStreet Quant Ratings provides fair and objective information to help you make educated investing decisions.  We rate over 4,300 stocks daily and provide 5-page PDF reports for each stock.  These ratings can change daily and today's changes are reflected in the email below.  

If you are looking to check-up on the stocks you currently own or are looking for new ideas, you can find our full database of password-protected ratings reports in our proprietary ratings screener:  
http://www.thestreet.com/k/qr/flat/stock-screener.html    
    
Upgrades:   ASH, BORN, BX, CR, DDS, EEI, GIGM, HDS, NSAT, SHO, SLF, UNTD, URBN, VPG, WB
    
Downgrades:   EFOI, RMTI
    
Initiations:  MOMO
    
Read on to get TheStreet Quant Ratings' detailed report:

Mar 16, 2016 11:00 AM EDT













Activitists Add to Shopping Lists Thanks to Market's Selloff
Hedge funds are eyeing targets as a decline in valuations has made some targets relative bargains.

Feb 22, 2016 9:01 AM EST













Ashland Stock Sees Short Interest Decline 19.4%
The most recent short interest data has been released by the NASDAQ for the 01/15/2016 settlement date, which shows a 777,841 share decrease in total short interest for Ashland Inc , to 3,236,201, a decrease of 19.38% since 12/31/2015. Total short interest is just one way to look at short data; another metric that we here at Dividend Channel find particularly useful is the "days to cover" metric because it considers both the total shares short and the average daily volume of shares traded.

Jan 29, 2016 3:11 PM EST













3 Stocks Underperforming Today In The Chemicals Industry
TheStreet highlights 3 stocks pushing the chemicals industry lower today.

Jan 28, 2016 12:03 PM EST













Analyst Favorites With Strong Buyback Activity: Ashland Ranks As a Top Pick
A study of analyst recommendations at the major brokerages shows that Ashland Inc is the #14 broker analyst pick among those stocks screened by The Online Investor for strong stock buyback activity. To make that list, a stock must have repurchased at least 5% of its outstanding shares over the trailing twelve month period.

Dec 14, 2015 2:20 PM EST













Short Interest Surges 473.5% For ASH
The most recent short interest data has been released by the NASDAQ for the 11/30/2015 settlement date, which shows a 7,536,028 share increase in total short interest for Ashland Inc , to 9,127,587, an increase of 473.50% since 11/13/2015. Total short interest is just one way to look at short data; another metric that we here at Dividend Channel find particularly useful is the "days to cover" metric because it considers both the total shares short and the average daily volume of shares traded.

Dec 11, 2015 3:30 PM EST













Ashland (ASH) Marked As A Barbarian At The Gate
Trade-Ideas LLC identified Ashland (ASH) as a "barbarian at the gate" (strong stocks crossing above resistance with today's range greater than 200%) candidate

Nov 4, 2015 10:42 AM EST













Why DuPont Will Make a Major Comeback
The currently unloved chemical giant is poised to rebound on the strength of new leadership and internal streamlining.

Oct 28, 2015 8:11 AM EDT













Analysts' Actions -- Eli Lilly, Tesla, Wells Fargo, Gap
Here are Friday's top research calls, including upgrades at Eli Lilly and Wells Fargo, downgrades at Gap and Tesla.

Oct 9, 2015 8:48 AM EDT













Why Investors Need to Be Cautious When Companies Split
Experts caution the number of splitoffs is growing. Investors need to scrutinize each plan carefully for debt levels, pricing, sector market performance and other factors before jumping in.

Sep 29, 2015 8:38 AM EDT



















Next






Load More









Quant Rating on 3:59 PM EDT 7/25/2017


B+
(Buy)






Get the (ASH) Report Here 







From Our Partners



International Flavors' Growth Potential Solid Despite Risks

Zacks



Ashland Closes Reichhold's Manufacturing Facility Buyout

Zacks



Ashland goes ex-dividend on Tuesday

SeekingAlpha



Ashland's Sly Move When It Spun Off Valvoline

SeekingAlpha



Ashland (ASH) Closes Pharmachem Buyout, Expands Portfolio

Zacks



Ashland to Refinance Senior Notes Due 2018 with New Facility

Zacks



Energy/Materials - Top Gainers / Losers as of 2:00 pm

SeekingAlpha



KMG Chemicals (KMG) Looks Good: Stock Adds 5% in Session

Zacks



Ashland price target raised to $122 from $113 at Credit Suisse

The Fly



Ashland Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call Slides

SeekingAlpha



Ashland beats by $0.19, beats on revenue

SeekingAlpha



Notable earnings after Tuesday’s close

SeekingAlpha



Ashland acquisition positive,  says SunTrust

The Fly



Ashland to buy Pharmachem Labs for $660M

SeekingAlpha



Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (ASH) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for February 27, 2017

NASDAQ



























TheStreet
Quant Rating:

B+ (Buy)



Get the (ASH) Report Here 













 











Trending


AMD Shares Spike on Earnings Beat and Strong Q3 Sales Guidance


Facebook's Q2 Results Should Make Snap CEO Evan Spiegel Wish He Had Accepted a $3B Buyout Offer


Apple Eats Pigs, Advanced Micro Devices Is Explosive -- 3 Hot Stories Before the Close


A Stock Analyst Thinks Apple's iPhone 8 Release Will Resemble a Snake Eating a Pig


Advanced Micro Devices Could Explode Another 17% Within Hours: Chart











Advertising Partners



 






 






 






 


























 

























 







































 


©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved.Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc.




Compare Brokers



 







 







 







 







 







 












Ashland Global Holdings (ASH) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Ashland Global Holdings (ASH) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call TranscriptApr.26.17 | About: Ashland Inc. (ASH) Ashland Global Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:ASH)
Q2 2017 Earnings Call
April 26, 2017 9:00 am ET
Executives
Seth A. Mrozek - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
William A. Wulfsohn - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
J. Kevin Willis - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
Analysts
Jeffrey Schnell - Jefferies LLC
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (NYSE:USA) LLC
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Michael J. Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Operator
Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ashland Global Holdings Inc. Second Quarter Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Seth Mrozek. You may begin.
Seth A. Mrozek - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
Thank you, Michelle. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Ashland's second quarter fiscal 2017 earnings conference call and webcast. My name is Seth Mrozek, Director, Ashland Investor Relations. Joining me on the call today are Bill Wulfsohn, Ashland's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Kevin Willis, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
We released preliminary results for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 at approximately 5:00 PM Eastern time yesterday, April 25. Additionally we posted slides and prepared remarks to our website, Ashland.com, under the Investor Relations section, and have furnished each of these documents to the SEC in a Form 8-K.
As a reminder, some of the matters discussed toady and included in our presentations may include forward-looking statements as such term is defined under U.S. Securities law. We believe any such statements are based on reasonable assumptions, but cannot assure that such expectations will be achieved. Please also note that we will be discussing adjusted results during this call. We believe this enhances the understanding of our performance by more accurately reflecting our ongoing business.
With that I will turn the call over to Bill. Bill?
William A. Wulfsohn - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
Thank you, Seth, and good morning, everyone. Yesterday was a momentous day, as we announced the final step in the Valvoline separation. And as you may have read, on May 12, just a few weeks away, we will be distributing all of Ashland's remaining interest in Valvoline to Ashland shareholders. This represents the final step in our journey to create two great companies, both positioned for success with the flexibility, strategic focus, and financial resources needed to generate revenue and earnings growth. It also represents the beginning of exciting new chapters for both the new Ashland and Valvoline.
From a new Ashland perspective, we are focused on Ashland's two core priorities for the year. The first is to position Ashland to deliver against our fiscal year 2017 plan. And the second core priority is to pivot Ashland to reach its full potential as the premier specialty chemical company.
I'd like to first speak to the subject of building the premier specialty chemical company. As a core part of that objective, it relates to continuing to upgrade and enhance our portfolio. And to that end, last month we announced an agreement to acquire Pharmachem Laboratories, a leading provider of quality ingredients to the global health and wellness industry with high-valued differentiated products offered also to fragrance and flavor houses. With this acquisition, we see a number of exciting growth opportunities, as it will strengthen our specialty product portfolio, particularly in high-margin end markets.

It also enhances our position in fast growing nutraceutical end markets. It opens new opportunities within flavors and fragrance, and it strengthens Ashland's food ingredients business by adding customized functional solutions. We believe that by combining Pharmachem and Ashland we can leverage our extensive sales channels, technical service network, and global application labs to accelerate Pharmachem's growth while also generating significant cash flow. We expect to complete this transaction by the end of June and look forward to welcoming Pharmachem's talented employees to the Ashland team.
Returning now to our performance in the quarter, Ashland's overall financial performance reflects significant progress in a number of key areas. Within Ashland's Specialty Ingredients, the team delivered volume growth of approximately 4%. Sales were up 3% to $544 million, driven by increased sales in most of ASI's key end markets.
Consumer Specialties grew 2% year-over-year in sales with the strongest growth coming from personal care. And it is important to note that the personal care team generated strong results across all of their end markets this quarter.
In pharma, the team worked to optimize our sales mix. And to be more specific, what we're doing is we're migrating production assets away from lower margin products to higher margin products. And next week when we meet at our Investor Day, we're going to speak more to this type of product mix upgrade activity.
Within ASI's Industrial division, the team drove strong volume gains across all of their end markets. And from a regional perspective, ASI saw strong customer demand in China. It's important to note the team also did a great job in controlling SG&A which was down in ASI by about $1 million year-over-year. Now despite these gains, overall ASI EBITDA was flat versus prior year. And that was due to negative impact of rising raw materials and currency in the quarter. Later in the call I'm going to speak to the actions ASI is taking to sustain revenue growth while improving its profit trajectory.
Moving now to Ashland's Performance Materials. The team delivered sales of $262 million, which represents a 10% increase over the same period prior year. And adjusted EBITDA was $23 million, which was consistent with the outlook provided at the beginning of the quarter. This was a good result and a good outcome, as the Composite team generated 5% volume growth during the quarter, driven by solid demand from customers in North America and China. And I'd like to note that shortly after our January earnings call, a major supplier of one of our key raw materials for Composite, styrene, announced a force majeure which resulted in dramatic cost increases.
The Composites teams responded quickly and aggressively. And their first priority was to ensure continuity of supply to their customers. And at the same time, the Composites teams focused on driving price increases to offset these increases in raw material costs. Both of these efforts were successful, although there is a lag in the quarter between the timing of raw material price increases which were immediate and finished good pricing which followed 30 days to 60 days later. And that did have a negative impact on Composites margins in Q2.
Net-net, the Composites business drove 10% sales growth which was more than offset by the increased raw material pricing in the quarter. The good news is that based upon the price increases put in place, the impact of raw material inflation in Composites is expected to be fully offset in the second half of our fiscal year.
Moving to the Intermediates and Solvents portion of APM, the Intermediates and Solvents team grew volume by 21% and sales by 8% as improved demand offset substantially lower selling prices. As anticipated, I&S earnings were below the prior year, BDO pricing was down versus last year. The good news is that during the quarter the I&S team increased prices substantially and now expects year-over-year pricing to more than offset raw material inflation in the second half of the year. And we are optimistic that this is the beginning of the market recovery we've been anticipating for some time.

Finally moving to Valvoline, this will be the last quarter that we'll be referencing Valvoline's performance. And I encourage you to read their earnings release where they profile good gains in lubricant sales on both sales and gallons basis. I'd like to congratulate the Valvoline team on another strong quarter, but more specifically thank the team for all their many contributions to Ashland over the years.
I'll now turn the call over to Kevin to discuss some corporate items.
J. Kevin Willis - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
Thank you, Bill, and good morning, everyone.
In the quarter we reported GAAP earnings from continuing operations attributable to Ashland of $1.42 per diluted share. When adjusted for key items, earnings per share attributable to Ashland were $1.71, and adjusted EBITDA was $247 million. While these amounts are below the prior year, remember that they do not include the Valvoline net income attributable to Ashland's non-controlling 17% interest, which totaled $0.21 per share on a diluted basis a year ago and $24 million of adjusted EBITDA.
As Bill just mentioned, ASI delivered sales and volume growth. And overall, APM earnings were consistent with our outlook as both Composites and I&S delivered solid volume growth.
With respect to Pharmachem and the balance sheet, as Bill just mentioned, we expect to close the transaction by the end of the June quarter. We intend to finance the transaction through a combination of bank debt and cash on the balance sheet. We expect the incremental interest expense to be approximately $20 million per year and paying down debt will be our primary use of free cash flow until we achieve our targeted leverage ratio of 3.5 times gross debt to EBITDA. Based on current projections, we think it will take a couple of years to reach that target.
Furthermore, Ashland's liquidity remains strong. As of March 31 and excluding Valvoline, we had cash and borrowing capacity of nearly $1.3 billion.
Our effective tax rate for the second quarter after adjusting for key items was 24%. This was below our estimate of 28% to 29% due primarily to discrete items and income mix during the quarter. For the third quarter of fiscal 2017, Ashland expects an adjusted annual effective tax rate of 10% to 15%, reflecting Ashland's global footprint and the full separation of Valvoline.
In looking at cash taxes, we estimate that post separation Ashland's cash tax rate would land in the low to mid 20% range. The biggest difference between the book and cash tax rate is related to intangibles that run through the effective tax rate but are not deductible for cash tax purposes. However, cash taxes will also be influenced by income mix and discrete items, not unlike the book tax rate.
Our current estimate for free cash flow excluding Valvoline for fiscal 2017 is now $90 million to $100 million, including $60 million to $70 million of one-time separation and severance related payments. The reduction is being driven primarily by investments into working capital related to the increase in raw material costs. We should get this back through pricing actions over the course of time. While the team is working to mitigate these effects, it will take some time to do so.
Now I'll turn the call back over to Bill.
William A. Wulfsohn - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
Thank you, Kevin. Turning now to our outlook for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2017. Within ASI we see continued sales growth in the second half of the year. For the third quarter, ASI sales are expected to be in the range of $535 million to $565 million. The team is working hard to offset raw material inflation, which is expected to represent approximately $9 million of incremental cost in Q3 and $16 million for the second half of the fiscal year. More specifically, the team is working to accelerate sales of new product introductions, such as Endurance, which we'll talk about next week at our Investor Day but was recently recognized with the gold medal at the in-cosmetics show. The team is also reducing SG&A spending, and more specifically they're working to realize the impact of our price-to-value initiatives, which we'll also discuss next week at our Investor Day. As a result, we estimate ASI's adjusted EBITDA in Q3 to be roughly equal to prior year, which is at the center of our outlook range.

Beginning in Q4, we expect to see the positive impact of Pharmachem which could be in Q4 $10 million to $15 million. With this addition, for the full year we are narrowing our outlook range for ASI adjusted EBITDA to $485 million to $500 million.
For APM, we expect to see the result of our pricing initiatives having a positive impact in the quarter. APM expects third quarter sales to be in the range of $260 million to $280 million and adjusted EBITDA in the range of $27 million to $33 million versus $30 million in the year-ago period. Perhaps more importantly, we are increasing our full-year APM forecast and now expect full-year EBITDA for the segment to be in the range of $100 million to $110 million.
Before leaving APM, I'd like to make a quick note on another acquisition we announced earlier this month. In early April Ashland announced that we have made a binding offer to acquire a composites resin manufacturing facility in Etain, France, from Reichhold. This facility manufactures unsaturated polyester resins, or UPR, and they're used in a variety of end markets such as transportation and construction. And the transaction, which is expected to be completed by the end of June, is really a unique opportunity for us to strengthen our cost competitiveness and position the European composites market at a highly attractive price with very compelling terms and conditions related to the purchase.
So now in summary, thus far this fiscal year we have really made some great progress in key areas. I think yesterday's separate announcement that Ashland will be distributing all of its remaining interest in Valvoline to Ashland shareholders on May 12 represents an important and final step in our journey to create two companies. Within ASI we are driving sales and volume growth in the majority of our key end markets and we must build on that momentum in the second half of the year and fully offset raw material inflation with pricing actions. Within APM, both the Composites and I&S teams have raised prices already to help offset the expected impact of raw material inflation in the second half of 2017.
And it's worth noting that we've also been taking aggressive actions across the globe to hold our year-over-year SG&A constant through various cost savings initiatives.
Now we have a lot more to share with you about our strategies and performance targets when we hold our Investor Day next Monday. And I encourage you to attend or participate via webcast.
Thank you for your interest in Ashland, and I will now turn the call over to the operator to take your questions.
Question-and-Answer Session
Operator
Our first question comes from Laurence Alexander of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Schnell - Jefferies LLC
Hi. Good morning. This is Jeff Schnell on for Laurence.
William A. Wulfsohn - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
Good morning.
Jeffrey Schnell - Jefferies LLC
Good morning. If I take the midpoint of the EBITDA range for ASI at $492 million and Performance Materials at $105 million, take out corporate overhead of $30 million, layer in Pharmachem at say $60 million, and adjust for restructuring to fully offset costs related to this spin, is it fair to peg that EBITDA floor for building a bridge to 2018 at roughly $650 million before allowing for organic growth and FX? And as a follow-on, what core competency does Pharmachem give you? Or is it more of a matter of a broader distribution channel? Thank you.
J. Kevin Willis - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
I'll take the first question. I think it's too early to actually be talking about fiscal 2018. We've got a lot of moving parts right now. And as we move through the remainder of fiscal 2017, we'll provide more color around what we expect 2018 to look like. And we'll also be talking about broader performance targets over the coming several years next Monday at the Investor Day. And so rather than providing what would be or could be a pretty specific number, I'd prefer to hold off on that for a while. It's just too early.

William A. Wulfsohn - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
And as for the addition of Pharmachem, clearly there is a very complimentary component of the business. The overlap of the business in terms of augmenting the range of solutions that we can provide to customers, taking our excipients technology and working in the nutraceuticals area, they have very advanced manufacturing capability in granulation, in co-processing, which is very beneficial to us and actually will allow us to do certain activities in-house that we've had to toll (18:53) in the past. And the flavors and fragrance, that's really brings some new chemistries that will augment our existing portfolio where we offer, for example, encapsulation technology that also helps within that broader realm. So I think their specific technologies that they bring, and they do have very specific chemistry technology, they're bringing along with their know-how and advanced manufacturing capabilities will be very complimentary to the businesses that we have, most specifically in the personal care and pharma and nutrition.
Jeffrey Schnell - Jefferies LLC
Great. Thank you.
Operator
Our next question comes from John Roberts of UBS. Your line is open.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC
Thank you. Could you talk about some of the ASI raw materials? You transferred BDO into ASI and buy cellulose and propylene and some other derivatives there.
William A. Wulfsohn - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
Yes. Sure. Sure. Good morning, John. In the quarter, we did see some increase in costs related to BDO transfer from within our own company because, as we described, the raw material costs in that business went up. That represented about a $1.5 million worth of the increase. Some other areas where we're seeing some increases really are around cotton linters which are up a bit due to supply and demand and some activities within China and in general, dynamics that are going in polypropylene. So we do have some things that are going in our favor.
I would describe the raw material market as being a little more volatile. The fact that crude oil is up by about 7.5% versus where we were at the end of the calendar year, those are things that are impacting the raw materials for the business. But what's most important is it's our responsibility and we are taking actions to offset that raw material inflation, some of which is through pricing. Other is through cost. And, of course, we're trying to drive a premium mix. So I hope that answers your question.
John Roberts - UBS Securities LLC
Okay. Yes. Secondly, does the French deal position Composites as capable of being a core specialty business longer term? Or it just improves its position, but you still at some point need to address its role in the portfolio?
William A. Wulfsohn - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
So I'll try to respond to your question. But I would encourage you to, if you can participate in next week's investor meeting, because we will specifically talk to the role of each parts of our portfolio. And I think what's important, first of all on the acquisition that we're making, again, it was under very attractive terms and it provides some really great synergies as we try to drive that business more efficiently while serving our customers. So we believe it will be very positive or have a very positive impact on our overall composites network.
As for the role of Composites, I think we've been very clear that the team there actually does a really great job of seeking out specialty portions of the marketplace, like the vinyl ester resins that are used in flue gas desulfurization and other activities. We also recognize that there is a volatility, or if you will, there aren't the same margin profile that you have in a specialty chemical company.

At the same time, the team has done a really good job of managing their costs down. And so they've been able to improve their contributions to our company. And our focus really is to take that business, which by the way also has strong cash generation, and really focus on driving greater, if you will, growth from earnings. We're not looking to make it a more sizable business. It may grow a bit, but we're not looking to make it more sizable per say, but we do see it as a valuable part of our portfolio. And down the road, we'll assess what makes sense across our entire portfolio. But for today and for the foreseeable future, we see it as an important part of what we do. And again, I wouldn't underestimate the role that they have in terms of providing cash, and cash, a significant portion of that in the U.S. here, where we have some pretty strong cash needs, so.
J. Kevin Willis - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
And the only other thing that I would add to that is that the business also covers a certain amount of somewhat fixed corporate costs that would have to be otherwise managed out if it weren't in the portfolio. So there's a pretty strong contribution to the overall financial health of the business with regard to that as well.
William A. Wulfsohn - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
Yes. And I would just add, because you were referencing, I wouldn't – we're going to share next week a definition of what we think is a true specialty business. And the Composites business has some attributes of it, not all attributes of what we would consider to be a true specialty chemical company business. But I will say that that team is one that has really done a good job of focusing on trying to expand the role of differentiated product sales, which have a higher margin profile within their business. And so they go at it the right way. And I don't think it's – to me it's not your average UPR business. I think we've got something that performs at a higher level.
Operator
Our next question comes from David Begleiter of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
William A. Wulfsohn - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
Good morning, David.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Good morning. Bill, in ASI, is it taking longer than you would have expected to get pricing through to offset the high raw material costs?
William A. Wulfsohn - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
Well, I mean first of all, the raw material inflation that we saw and are referencing, really it popped up primarily after the earnings call that we had in January. So it takes a bit of a time to respond. We have annual contracts and other things. We do expect to fully offset the impact of raw material inflation. Some of that will be through pricing, and others will be through other cost activities. One of the things that we'll touch on next week is there are areas where we have we'll say more pricing leverage within our portfolio, and we can move things along more quickly. Pharma, nutrition, personal care will be those areas, and certainly select segments in the industrial market. And then there are some other areas where the reality is that we have to work harder, and the industry as a whole has to see that inflation ultimately ending in raw materials or price increases.
So we've got a good split with the majority of what we do driven by those things where we have some pricing leverage. But like we're going to explain next week, there are pockets where we are somewhat subject to what's going on within our broader industry. As you can imagine we're use (26:12) cellulosics, and I'm getting into some stuff we plan to talk about next week, but where we sell some of that for specialty grades and pharmaceutical materials, it's a lot easier than when we're providing maybe some MC that goes into concrete applications. So that's the scenario or the broader picture.

At the same time we see opportunities, and especially in some of those more price sensitive areas, to price to value, which I will wait until next week to go into, and frankly, to make sure that we are running our network very efficiently so that they are not only very competitive, but we can offset inflation of raw materials and make sure we continue to deliver profit growth. So I think that was probably more than you were looking for. We're all geared up for our Investor Day, and these are some of the themes. But to the great extent, we do expect to offset it. Most of that will be through pricing. Some will be through some other activities.
David I. Begleiter - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Very clear. And just lastly in ASI, Bill, 4% volume growth in Q2. It was a strong Q1 as well. Is that type of volume growth sustainable in the back half of the year for ASI?
William A. Wulfsohn - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
Well, certainly we are – we have seen the growth. And one of the things we'll show next week is that in our core segments, they have been growing. We've talked about this over the years. And now that we have a lot of static of other items behind us, really I think you'll continue to see volume growth in the aggregate for the business. So, yes. I won't say it's going to be 4%. It could be more. It could be less. But we do expect to see volume growth in the second half of the year.
Operator
Our next question comes from Chris Parkinson of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Thank you. Can you just give us a quick update on your ambitions for a new core product growth across personal care, pharma, and coatings? I think you already had a few things in personal care, specifically hair care and I guess coatings last year. But just anything else you're looking at which could benefit the end of the fiscal year or into even fiscal year 2018. Thank you.
William A. Wulfsohn - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
Yes. You bet, Chris. Good morning. And again, I apologize if – and I'm not pushing off these questions. Next week you're going to hear from each one of the business leaders. And in their presentations you're going to hear about some specific products which are having an impact on our sales today and will in the future. I mean, ultimately we need to drive and we're targeting 30% of our sales from new and proprietary products. And we believe that that's essential to allowing us to offset, if you will, other elements of the portfolio that just naturally mature over time. And so I would say since we have specific case examples next week, I'd rather talk to them there.
But the opportunity I referenced before where Endurance, where we were able to introduce a product which is based upon our hybrid technology, something we've been talking about, and really is unique, unique in the terms that it penetrates the hair and actually heals from within. This is different technology, a different approach than other materials which tend to deal with issues on the surface of the hair. And we have a number of large end-customers who are actively working to formulate that into their end products. So if I can, I'll defer more specific detail because that will be I think a pretty important part of our presentation next week. And you'll get that granularity that I think you're looking for.
Christopher S. Parkinson - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
That's still fair. And also just very quickly on your M&A strategy, can you just give any broad highlights without spoiling anything for next week regarding your new F&F exposure gained from Pharmachem, as well as elaborate on your previous comments regarding the pharma end market? I guess that's also been a focus. I'm sure you're always searching across your entire portfolio but these two seem like they could be an area of focus. So do you have any general thoughts as we progress forward? Thank you.

William A. Wulfsohn - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
Well, certainly, and it's important to note that as we complete the acquisition of Pharmachem, one of our first and foremost priorities is to onboard that business smoothly to make sure, of course, we sustain faith in responsible operations as they have. And it's important to us that we keep our customers happy and that we keep our employees engaged. And we have lots of ideas for, if you will, commercial synergies, technology synergies where the businesses can complement each other. But I'd also emphasize that as we justified the acquisition, the criteria that we used didn't include any of those potential benefits. It was really based upon cost and tax-based synergies and feel very good about the associated returns because of that.
So in the pharma market, I think what you'll hear is that there really are some new pockets leveraging some of our core technologies. For example, we've really grown our cellulosics portion of our portfolio and the pharma sales, giving new functionality in the market space. We do see emerging mega trends which allow us to move forward with a variety of new, very close, adjacent technologies which we're working on and frankly Pharmachem will help us with.
In the personal care area, biofunctionals are becoming a more and more important part of what we do, and we think we're very well positioned with the work that's been done over the course of the last several years. So I hope I got your question there. And if not, please clarify and I'll try to clarify for you.
Operator
Our next question comes from Jim Sheehan of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Your line is open.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Good morning. With respect to ASI raw materials, it looks like you've got some exposure there to propylene and butane as well as cotton linters that have moved up on you. But the propylene and butane prices seem to have fallen in the last few weeks here, and maybe that cost pressure is dissipating. Can you talk about just the overall cost pressure you're seeing and whether in the current quarter if that has eased considerably since last quarter?
William A. Wulfsohn - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
Certainly. And that is good news. I'll point out another one that we – last year the euro was at $1.13. And when we started a month ago, it was down at about $1.05 or $1.06. We've seen a nice recovery, which is reflected in our forecast here. But from a raw material standpoint, we have projected forward and we just had a detailed review, what we think is a balanced view as to those prices going forward and reflected that in our outlook. Like you, we would love to see some of these raw materials continue to go down and have that work its way through to the raw material. And we hope that that will be the case, but we also use a phrase here that hope is not a strategy. So we're going with the best information we have right now, and it would be great if we could see some upside. And it's possible.
But there has been volatility. I mean in January a lot of what we were talking about wasn't as prominent. So we've seen some big spikes up, and then we've seen some relief. Certainly with the butane, that reduction is helping. That's part of what we were referencing in terms of the BDO business, that will help the BDO business as they goes forward and was part of what allowed us or made us feel more comfortable raising our outlook for that part of the business.
J. Kevin Willis - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
And ultimately, if those lower prices sustain over time, they will work through inventory, as Bill indicated. It's been the volatility of some of those raws up and down that cause us to, I guess, be perhaps a bit cautious in terms of the second half of the year.

James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
In cellulosics, do you have any ability to switch from using cotton linters to wood pulp?
William A. Wulfsohn - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
We do have some flexibility. And to a great degree, it depends upon the specific applications that we're working with in some of the very high performance areas. You're really limited to a specific set of raw materials that you've qualified in the product. Other areas we do have more flexibility. And that, as we're referencing, that's part of making sure that even with the type of volatility that you can see in raw materials that we find effective ways to offset it. So it's certainly something the team is looking at.
And we're also engaging our research team, which is very capable in terms of developing new technologies but also has really great capabilities to, if you will, evolve our formulations. And they're spending more time and energy trying to help us improve our manufacturing processes and the related costs and look at raw material substitutions that can optimize our formula from a cost standpoint. And we think that's an important component of success going forward.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Finally, are you seeing any rebound in your energy business?
William A. Wulfsohn - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
We are. We are. That business was up pretty substantially, if you will, over the prior year. I'm just taking a quick look in quarter two. If you give me just one second here because I have it. I believe it's around 9% that we saw an increase in energy. So, right, I'm just taking a look here; more like 5%, 6% in energy. And so that's great to see. And it's not the portion of our portfolio that it once was. And frankly, because of the cyclicality, we're not trying to make it front and center in our strategic focus.
On the other hand, it's really great to help on the volume side. And when you see that demand increases, it not only helps us because we get additional revenue. But when you look at cellulosics capabilities around the globe, a significant part of that goes to energy applications. And so when demand picks up, that means that there's greater utilization of those assets. And when there's greater utilization of those assets, that does affect supply-demand dynamics in some of these areas which are a little bit more price sensitive. So it's a good trend. And I wouldn't say it materially moved the needle for us, but as it continues it could have a healthy effect on our business in total.
J. Kevin Willis - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
And just to put it in perspective, on a trailing 12 basis, energy is about 2% of ASI revenue.
James Sheehan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Thank you.
Operator
Our next question comes from Mike Harrison of Seaport Global Securities. Your line is open.
William A. Wulfsohn - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
Morning, Mike.
Michael J. Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC
Hi. Good morning.
J. Kevin Willis - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
Good morning.
Michael J. Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC
Bill, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the integration process with Pharmachem. If you look back, it predates your time with the company, but when Ashland acquired the ISP business, the integration with the Hercules assets was expected to be kind of a home run, and it really – I think the execution you could say didn't go very well. So I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about what lessons were learned during that process. And how you're going to avoid some of the mistakes of the past, particularly as we look at new product commercialization and that process?
William A. Wulfsohn - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
Sure. Sure. What I would say, and I wasn't here so I really don't have anything. Perhaps Kevin could comment on the ISP integration. But what I can tell you in this case, and I've referenced our priorities going forward, we think that the businesses that we're acquiring are strong with strong leadership, and we recognize that while they're very complimentary, that their imperatives are a bit different than the imperatives that we have for success in some of our other markets. And so we will have an integration manager, of course. And we will be, if you will, setting really clear guidelines that our goal is to not make any major adjustments in the business for at least a six month period.

Then after that, once the Pharmachem team knows Ashland a little better and we know Pharmachem a little better, then we'll think of what steps make sense and what the appropriate timing is to get at some of the synergies that we'd like to see, whether they be cost or revenue based. But I think we start from a position – and again, this isn't in contrast to ISP, it's just in general, of respecting the team and their business, and not coming in with the hubris to think that we know their business better and we can drive lots of fast synergies.
And we want to be very methodical about this, and the business is a healthy business. We are not looking to overwhelm it and make it Ashland-ized. I mean we feel very good about what that means, what Ashland means, I don't mean to imply anything bad. But we've got to make sure we support what has made this business have a really strong track record of continued growth and success. And so I can't comment so much before. But hopefully you pick up from that attitude the way we're going at it. And I think that's the real key to success in this particular case.
J. Kevin Willis - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
And I'll comment on the ISP piece. I think if I would probably have one item to put on the table, I think we underclubbed the cultural aspects of the integration. And the amount of time and effort, perhaps, that was put into that was less than it should have been. Part of that I think had to do with the fact that we were still moving down a transformation path. And that was very much the culture of Ashland at the time. And one of the things that I think is very encouraging about where we sit today is we've done a lot of work over the past year, year and a half around really looking at what we want the new Ashland to be culturally as one organization, one team, all rowing, pulling in the same direction with the same objectives. And I think that we're in a much, much better position today from a cultural aspect than we were five, six years ago when we pulled ISP into the company. So that's, if I would chalk it up to one item, that would be it.
Michael J. Harrison - Seaport Global Securities LLC
All right. Thanks for the color there. And then, just curious on the pricing approach in ASI. Was wondering if you can give a little more detail on how that's changed. I think it's been a few years since you had to go out and get pricing. You've had some changes in some of the competitive dynamics, particularly in personal care. And then obviously internally there's an increasing drive toward more specialty products. Can you just talk about how much traction, how confident you are that you're going to be able to get the pricing that you need? And is it something that's going to take a three to six month-type timeframe? Or could it be a longer term timeframe?
William A. Wulfsohn - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
Yes. So first of all, I would say that as we more or less referenced a few minutes ago that we have a range of products and value propositions. In those areas which are most differentiated, we think that we can reasonably pass along the price increases. I think in – that fits pharma, that fits personal care well or at least a great majority of it. And I think it also impacts the Industrial business. But in the Industrial business, I think you do have some more price sensitive areas where we are part of the market, we're a leader in the market. We've announced price increases, and we're working hard to get them.
I guess from my perspective, our job ultimately is to get those price increases, or in those areas where there's more sensitivity and we see inflation, to drive the costs so that we offset anything we can't pass along. Or we look at, and this will be part of what we discuss, things that or offerings that we've done more of in the past because they were extreme premium markets, we can focus on making sure that customers pay for specific services that we used to give for free. And so there are a variety of techniques that we can use to sustain and grow the profitability. Much easier where you've got pricing leverage, but I think it's the whole equation as it relates to our business. And so I think the pricing activities, you'll – we should see impact over the next three to six months, and – in the cost area and how we operate the business. As you'll hear next week, we're working hard on those today, and we think we've got some real action levers in those areas. And it's not just cutting SG&A; it's really how we operate the business.

Operator
Our next question comes from Dmitry Silversteyn of Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC
Good morning, guys.
William A. Wulfsohn - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
Good morning.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC
A couple of questions, if I may. First of all, just looking at the growth that you guys are delivering in Composites, mid single-digit volume growth I think you talked about. You mentioned sort of the flue exhaust as one of the areas of growth and rolling out vinyl resins. Can you talk about what other industries or end markets are driving the Composites growth? My understanding is the wind market is not being particularly strong this year, and I think that was an area of growth for you. So what is it your team doing in terms of broadening the approach or getting deeper into the markets that's leading to this mid single-digit growth?
William A. Wulfsohn - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
Sure. And I guess I would – while you're asking about end markets, and those do add up and matter, in this particular business we've really seen some nice growth year-over-year in China and the rest of Asia. And so I think that that's an important area or region where we're seeing greater strength and activity. In addition, we are a leader, an innovator, in the area of providing materials for the engineered stone, the countertops we go to (46:30) pay premium for in the marketplace. And we really work and develop a range of solutions to enable our manufacturers. And it's interesting because initially that technology that we provided helped to create the product. And then now it's focused on things like stain resistance, getting more production through existing assets. So really trying to stay ahead and continue to add value to that segment. So that's one where I think we can point and say we've seen some growth.
We've seen some growth in transportation-related applications. And that's not just because they're creating more vehicles, but because we're specked in on some really interesting applications we'll talk about next week. And again, those are areas where we're more differentiated in terms of what we offer.
So between the regional component and some of those niche growth markets that the team has innovated in, I think that covers the 5% we've seen. And, of course, the revenue growth also includes impact of increasing prices. So that's why there's a differential there.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC
Got you. That's very helpful. And then just a broader question I guess on the quarterly results. Your revenues in both segments sort of exceeded the high end of the guidance that you provided heading into the quarter but your EBITDA margins were below the low end of the guidance that you provided for the quarter. Is it all just a function of raw material pricing timing or is there some mix or, I don't know, inefficiencies or yields or something creeping in why the results were what they were?
William A. Wulfsohn - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
Yeah. I certainly would point to raw materials and FX as being important drivers of what we do. But I also just say we want to talk about the actions that we take to overcome the challenges that come before us. So, yes, we can provide you a bridge and show you that those were things that offset the impact of volume, or at least significantly. But we have other levers that we need to pull and that's really what we're focused on.
Dmitry Silversteyn - Longbow Research LLC
Okay. All right. Fair enough. And then final question. In the ASI segment, I haven't heard you guys talk about the adhesives business, the (48:41) adhesives business you have. That was an area of strength in the past. Can you just sort of touch on what's going on there now and how does it work in your outlook and for the second half of the year?

William A. Wulfsohn - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
Yes. Certainly. And when we go through the market section next week of our businesses, we're going to share our broader thesis and then go a little deeper into the respective markets. We'll break out adhesives because it really is different than a lot of the other things we do within the industrial business. And this is a business that has had and/or we anticipate having continued sales growth. So we're continuing to grow it. It's been a good growth story, which you'll see. And it faces its own challenges when it comes to raw material inflation. There's some raw material inflation. We have to make sure that that's fully digested and appreciated, that dynamic, with our customers. But they continue to grow their sales and do it through – we break it into market growth and share gain, and the markets are growing. But we also see us picking up some share in those spaces as well.
Operator
Our next question comes from Mike Sison of KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Hi, guys. Nice quarter there. When you think about ASI, the guidance was I guess trimmed a little bit despite pretty good volume growth. Is that more a function that you'll sort of get what you need in pricing and be able to pick that up in the December quarter or maybe in early parts of fiscal 2018?
William A. Wulfsohn - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
Yes. So I think in that area, we obviously for the year took the bottom end of the range up, but we're including what we think will be some contribution from Pharmachem in the fourth quarter. We, like you, would have anticipated being more towards the middle of our range, right, which we put out earlier in the quarter. And as we mentioned, we have had some dynamics that have gone against us. Some of those are a little less prominent now. It's good to see the dollar strengthen, even though for this quarter, this calendar quarter last year, the euro average I believe was $1.13, and so we're still a bit below that. And so, yes, I mean our actions are to drive the things we've talked about, including pricing, and offset those. We didn't see it in this quarter. We're going to have some impact next quarter, more than we have this quarter. I think it'll take a quarter or two if we look just on the pricing front to kind of work that through the whole equation.
But the other dynamic is it could come a little quicker if, what we were talking about earlier, if raw materials start to fall a little bit because of these other dynamics, that takes that pricing challenge. It's a little bit different in terms of the degree. And I'd emphasize, sometimes when you don't move these things forward day one, it's because a lot of our business is done through quarterly contracts or annual contracts. They're not spot purchases, which you know. So we can't – I mean in the extreme I suppose we can go to customers, but it's hard to go in and say, well, we got an increase today and so tomorrow your price is going up. It takes real work, real work, hard work, and to justify it, as there are always competitors out there who for whatever reason are hungry to be opportunistic, because it's incremental to them.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Right.
William A. Wulfsohn - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
Yes. I think it will build. And it's our job to offset it, so.
Michael J. Sison - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.
Okay. Great. And then just a quick follow-up. The $10 million to $15 million I think you talked about Pharmachem, is that a good run rate on an annualized basis for the addition?
J. Kevin Willis - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
We've sized that to be around $60 million at this point, based on our diligence and things that went into us ultimately agreeing to buy the business. We don't feel like there's, number one, cyclicality. And frankly, number two, not much seasonality in the business either. And so we'll give more color on that we move forward with closing it and getting to know it much, much better. But that's probably the way you should think about it at this point.

Operator
There are no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to Seth Mrozek for any closing remarks.
Seth A. Mrozek - Ashland Global Holdings, Inc.
Thank you very much, Michelle. Thank you very much, everyone, for your time this morning. And thank you for your interest in Ashland. I hope everyone has a great day. Bye-bye.
Operator
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.
Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS.
If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!
About this article:ExpandTagged: Basic Materials, Chemicals - Major Diversified, TranscriptsError in this transcript? Let us know.Contact us to add your company to our coverage or use transcripts in your business.Learn more about Seeking Alpha transcripts here.Follow SA Transcripts and get email alertsSearch TranscriptThis transcriptFindAll transcriptsFindCompare To:All ASH TranscriptsOther Companies in this sector





Basic Materials and Energy Stocks | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO»Basic Materials and Energy StocksMid-Con Energy Q2 2017 ForecastMCEP• Today, 5:25 PM • JSG_DRIP•1 CommentGazprom - Value Or Value Trap?OGZPY, GZPFY• Today, 4:05 PM • Sven Carlin•4 CommentsNewmont Mining Corporation (Holding Company) 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesNEM• Today, 3:57 PM • SA TranscriptsFreeport-McMoRan Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesFCX• Today, 3:57 PM • SA TranscriptsCameco: Uranium Rebound PlayCCJ• Today, 3:49 PM • Samuel Smith•21 CommentsPhillips 66: Get Ready For An Upside Breakout On A Strong Q2 ReportEditors' Pick • PSX• Today, 3:35 PM • Michael Fitzsimmons•10 CommentsChevron - Q2 Earnings And BeyondCVX• Today, 3:29 PM • Aisha Rahman•4 CommentsChromaDex: New Cash, New Strategy: Will Success Follow?CDXC• Today, 3:19 PM • Montana Investment Analysis•4 CommentsExamining Legacy Reserves Ahead Of Q2 EarningsLGCY• Today, 3:11 PM • Daniel Jones•10 CommentsChevron: The Worst House In A Bad NeighborhoodCVX• Today, 3:10 PM • Josh Arnold•6 CommentsExxon Mobil: An Easy DecisionXOM• Today, 2:41 PM • Josh Arnold•8 CommentsPlains All American's Yield Isn't Secure Yet, But Real Progress Being MadePAA• Today, 2:38 PM • Callum Turcan•4 CommentsThe Bloom Is Still Off (NPK-Dependent, Non-Sustainable, Non-Economically Viable) Algae BiofuelsEditors' Pick • XOM, TVIA• Today, 1:29 PM • Durwood DuggerVenator Materials Readies $477 Million IPO From HuntsmanVNTR• Today, 1:18 PM • Donovan JonesFreeport-McMoRan: The Fight For SurvivalFCX• Today, 11:29 AM • Quad 7 Capital•17 CommentsAK Steel: $7.50 Is Still The TargetAKS• Today, 10:57 AM • Vladimir Zernov•11 Comments18 Junior Gold Miners Vetted By The BestGDXJ• Today, 10:18 AM • Bram de Haas•17 CommentsFreeport-McMoRan Is Ready For UpsideFCX• Today, 10:05 AM • Vladimir Zernov•16 CommentsNoble Corp. - Invest Ahead Of The Q2 Report - Here's HowEditors' Pick • NE• Today, 9:51 AM • Bruder Capital, LLC•14 CommentsAnadarko Petroleum Corporation 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesAPC• Today, 9:12 AM • SA Transcripts•2 CommentsWhat To Look For In Buckeye Partners' Results For 2Q 2017BPL• Today, 8:42 AM • Ron Hiram•4 CommentsMaterion Has Growth Opportunities, But Adding More Value Is A Long-Term ChallengeMTRN• Today, 8:15 AM • Stephen Simpson, CFA•1 CommentBellatrix Exploration: A Look At Its Three-Year Development PlanBXE• Today, 7:34 AM • Laurentian Research•8 CommentsAcacia Mining's Ticking Time Bomb: A Mine Closure Is ImminentABGLF• Today, 5:00 AM • The Investment Doctor•1 CommentCliffs: Majors' Production Reports Point To UpsideCLF• Today, 4:43 AM • Vladimir Zernov•58 CommentsThe Inflation Trade Is Still OngoingXME• Today, 3:51 AM • Walter Zelezniak JrFeeling Defensive? The Best Way To Own Gold, 'Bar' NoneFNV, OR, WPM• Today, 1:29 AM • Joseph L. Shaefer•8 CommentsDiamondback Energy's WTI Break-Even LevelFANG• Yesterday, 7:57 PM • Intrinsic Capital•7 CommentsHalliburton: Showing PromiseHAL• Yesterday, 7:29 PM • Stone Fox Capital•1 CommentExpectations For Exxon Mobil's Q2 2017 EarningsXOM• Yesterday, 7:10 PM • Aisha Rahman•21 CommentsWhat To Look For In Magellan Midstream Partners' Results For Q2 2017MMP• Yesterday, 7:03 PM • Ron HiramOccidental Petroleum - Positive Outlook On The Dividend FrontOXY• Yesterday, 6:57 PM • Aisha Rahman•15 CommentsKinder Morgan - Stock Price Recovers As Company Does What I Said It WouldKMI• Yesterday, 6:36 PM • The Value Portfolio•13 CommentsExxon Mobil Outperforms Valero And ChevronXOM• Yesterday, 6:05 PM • DJ Habig•7 CommentsA Weak Outlook Could Stymie Core LabsCLB• Yesterday, 3:35 PM • Shock Exchange•7 CommentsHalliburton: Skepticism After Solid QuarterHAL• Yesterday, 3:22 PM • D.M. Martins Research•3 CommentsOasis In The Middle Of North Dakota: 25% Upside In BaseOAS• Yesterday, 1:45 PM • Cracks N Fracks•7 CommentsSchlumberger To Take A Big Bite Of Wall Street's LunchEditors' Pick • SLB• Yesterday, 1:43 PM • Richard Zeits•19 CommentsKinder Me Once, Shame On You; Kinder Me Twice, Shame On Me!KMI• Yesterday, 1:33 PM • Mike Nadel•339 CommentsHighlands Pacific (HLPCF) Presents At Noosa Mining Conference 2017 - SlideshowHLPCF• Yesterday, 1:21 PM • SA TranscriptsSchlumberger CEO Tells Us The FutureSLB• Yesterday, 12:52 PM • ValueAnalyst•11 CommentsVale SA: Still A Solid Long-Term InvestmentVALE• Yesterday, 12:00 PM • Orthodox Investor•6 CommentsChevron Ahead Of EarningsCVX• Yesterday, 11:44 AM • Callum Turcan•15 CommentsHuge News Courtesy Of Kinder MorganKMI• Yesterday, 11:12 AM • Callum Turcan•33 CommentsHalliburton: HomerunHAL• Yesterday, 10:09 AM • Quad 7 Capital•8 CommentsSeadrill: John Fredriksen, A Centerpiece In The Restructuring Plan To Be Unveiled As Soon As Next WeekSDRL• Yesterday, 9:15 AM • Fun Trading•54 CommentsIs There Any Hope For Platinum Group Metals' Shareholders?PLG• Yesterday, 9:15 AM • Peter Arendas•9 CommentsBuy Laredo Petroleum For The Obscene ProfitsLPI• Yesterday, 9:05 AM • Long Player•11 CommentsCliffs - Generational Breakout OpportunityCLF• Yesterday, 9:00 AM • Leo Nelissen•73 CommentsShale Oil: A Trend That Is Redefining The Cost Of SupplyEditors' Pick • CLR, LPI, QEP• Yesterday, 8:51 AM • Richard Zeits•36 CommentsSchlumberger: Beaten Bellwether On SaleSLB• Yesterday, 5:55 AM • Dividend Stream•10 CommentsI Am Keeping The Faith In This CompanyCVX• Yesterday, 4:44 AM • Discount Fountain•8 CommentsHelix Energy Solutions Group, Inc. 2017 Q2 - Results - Earnings Call SlidesHLX• Yesterday, 3:12 AM • SA TranscriptsKinder Morgan, Inc: Markets Like This Quarter. Should You?KMI• Sun, Jul. 23, 4:46 AM • Dividend Stream•30 CommentsCan Anadarko Petroleum Continue To Tread Water?APC• Sun, Jul. 23, 4:01 AM • D.M. Martins Research•4 CommentsWill Falcon Oil & Gas Get The Go-Ahead?FOLGF• Sun, Jul. 23, 3:12 AM • Individual Trader•12 CommentsFreeport-McMoRan Earnings: What To ExpectFCX• Sat, Jul. 22, 2:30 PM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•19 CommentsQEP Resources: Imminent And Longer Term CatalystsEditors' Pick • QEP• Sat, Jul. 22, 11:39 AM • Richard Zeits•39 CommentsEssential Energy Services: Too Cheap To IgnoreEditors' Pick • EEYUF• Sat, Jul. 22, 9:52 AM • Michael Munro•12 CommentsNiche LP Yields 9%, 6 Straight Distribution Hikes, Strong Coverage And GrowthEditors' Pick • GPP• Sat, Jul. 22, 9:34 AM • Double Dividend Stocks•45 CommentsConocoPhillips: Earnings PreviewCOP• Sat, Jul. 22, 4:57 AM • Sarfaraz A. Khan•10 CommentsWhy Investing In Plains All American Pipeline Is A Sensible OptionPAA• Sat, Jul. 22, 3:47 AM • RCK Financial Services•34 CommentsSchlumberger: Finally Looking AffordableSLB• Fri, Jul. 21, 7:57 PM • D.M. Martins Research•6 CommentsOil: Economic Landscape Of Saudi ArabiaARMCO• Fri, Jul. 21, 6:00 PM • CME Group•10 CommentsKinder Morgan: Same Playbook, Different GameKMI• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:50 PM • General Expert•3 CommentsOne Threat From OPEC Can Finish Off Most Deepwater Oil DrillingESV, RIG• Fri, Jul. 21, 4:36 PM • Kirk Spano•267 CommentsHow Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. Got Into This MessEditors' Pick • TOO• Fri, Jul. 21, 3:21 PM • Long Player•104 CommentsEnsco: Another Impressive Fleet Status - A Detailed AnalysisESV• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:28 PM • Fun Trading•22 CommentsKinder Morgan's Dividend Hike Is SustainableKMI• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:18 PM • Searching For Value•25 CommentsWhy The Market Isn't Giving Chinook Energy A ChanceCNKEF• Fri, Jul. 21, 2:09 PM • Long Player•14 CommentsSandspring Resources For Deep Value Investors In GoldSSPXF• Fri, Jul. 21, 1:52 PM • Claude-Vincent Perez•12 CommentsBuru Energy (BRNGF) Presents At Noosa Mining And Exploration Conference - SlideshowBRNGF• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:52 PM • SA TranscriptsOtto Energy (OTTEF) Presents At Noosa Mining And Exploration Conference - SlideshowOTTEF• Fri, Jul. 21, 12:51 PM • SA TranscriptsSchlumberger: I Am Pretty AmazedSLB• Fri, Jul. 21, 11:26 AM • Quad 7 Capital•39 CommentsGold: GDXJ's Dramatic Restructuring Is A Shot Across The BowGDXJ• Fri, Jul. 21, 10:20 AM • Sebastien Gandon•26 Comments123456...711Next Page





Earnings Call Transcripts | Seeking AlphaSign in / Join NowGO» 








Earnings Transcripts


  Sectors 


All
Most Popular

Basic Materials
Conglomerates
Consumer Goods
Financial
Healthcare
Industrial Goods
Services
Technology
Utilities










HomeStreet's (HMST) CEO Mark Mason on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HMST•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:38 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Spectris' (SEPJF) CEO John O'Higgins on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SEPJF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Camden National's (CAC) CEO Greg Dufour on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CAC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:35 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Anadarko Petroleum (APC) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


APC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:25 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Anixter International's (AXE) CEO Bob Eck on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AXE•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:15 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Vedanta Resources' (VDNRF) CEO Thomas Albanese on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


VDNRF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




FEMSA (FMX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FMX•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:12 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Randstad Holding's (RANJF) CEO Jacques van den Broek on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RANJF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:11 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




American Campus Communities' (ACC) CEO Bill Bayless on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:10 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Everest Re's (RE) CEO Dom Addesso on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


RE•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:06 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Acme United's (ACU) CEO Walter Johnsen on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ACU•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  5:05 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




CommVault Systems' (CVLT) CEO Bob Hammer on Q1 2018 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CVLT•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:57 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




General Motors (GM) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


GM•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Saipem's (SAPMY) CEO Stefano Cao on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


SAPMY•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:45 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Crane's (CR) CEO Max Mitchell on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


CR•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Astec Industries' (ASTE) CEO Ben Brock on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ASTE•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:30 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




SK Hynix's (HXSCL) CEO Kim Jun Ho on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HXSCL•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:19 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




HCA Healthcare (HCA) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HCA•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




McDonald's (MCD) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


MCD•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:13 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




HNI's (HNI) CEO Stan Askren on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


HNI•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  4:00 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Equity Commonwealth's (EQC) CEO David Helfand on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


EQC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:55 PM

        •
SA Transcripts
•1 Comment 



Domino's Pizza (DPZ) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DPZ•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:51 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Waters (WAT) CEO Christopher O'Connell on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


WAT•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:50 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




J & J Snack Foods' (JJSF) CEO Gerry Shreiber on Q3 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


JJSF•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Lamb Weston Holdings' (LW) CEO Thomas Werner on Q4 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


LW•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:47 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Quest Diagnostics' (DGX) CEO Stephen Rusckowski on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


DGX•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:46 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Freeport-McMoRan (FCX) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


FCX•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




AK Steel Holding (AKS) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


AKS•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Newmont Mining (NEM) Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


NEM•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:43 PM

        •
SA Transcripts




Agree Realty's (ADC) CEO Joey Agree on Q2 2017 Results - Earnings Call Transcript


ADC•
      Tue, Jul. 25,  3:42 PM

        •
SA Transcripts





123456...4434Next Page





Search Transcripts






You can use: AND,NOT, OR,* *(exact phrase)













 








Ashland Global Holdings Inc. - ASH - Stock Price Today - Zacks






























Quote Overview


Stock Activity



Open
66.90


Day Low
66.65


Day High
67.33


52 Wk Low
51.62


52 Wk High
67.90


Avg. Volume
684,785


Market Cap
4.14 B


Dividend
0.90 ( 1.35%)


Beta
1.04





Key Earnings Data



Earnings ESP 
0.00%


Most Accurate Est
0.70


Current Qtr Est
0.70


Current Yr Est
4.32


Exp Earnings Date
*AMC8/1/17


Prior Year EPS
6.83


Exp EPS Growth (3-5yr)10.00%


Forward PE
15.38


PEG Ratio
1.54













Basic Materials » Chemical - Specialty



*BMO = Before Market Open *AMC = After Market Close


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find earnings surprises by focusing on the most recent analyst revisions. This is done because, generally speaking, if an analyst reevaluates their earnings estimate right before an earnings release, it means that they have fresh information which could potentially be more accurate than what analysts thought about a company two or three months ago.
The crux of this approach is comparing the Most Accurate Estimate to the Zacks Consensus Estimate, although the Zacks Rank is also an important feature of the ESP metric. Combining these two can help investors find stocks that are ready to beat the consensus at their next report, and hopefully surge higher in price too.
In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time. And best of all, by using these parameters, investors have seen 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings





Research Report for ASH



All Zacks’ Analyst Reports



Premium Research for ASH





Zacks Rank


 Hold 3



Zacks Industry Rank
 Top 47%(124 out of 265)


Zacks Sector Rank
 Bottom 13% (14  out of 16) 



Style Scores

A Value | C Growth | C Momentum | B VGM




Earnings ESP


0.00%



Research Report for ASH

Snapshot





This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to get access to the Zacks Rank


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports


Zacks Earnings ESP (Expected Surprise Prediction) looks to find companies that have recently seen positive earnings estimate revision activity. The idea is that more recent information is, generally speaking, more accurate and can be a better predictor of the future, which can give investors an advantage in earnings season.
The technique has proven to be very useful for finding positive surprises. In fact, when combining a Zacks Rank #3 or better and a positive Earnings ESP, stocks produced a positive surprise 70% of the time, while they also saw 28.3% annual returns on average, according to our 10 year backtest.
    
Visit the Earnings ESP Center
See the Full List of Stocks To Beat Earnings


This is our short term rating system that serves as a timeliness indicator for stocks over the next 1 to 3 months. How good is it? See rankings and related performance below. 



Zacks Rank
Definition
Annualized Return




1
Strong Buy
25.71%


2
Buy
18.12%


3
Hold
9.91%


4
Sell
5.49%


5
Strong Sell
2.29%


S&P
500
9.79%



Zacks Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Rank
Zacks Rank Home - All Zacks Rank resources in one place
Zacks Premium - The only way to fully access the Zacks Rank


The Zacks Industry Rank assigns a rating to each of the 265 X (Expanded) Industries based on their average Zacks Rank.
An industry with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
The industry with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top industry (1 out of 265), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Industries. The industry with the worst average Zacks Rank (265 out of 265) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank  
Zacks Industry Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Industry Rank



The Zacks Sector Rank assigns a rating to each of the 16 Sectors based on their average Zacks Rank.
A sector with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #1's and #2's will have a better average Zacks Rank than one with a larger percentage of Zacks Rank #4's and #5's.
Zacks Sector Rank Education - Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank 
The sector with the best average Zacks Rank would be considered the top sector (1 out of 16), which would place it in the top 1% of Zacks Ranked Sectors. The sector with the worst average Zacks Rank (16 out of 16) would place in the bottom 1%.
Zacks Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Rank 
Zacks Sector Rank Education -- Learn more about the Zacks Sector Rank



The Style Scores are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style. 
The three scores are based on the trading styles of Growth, Value, and Momentum.


Growth Score
A


Value Score
A


Momentum Score
A


Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Style Scores  are a complementary set of indicators to use alongside the Zacks Rank. It allows the user to better focus on the stocks that are the best fit for his or her personal trading style.
The scores are based on the trading styles of Value, Growth, and Momentum. There's also a VGM Score ('V' for Value, 'G' for Growth and 'M' for Momentum), which combines the weighted average of the individual style scores into one score.



Value Score
A


Growth Score
A


Momentum Score
A


VGM Score
A



Within each Score, stocks are graded into five groups: A, B, C, D and F. As you might remember from your school days, an A, is better than a B; a B is better than a C; a C is better than a D; and a D is better than an F.
As an investor, you want to buy stocks with the highest probability of success. That means you want to buy stocks with a Zacks Rank #1 or #2, Strong Buy or Buy, which also has a Score of an A or a B in your personal trading style.
Zacks Style Scores Education - Learn more about the Zacks Style Scores


The Zacks Equity Research reports, or ZER for short, are our in-house, independently produced research reports.
The ever popular one-page Snapshot reports are generated for virtually every single Zacks Ranked stock. It's packed with all of the company's key stats and salient decision making information. Including the Zacks Rank, Zacks Industry Rank, Style Scores, the Price, Consensus & Surprise chart, graphical estimate analysis and how a stocks stacks up to its peers.
The detailed multi-page Analyst report does an even deeper dive on the company's vital statistics. In addition to all of the proprietary analysis in the Snapshot, the report also visually displays the four components of the Zacks Rank (Agreement, Magnitude, Upside and Surprise); provides a comprehensive overview of the company business drivers, complete with earnings and sales charts; a recap of their last earnings report; and a bulleted list of reasons to buy or sell the stock. It also includes an industry comparison table to see how your stock compares to its expanded industry, and the S&P 500.
Researching stocks has never been so easy or insightful as with the ZER Analyst and Snapshot reports.
Learn more about Zacks Equity Research reports
See more Zacks Equity Research reports

(  = Change in last 30 days) 
View All Zacks Rank #1 Strong Buys





Premium Research: Industry Analysis



Top Peers
Symbol
Zacks Rank




Ashland Global Holdings Inc.
ASH



DAQO New Energy Corp.
DQ



American Vanguard Corporation
AVD



Axalta Coating Systems Ltd.
AXTA



Ecolab Inc.
ECL



Internationa Flavors & Fragrances, Inc.
IFF



KMG Chemicals, Inc.
KMG




See all Chemical - Specialty Peers


 




Zacks News for ASH

International Flavors' Growth Potential Solid Despite Risks
07/14/17-8:33AM EST  Zacks

Top Ranked Value Stocks to Buy for July 14th
07/14/17-12:00AM EST  Zacks

ASH: What are Zacks experts saying now?

Zacks Private Portfolio Services

Ashland Global: Should Value Investors Consider ASH Stock?
06/27/17-9:05AM EST  Zacks

Ashland Closes Reichhold's Manufacturing Facility Buyout
06/07/17-8:35AM EST  Zacks

Ashland (ASH) Closes Pharmachem Buyout, Expands Portfolio
05/18/17-9:55AM EST  Zacks




Company Summary
Ashland Global Holdings Inc. is engaged in providing specialty chemical solutions. It serves consumer and industrial markets which includes adhesives, architectural coatings, automotive, construction, energy, food and beverage, personal care and pharmaceutical sector. Ashland Global Holdings Inc., formerly known as Ashland Inc., is based in Covington, United States.   





 
























Ashland | About | Ashland




















 



































Home
 > 
About






Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (NYSE: ASH) is a premier, global specialty chemicals company serving customers in a wide range of consumer and industrial markets, including adhesives, architectural coatings, automotive, construction, energy, food and beverage, personal care and pharmaceutical. At Ashland, we are more than 5,000 passionate, tenacious solvers – from renowned scientists and research chemists to talented engineers and plant operators – who thrive on developing practical, innovative and elegant solutions to complex problems for customers in more than 100 countries. Ashland also maintains a controlling interest in Valvoline Inc. (NYSE: VVV), a premium consumer-branded lubricant supplier. Learn more:
About Ashland
Always Solving
Ashland Way
Business Units
5 Effects
Sustainability
Technology
Careers
Contact Us








efficacy


faster.  better.  fewer.







usability


go with the flow.







allure


the living laboratory.







integrity


when it comes to truck beds, black is the new black.







profitability


we know how you feel about paint.













Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















Amazon.com: global holdings







 


























Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















All



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






























































































1-16 of 536 results for "global holdings"




Sort by 
Relevance
Price: Low to High
Price: High to Low
Avg. Customer Review
Newest Arrivals









Showing most relevant results. See all results for global holdings.



Global Holdings Super Mario Plush-9" Fire Luigiby Global Holdings$7.85(11 new offers)
5 out of 5 stars
8Manufacturer recommended age: 3 - 15 YearsProduct FeaturesOfficially licensed Super Mario product by Global HoldingsLittle Buddy Official Super Mario Plush - 5" Goomba Plushby Global Holdings
$
12
99

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 18 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$11.59(12 new offers)
4.8 out of 5 stars
63Manufacturer recommended age: 3 - 15 YearsGlobal Holdings Super Mario Plush - 6" Bowser Jr./Koopa Jr.by Global Holdings$39.99(1 new offer)
3.5 out of 5 stars
10Manufacturer recommended age: 3 - 15 YearsProduct FeaturesOfficially licensed Super Mario product by Global HoldingsGlobal Holdings Super Mario Plush - 5" Cheep Cheep/Puku Pukuby Global Holdings
$
6
99

+ $4.49 shippingOnly 17 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$6.99(10 new offers)
4.9 out of 5 stars
7Manufacturer recommended age: 3 - 15 YearsProduct FeaturesOfficially licensed Super Mario product by Global Holdings

Items from other brandsNintendo Official Super Mario Fire Luigi...by Nintendo
$
13
06

Prime
4.6 out of 5 stars
42Nintendo Official Super Mario Luigi Plush...by Nintendo
$
11
99

Prime
4.7 out of 5 stars
179Sanei Super Mario All Star Collection 8"...by Sanei
$
21
94


5 out of 5 stars
14Little Buddy Nintendo Mario Plush Doll Set...by Little Buddy
$
23
71

Prime
4.8 out of 5 stars
35







Global Holdings Super Mario 15" Bowser Plushby Global Holdings
$
58
99

+ $4.99 shippingOnly 1 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$58.99(4 new offers)
5 out of 5 stars
10Manufacturer recommended age: 3 - 15 YearsProduct FeaturesOfficially licensed Super Mario product by Global HoldingsGlobal Holdings Super Mario Plush-8" Luigi Riding On Yoshiby Global Holdings
$
16
99

$24.99FREE Shipping on eligible ordersMore Buying Choices$12.00(7 new offers)
5 out of 5 stars
7Manufacturer recommended age: 3 - 15 YearsProduct FeaturesOfficially licensed Kirby product by Global HoldingsGlobal Holdings Super Mario Plush - 13" Large Mario"by Global Holdings
$
15
99

$24.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 1 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$15.99(5 new offers)Manufacturer recommended age: 3 - 15 YearsProduct FeaturesOfficially licensed Super Mario product by Global HoldingsGlobal Holdings Yoshiby Global Holdings
$
14
57

FREE Shipping on eligible ordersManufacturer recommended age: 3 - 7 YearsProduct FeaturesCreated exclusively for Global Holdings, IncGlobal Holdings Super Mario Plush-10" Ghost Booby Global Holdings
$
20
41

+ $7.35 shippingOnly 3 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$20.41(3 new offers)
5 out of 5 stars
2Manufacturer recommended age: 3 - 15 YearsProduct FeaturesOfficially licensed Kirby product by Global HoldingsGlobal Holdings Luigiby Global Holdings
$
12
46

+ $4.49 shippingOnly 2 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$12.46(3 new offers)
5 out of 5 stars
7Manufacturer recommended age: 3 - 7 YearsProduct FeaturesCreated exclusively for Global Holdings, IncGlobal Holdings Super Mario Plush - 8" Fire Marioby Global Holdings
$
9
99

$16.99+ $4.95 shippingOnly 2 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$9.99(4 new offers)
4.5 out of 5 stars
6Manufacturer recommended age: 3 - 15 YearsProduct FeaturesOfficially licensed Super Mario product by Global HoldingsGlobal Holdings Super Mario Plush-4" Bullet Bill/Killer S Plushby Global Holdings
$
10
54

$12.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 20 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$8.99(10 new offers)
4.7 out of 5 stars
13Manufacturer recommended age: 3 - 15 YearsProduct FeaturesOfficially licensed Super Mario product by Global HoldingsKotobukiya Spider Man Marvel Now Agent Venom ARTFX+ Statueby Kotobukiya
$
62
98

PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 4 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$59.99(18 new offers)
5 out of 5 stars
2Manufacturer recommended age: 15 Years and upGlobal Holdings Super Mario Plush - 13 Large Mario by Global Holdingsby Global Holdings
$
39
84

+ $4.47 shippingMore Buying Choices$39.84(5 new offers)Manufacturer recommended age: 3 - 50 YearsGlobal Holdings Super Mario Wii Plush Marioby Global Holdings
$
10
99

+ $4.99 shippingOnly 4 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$10.99(4 new offers)
4.4 out of 5 stars
5Manufacturer recommended age: 3 - 7 YearsProduct FeaturesCreated exclusively for Global Holdings, IncGlobal Holdings Super Mario 5" Plush Shy Guyby Global Holdings
$
14
99

$16.99PrimeFREE Shipping on eligible ordersOnly 6 left in stock - order soon.More Buying Choices$7.42(7 new offers)
5 out of 5 stars
8Manufacturer recommended age: 3 - 15 YearsProduct FeaturesOfficially licensed Super Mario product by Global HoldingsSponsored




These are ads for products you'll find on Amazon.com. Clicking an ad will take you to the product's page.Learn more about Sponsored Products.See a problem with these advertisements?Leave ad feedbackAurora World Miyoni Sea Otter Plushby Aurora
$
10
00

$15.99PrimeGet it by Tomorrow, Jul 26FREE Shipping on eligible orders
4.8 out of 5 stars
149














 
Previous Page
1
2
3
...
20
 
Next Page
















Sponsored Links
(What's this?)








Ad feedback











Search FeedbackDid you find what you were looking for?YesNo
Choose a category that best describes the issue that you are having with the search:Choose a category…I need to talk to customer service.I still haven't found what I'm looking for.How do I filter or sort my search ?Something is broken.A picture or description looks wrong.Could you add a feature ?Could you start carrying a product not listed here ?Choose a category…






Leave us some comments about your search; your comments can help make our site better for everyone.Submit

Get Express customer service or contact us by e-mail or phone.contact us

Thank you for your feedback.
If you need help or have a question for Customer Service, please visit the Help Section.
















Show results forToys & GamesPlush PuppetsPlush Figure ToysStuffed Animals & Plush ToysStuffed Animals & Teddy BearsAction & Toy FiguresHome & KitchenWindow Treatment HoldbacksTools & Home ImprovementDoor ClosersTool HolstersBeauty & Personal CareHair SpraysAutomotiveBody Repair ToolsBody Repair Paint Spray GunsMovies & TVMoviesDVDKitchen & DiningMandolines & SlicersBlock Knife SetsArts, Crafts & SewingDrawing PencilsOffice ProductsPencil Holders & Pen HoldersSports & FitnessPoker ChipsHandmadeBooksKindle StoreClothing, Shoes & JewelryEverything ElseDigital MusicSoftwareCell Phones & AccessoriesElectronicsVideo GamesCDs & VinylApps & GamesCollectibles & Fine ArtIndustrial & ScientificBabyHealth, Household & Baby CarePet SuppliesSee All 27 DepartmentsRefine byDelivery DayGet It by TomorrowAmazon PrimeEligible for Free ShippingFree Shipping by AmazonBrandGlobal Holdingsglobal holdingTCP GlobalSource GlobalGlobal ArtNintendoGlobal DoorGlobal Door ControlsTrademark GlobalGela GlobalHAIR PRODUCTGS-Global SportsmanGlobal BeautyGlobal HomeGC Global DirectStuffed Animals & Plush Toys Size4.9 Inches & Under5 to 6.9 Inches7 to 9.9 Inches10 to 14.9 Inches15 to 19.9 Inches20 Inches & AboveToys Age RangeBirth to 24 Months2 to 4 Years5 to 7 Years8 to 13 Years14 Years & UpToy CharacterYoshiMario BrothersKirbyDonkey KongAvg. Customer Review4 Stars & Up & Up3 Stars & Up & Up2 Stars & Up & Up1 Star & Up & UpInternational ShippingAmazonGlobal EligibleConditionNewUsed












































































There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started















































        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.






        Your recently viewed items and featured recommendations
    



 › 
View or edit your browsing history

After viewing product detail pages, look here to find an easy way to navigate back to pages you are interested in.








Back to top
Get to Know UsCareersAbout AmazonInvestor RelationsAmazon DevicesMake Money with UsSell on AmazonSell Your Services on AmazonSell on Amazon BusinessSell Your Apps on AmazonBecome an AffiliateAdvertise Your ProductsSelf-Publish with UsBecome an Amazon VendorSell Your Subscription on Amazon›See allAmazon Payment ProductsAmazon Rewards Visa Signature CardsAmazon.com Store CardAmazon.com Corporate Credit LineShop with PointsCredit Card MarketplaceReload Your BalanceAmazon Currency ConverterLet Us Help YouYour AccountYour OrdersShipping Rates & PoliciesAmazon PrimeReturns & ReplacementsManage Your Content and DevicesAmazon AssistantHelp




English



United States




Amazon Music Stream millions of songs

Amazon Drive Cloud storage from Amazon

6pm Score deals on fashion brands

AbeBooks Books, art & collectibles

ACX  Audiobook Publishing Made Easy

Alexa Actionable Analytics for the Web

Amazon Business Everything For Your Business

 

AmazonFresh Groceries & More Right To Your Door

AmazonGlobal Ship Orders Internationally

Home Services Handpicked Pros Happiness Guarantee

Amazon Inspire Digital Educational  Resources

Amazon Rapids Fun stories for  kids on the go

Amazon Restaurants Food delivery from local restaurants

Amazon Video Direct Video Distribution Made Easy

 

Amazon Web Services Scalable Cloud Computing Services

Audible Download Audio Books

AudiobookStand Discount Audiobooks on Disc

Book Depository Books With Free Delivery Worldwide

Box Office Mojo Find Movie Box Office Data

ComiXology Thousands of Digital Comics

CreateSpace Indie Print Publishing Made Easy

 

DPReview Digital Photography

East Dane Designer Men's Fashion

Fabric Sewing, Quilting & Knitting

Goodreads Book reviews & recommendations

IMDb Movies, TV & Celebrities

IMDbPro Get Info Entertainment Professionals Need

Junglee.com Shop Online in India

 

Kindle Direct Publishing Indie Digital Publishing Made Easy


Prime Now FREE 2-Hour Delivery on Everyday Items

Prime Photos Unlimited Photo Storage Free With Prime

Shopbop Designer Fashion Brands

TenMarks.com Math Activities for Kids & Schools

Warehouse Deals Open-Box Discounts

Whispercast Discover & Distribute Digital Content


 

 

Withoutabox Submit to Film Festivals

Woot! Deals and  Shenanigans

Zappos Shoes & Clothing

Souq.com Shop Online in the Middle East

Subscribe with Amazon Discover & try subscription services

 


Conditions of UsePrivacy NoticeInterest-Based Ads© 1996-2017, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates






























Ashland | Home




















 
































Ashland in the News
Read about solutions from Ashland and the solvers who made them possible
read more
>





Ashland elects two new members to  board of directors

learn more
>





Who respects, protects, and advances everything it touches?

learn more
>





Who works best underwater?

learn more
>





Webinar: Troubleshooting and solving pharmaceutical film coating problems
A comprehensive review from one of our solvers 
watch today
>






1
2
3
4
5







always solving
We are passionate, tenacious solvers who thrive on developing practical, innovative, and elegant solutions to complex problems in applied chemistry, always pushing the boundaries of what's possible, and advancing the competitiveness of our customers across diverse industries.















efficacy


faster.  better.  fewer.







usability


go with the flow.







allure


the living laboratory.







integrity


when it comes to truck beds, black is the new black.







profitability


we know how you feel about paint.









Are you ready to bond?
fiberHance™ bm solution receives a Gold Award 

at this year's global in-cosmetics show in London, England.



 read more 





Want to harnesses the power of nature? 
Ashland’s technology gently separates 
live plants or algae into various 
bioactive components – 

or Zeta Fractions – 
without the use of solvents and 
with minimal energy consumption 
making potent, sustainable and 
truly innovation solutions a reality.



 Learn more about Zeta Fraction™ technology 





always solving: advancing drug delivery with superior polymer design
Who thinks outside the box to get more in it?


Ashland solvers are ready with sophisticated solutions to improve drug delivery with a full line of excipients and in-house technical and formulation expertise.


 Learn more about Ashland's Pharmacetical capabilities and products. 





always solving: sustainability
always solving 


"It's much more than Ashland's new tagline. It represents the promise we make to our customers, shareholders, employees and local communities every day. It also captures the essence of how we approach sustainability and our responsibility toward being a better steward of our people, products and planet." 

William Wulfsohn, Chairman and CEO Ashland Global Holdings Inc


 Learn more about sustainability at Ashland 





Who juggles products, technologies, formulations, polymers, molecules, measurements and more to find solutions for you? 

 get the answer 









Ashland Inc. - Wikipedia





















 






Ashland Inc.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Ashland Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: ASH
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Manufacturing and chemical distribution


Founded
1924


Headquarters
Covington, Kentucky, U.S.



Key people

Chairman of the Board, William A. Wulfsohn (CEO)


Products
Chemicals, plastics, motor oil products, and other specialized products and services


Revenue

 $ 8.206 billion (FY 2012)
[1]



Operating income

 $ 302 million (FY 2012)[1]



Net income

 $ 26 million (FY 2012)[1]


Total assets
 $ 12.52 billion (FY 2012)[1]


Total equity
 $ 4.029 billion (FY 2012)[1]



Number of employees

15,001 (September 2012)[1]


Website
www.ashland.com


Ashland Inc. is an American Fortune 500 company which operates in more than 100 countries. Headquartered in Covington, Kentucky, in the United States, the company traces its roots back to the city of Ashland, Kentucky (for which it is named) and where it was headquartered from 1924 to 1999.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Founding and early years
1.2 Post-World War II
1.3 1980s-1990s
1.4 Recent years


2 Products

2.1 Ashland Specialty Ingredients
2.2 Ashland Performance Materials
2.3 Valvoline
2.4 Ashland Water Technologies


3 Environmental record
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
Founding and early years[edit]
Ashland was founded in 1924 as the Ashland Refining Company in Catlettsburg, Kentucky, by Paul G. Blazer.[2]
In October 1923, J. Fred Miles of the Swiss Oil Company of Lexington, Kentucky.[3] employed Paul G. Blazer and assigned him the task of locating, purchasing and operating a refinery in northeastern Kentucky. Mr. Blazer selected a location on the banks of the Big Sandy River approximately two miles south of the Ohio River near the community of Leech Station. One mile south of the city of Catlettsburg, the site contained an existing refinery which was purchased by Blazer which had been in operation since 1916. The Catlettsburg site was advantageous due to its location near the Ohio River and offered an efficient means of transportation for the fledgling company. With funds supplied by Swiss Oil, Blazer arranged to buy, at a price of $212,500, the small unprofitable 1,000 barrel per day refinery of Great Eastern Refining Company which had been owned by coal operators in Huntington, West Virginia. With the purchase of the refinery came a small towboat and oil barge.[4]
On February 2, 1924, Blazer and three Swiss Oil executives incorporated Ashland Refining Company, with a paid in capital of $250,000. They took over the operations of the Catlettsburg Refinery which had twenty-five employees who were working seven days per week and twelve hours per day. Blazer moved from Lexington to Ashland. The only member of the Swiss Oil organization to come to Ashland with Blazer was Ashland Refining Company's first treasurer, William Waples.[4]
Ashland's refinery operations in Catlettsburg proved to be successful even from the very first month. Wages were increased and the hours of work were reduced. After making repairs and purchasing some new, modern equipment, the refinery soon had output of 500,000 barrels a year and sales of $1,300,000. In only a few years, the Ashland Refining Company began to show larger returns than the parent company.[4] Ashland Refining Co. grew rapidly through both internal expansion and acquisitions including Union Gas and Oil Company (1925), Tri-State Refining Company (1930), and Cumberland Pipeline Company (1931).[5]
By 1933, Ashland Refining Company owned more than 1,000 wells, 800 miles of pipelines, bulk distribution plants in twelve cities, service stations, river transportation terminals and river equipment. In 1936, under Blazer's leadership, the company's ownership changed from Swiss Oil to the Ashland Oil and Refining Company shareholder group and was headquartered in Ashland, Kentucky. Blazer was appointed chief executive officer of the company.
Blazer's success as manager was recognized by major stockholders. They gave him the power to run Ashland as his own operation, though at no point during his tenure as chief executive officer (1936–1957) did he own a controlling interest in the company.[6]
Blazer's philosophy of supporting the well-being of company employees was evident early on. Two of his early changes were offering employees' sick leave with full pay, and in 1947 the introduction of an employee profit-sharing plan. This move made the company one of the first in the region to offer such benefits. Blazer supported creative arts and invited nearby Greenup County educator and internationally acclaimed author Jesse Stuart to open each annual meeting with a story, a poem, or a bit of humor. He also was a pastor at his local church.
Post-World War II[edit]
After the end of World War II, Ashland teamed with Sperry Corporation to develop the introduction of radar on commercial river vessels and teamed with various shipyards to develop the integrated tow. The "jumbo" tank barge of 195 ft. by 35 ft. became the industry standard and was used by Ashland. Under Blazer's control, the company grew to become a Forbes 500 company by relying on barges to bring in crude oil and deliver refined products to independent marketers.[7] In the process, Ashland soon operated the nation's largest inland towing fleet[8] and in 1953 the Port of Huntington-Tristate exceeded Pittsburgh as the busiest port on the Ohio River[9] and the busiest inland port in the United States, a title it retains to date.
Ashland Oil & Refining Company also grew through many acquisitions such as the Allied Oil Company (1948), Cleveland and Lakeland Tankers (1948), Aetna Oil Company (1949), Freedom-Valvoline Company (1950), Frontier Oil of Buffalo (1950) and National Refining Company (1950).[5]
By 1953, Ashland Oil and Refining Company had 3,518 miles of crude oil pipelines, 252 miles of product lines, six refineries processing an average of 124,000 barrels a day, operated nine tow boats on the inland waterways, and owned over 100 barges. Although still involved as chairman of Ashland's Finance Committee and Executive Committee, Blazer stepped down as chief executive officer in 1957.
Louisville Refining Company was purchased in 1959. United Carbon was purchased in 1963.[5]
In 1966, Ashland Oil and Refinery Company Inc.'s sales had grown to $699,000,000.
Diversification continued with the purchase of Warren Brothers in 1966, which later was to become Ashland Paving and Construction. A major leap into the chemical industry occurred in 1967 when Ashland purchased ADM Chemical Group. This chemical distribution segment of the business would go on to be one of the primary functions of the company in the later part of the 20th century. In 1969, the company reorganized to form Ashland Petroleum, as well as entering into a joint venture in Coal mining under the name Arch Mineral.
1980s-1990s[edit]
In the 1980s and early 1990s, Ashland continued to expand buying The Permian Corporation which it merged with Scurlock Oil Company in 1991 to form a subsidiary known as Scurlock Permian Corporation. In 1992, most of Unocal's chemical distribution business was acquired, making Ashland the top chemical distributor in North America. At this time, the Industrial Chemicals & Solvents (IC&S) division was established. The company's name was changed from "Ashland Oil, Incorporated" to the present "Ashland Inc." in 1995, which noted the reduced importance of oil in the overall business.[10]
In 1998, the petroleum division merged with Marathon Oil to form Marathon Ashland Petroleum, LLC (MAP).[11] Following that in 1999, Ashland was #102 on the Forbes list of Fortune 500 companies when it agreed to sell its Scurlock Permian subsidiary to Plains All American Pipeline and the headquarters were moved from Ashland to Covington, Kentucky, although the company maintains an officebuilding in Russell, adjacent to Ashland.[12][13] A monumental change came in 2005, when Ashland sold its shares of the petroleum joint venture to Marathon Oil,[14] effectively dissolving the remnants of their petroleum division. After the sale, the company was no longer involved in the refining or marketing of fuels. The original oil refinery in Catlettsburg, Kentucky, is still in operation to date, owned and operated by Marathon. In 2006, Ashland sold APAC (the paving and construction division) to the Oldcastle Materials subsidiary of Oldcastle Inc. of Dublin, Ireland.[15]
Recent years[edit]
Ashland purchased the adhesive and emulsions divisions of Air Products & Chemicals in 2008.[16][17]
Ashland announced plans to acquire Hercules Inc. on July 11, 2008, for $3.3B.[18] On November 13, 2008, the transaction was completed.[19]
In July 2010 Ashland merged its foundry chemicals activity with Süd-Chemie of Munich, Germany, to form ASK Chemicals L.P. with headquarters in Dublin, Ohio.
In November 2010 Ashland announced plans to sell its distribution business known as Ashland Distribution to TPG Capital for $930 Million.[20] The Ashland Distribution business had been a part of Ashland since 1969. With revenues of $3.4 billion, the Ashland Distribution business had approximately 2,000 employees across North America and Europe, and entered the China plastics market in 2009.[20] The sale was finalized April 1, 2011, with a final sale price of US$979 million. The new privately held company is named Nexeo Solutions.[21]
In May 2011 Ashland announced that it had bought the privately owned company International Specialty Products Inc. (ISP) for $3.2 billion. ISP is a supplier of specialty chemicals and performance-enhancing products for consumer and industrial markets.[22]
Valvoline Instant Oil Change moved into the Southern California area in March 2012 when the EZ Lube franchise had been purchased by Henley Enterprises, VIOC's largest franchisee.[23]
In 2014, Ashland Water Technologies was sold to a private equity buyer.
Products[edit]




A Valvoline Instant Oil Change location


The company currently has four wholly owned divisions, which include Ashland Specialty Ingredients, Ashland Water Technologies, Ashland Performance Materials, & Ashland Consumer Markets (Valvoline).
Ashland Specialty Ingredients[edit]
The Specialty Ingredients division offers products, technologies and resources for formulation and product performance. The markets for the products include personal care, pharmaceutical, food and beverage, coatings and energy. In May 2011 Ashland bought the company ISP inc, which was planned to be incorporated into the Ashland Specialty Ingredients division.[22]
Ashland Performance Materials[edit]
Combining the Casting Solutions, Composite Polymers, and Specialty Polymers & Adhesives businesses, Performance Materials provides products for the construction, packaging, transport, marine, and metal casting industries. Twenty nine manufacturing facilities are located in 15 countries around the world. Casting Solutions makes Foundry Binder Resins, chemicals, sleeves, and filters for the metalworking industry. The Composite Polymers business sells unsaturated polyester resins, vinyl ester resins, and gelcoats, for use in Composites. Finally, the Specialty Polymers & Adhesives business manufactures various adhesives and resins for the transportation, aerospace, and construction industries.
Valvoline[edit]




The Valvoline-sponsored car of Matt Kenseth


Valvoline is one of the largest producers of motor oil in the United States. Valvoline was founded by Dr. John Ellis who formulated a petroleum-based lubricant in 1866 and trademarked the Valvoline name in 1873 in Binghamton, New York. Currently, Valvoline World Headquarters are in Lexington, Kentucky. Valvoline is the oldest motor oil marketer in the United States.[24]
In North America, Valvoline is divided into two main sections. The "Do it for me" (DIFM) business, which includes over 800 company and franchise Valvoline Instant Oil Change locations; a contractual "non franchise" branch of automotive care facilities named Valvoline Express Care; and the generally supply agreement only "We Feature" outlets. The "Do it yourself" (DIY) business includes automotive-related products. Included in these are Valvoline lubricants, along with Car Brite commercial automotive appearance products, Eagle One consumer automotive appearance products, Pyroil automotive chemicals, and Zerex antifreeze. Outside of North America, the company has very few auto care businesses, but rather focuses on selling to consumers as well as OEM manufacturers. Valvoline operates in the United Kingdom from Birkenhead, Merseyside.
Valvoline has sponsored several NASCAR and IndyCar drivers, including Buddy Baker (1983–1984), Ron Bouchard (1985–1986), Neil Bonnett (1987–1988), Morgan Shepherd (1989), Mark Martin (1992–2000); Al Unser Jr. (1988–1993); Robby Gordon (1994–1996), Gil de Ferran (1997–1999); Johnny Benson, Jr.;[25] Scott Riggs,[25] Patrick Carpentier,[26] A. J. Allmendinger,[27] Matt Kenseth,[28] Greg Biffle;[29] Ricky Stenhouse, Jr.;[29] Carl Edwards,[29] Trevor Bayne,[29] and Casey Mears.[29]
Valvoline was an official lubricant partner of Marussia F1 Team later Manor Marussia F1 Team in 2014–2015.
Valvoline was co-owner of NASCAR Cup team MBV Motorsports from 2001 to 2005.[25] The brand began sponsoring Hendrick Motorsports starting in 2014.[30]
Valvoline has also sponsored NHRA drivers Joe Amato, Tony Schumacher,[29] Jack Beckman,[29] Antron Brown,[29] Matt Hagan,[29] Spencer Massey,[29] and Ron Capps.[29]




Garry Rogers Motorsport Volvo S60 of Robert Dahlgren in 2014


Valvoline also has a long history in Australia. Long time Sydney radio personality John Laws was used in television advertisements to promote their oils during the 1980s and 90s with the line "Valvoline, you know what I mean" becoming a popular catchphrase.[31] It has also had a long association with legendary Australian Sprintcar driver Max Dumesny with their colors appearing on his three Australian Championship winning sprintcars, his seven World Series Sprintcars championship machines, his Australian Superspeedway Championship winning NASCAR, and during his brief foray into V8 Supercars.[32] It has been involved with Garry Rogers Motorsport since 1990, winning the 2000 Bathurst 1000.
Ashland Water Technologies[edit]
(Note: Ashland divested this segment in August, 2014, sold to private equity for $1.8 billion). In the Water Technologies division, Ashland makes chemical and non-chemical water treatment products for industrial, commercial, and municipal customers. This includes influent and wastewater treatment, and boiling and cooling water treatment chemicals. Ashland acquired the French company OTENE in 2000, and Degussa AG's water treatment business in 2006.[33] In late 2008 with the closure of the Hercules Inc. acquisition, the water and papers division was created with expected revenues in excess of $2 billion.[18] In June 2009, the Drew Marine division of Ashland Water Technologies was sold to J. F. Lehman & Co. for approximately $120 million.[34] Drew Industrial remained an operating business of Ashland Water Technologies.[35]
Environmental record[edit]
As of 2013, Valvoline is the only major lubricant brand that mass-produces a motor oil consisting of at least 50% recycled and re-refined base stock.[36]
See also[edit]

List of companies in the United States
List of S&P 400 companies

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "Ashland, Form 10-K, Annual Report, Filing Date Nov 19, 2012" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Corporate History". Ashland Inc. 2007. Archived from the original on 9 May 2007. Retrieved 2007-05-08. 
^ John E. Kleber Editor-in Chief, The Kentucky Encyclopedia: Blazer, Paul Garrett (Lexington : University of Kentucky Press, 1992)Page 87. 
^ a b c "E Pluribus Unum!" "One Out of Many" An Oil Company Grows Through Acquisitions, An Address at Lexington by member Paul G. Blazer, American Newcomen Society, copyright 1956 Page 9 (PDF). 
^ a b c "Ashland Inc. History: Petroleum Archives Project - Arabian Peninsula & Gulf Studies Program - University of Virginia - Prepared with support from The Kuwait Foundation for the Advancement of Sciences". 
^ John E. Kleber Editor-in Chief, The Kentucky Encyclopedia: Ashland Oil, Inc. (Lexington : University of Kentucky Press, 1992)Page 37. 
^ "National Mississippi River Museum & Aquarium - Achievement Award Winners - Robert "Bob" L. Gray". 
^ "National Mississippi River Museum & Aquarium - Achievement Award Winners - William J. Hull". 
^ "Michael C. Robinson: National Waterways Study – U.S. Army Engineer Water Resources Support Center – Institute for Water Resources: History of Navigation in the Ohio River Basin 1983 Page 39" (PDF). 
^ "Ashland, Form 10-K, Annual Report, Filing Date Dec 8, 1994". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 12, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Plains All American Pipeline, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 27, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Ashland Inc. to move headquarters to Covington, Ky. - Louisville - Louisville Business First". 
^ "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 29, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Aug 21, 2006". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 9, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ Ashland buys business for $92M | Cincinnati Enquirer | Cincinnati.Com
^ a b "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 14, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 14, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ a b "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 10, 2010". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Ashland, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Aug 5, 2011" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ a b "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 31, 2011". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "EZ Lube is now Valvoline Instant Oil Change - Cheap Oil Change Coupons". 
^ "> FAQs > Our Business > Company Overview". Valvoline.com. Retrieved April 12, 2013. 
^ a b c "Riggs to Drive No. 10 Valvoline Pontiac". Race2Win. October 23, 2003. Retrieved September 24, 2013. 
^ "Patrick Carpentier NASCAR Sprint Cup Results (races)". Racing-Reference. Retrieved September 24, 2013. 
^ "A.J. Allmendinger NASCAR Sprint Cup Results (races)". Racing-Reference. Retrieved September 24, 2013. 
^ "Matt Kenseth – Valvoline Racing – Phoenix Advance". Speedway Media. November 9, 2010. Retrieved September 24, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k "Drivers and Crew Chiefs". Valvoline Racing. Retrieved September 24, 2013. 
^ "Valvoline to partner with Hendrick Motorsports". Hendrick Motorsports. September 24, 2013. Retrieved September 24, 2013. 
^ CentralQueenslander (2 November 2013). "Valvoline Commercial with John Laws - Channel 9 Brisbane (1995)" – via YouTube. 
^ "Max Dumesny". 
^ "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 30, 2006". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "file not found". 
^ "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 23, 2009" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Frequently Asked Questions". Valvoline NextGen. [permanent dead link]


External links[edit]

Ashland official website
Ashland SEC Filings
Valvoline official website
Car Brite official website
Nexeo Solutions official website







v
t
e


Ashland, Kentucky



Subject areas



Cityscape
Culture
Demographics
Economy
Education
Geography
Government
History
Mayor
Media
Parks
People








Top subjects



Ashland Inc.
Ashland Regional Airport
Ashland Town Center
Ben Williamson Memorial Bridge
Camayo Arcade
Highlands Museum and Discovery Center
The Independent
King's Daughters Medical Center
Kyova Mall
Mayo Mansion
Paramount Arts Center
Simeon Willis Memorial Bridge





Prominent suburbs



Bellefonte
Catlettsburg
Flatwoods
Russell
Westwood










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ashland_Inc.&oldid=789905119"					
Categories: Automotive fuel brandsOil companies of the United StatesChemical companies of the United StatesAutomotive companies of the United StatesCompanies based in KentuckyAshland, KentuckyEnergy companies established in 1924Non-renewable resource companies established in 19241924 establishments in KentuckyCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançaisNederlands日本語PortuguêsРусскийSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 July 2017, at 11:15.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.








































Ashland | Home




















 
































Ashland in the News
Read about solutions from Ashland and the solvers who made them possible
read more
>





Ashland elects two new members to  board of directors

learn more
>





Who respects, protects, and advances everything it touches?

learn more
>





Who works best underwater?

learn more
>





Webinar: Troubleshooting and solving pharmaceutical film coating problems
A comprehensive review from one of our solvers 
watch today
>






1
2
3
4
5







always solving
We are passionate, tenacious solvers who thrive on developing practical, innovative, and elegant solutions to complex problems in applied chemistry, always pushing the boundaries of what's possible, and advancing the competitiveness of our customers across diverse industries.















efficacy


faster.  better.  fewer.







usability


go with the flow.







allure


the living laboratory.







integrity


when it comes to truck beds, black is the new black.







profitability


we know how you feel about paint.









Are you ready to bond?
fiberHance™ bm solution receives a Gold Award 

at this year's global in-cosmetics show in London, England.



 read more 





Want to harnesses the power of nature? 
Ashland’s technology gently separates 
live plants or algae into various 
bioactive components – 

or Zeta Fractions – 
without the use of solvents and 
with minimal energy consumption 
making potent, sustainable and 
truly innovation solutions a reality.



 Learn more about Zeta Fraction™ technology 





always solving: advancing drug delivery with superior polymer design
Who thinks outside the box to get more in it?


Ashland solvers are ready with sophisticated solutions to improve drug delivery with a full line of excipients and in-house technical and formulation expertise.


 Learn more about Ashland's Pharmacetical capabilities and products. 





always solving: sustainability
always solving 


"It's much more than Ashland's new tagline. It represents the promise we make to our customers, shareholders, employees and local communities every day. It also captures the essence of how we approach sustainability and our responsibility toward being a better steward of our people, products and planet." 

William Wulfsohn, Chairman and CEO Ashland Global Holdings Inc


 Learn more about sustainability at Ashland 





Who juggles products, technologies, formulations, polymers, molecules, measurements and more to find solutions for you? 

 get the answer 









Ashland Inc. - Wikipedia





















 






Ashland Inc.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Ashland Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: ASH
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Manufacturing and chemical distribution


Founded
1924


Headquarters
Covington, Kentucky, U.S.



Key people

Chairman of the Board, William A. Wulfsohn (CEO)


Products
Chemicals, plastics, motor oil products, and other specialized products and services


Revenue

 $ 8.206 billion (FY 2012)
[1]



Operating income

 $ 302 million (FY 2012)[1]



Net income

 $ 26 million (FY 2012)[1]


Total assets
 $ 12.52 billion (FY 2012)[1]


Total equity
 $ 4.029 billion (FY 2012)[1]



Number of employees

15,001 (September 2012)[1]


Website
www.ashland.com


Ashland Inc. is an American Fortune 500 company which operates in more than 100 countries. Headquartered in Covington, Kentucky, in the United States, the company traces its roots back to the city of Ashland, Kentucky (for which it is named) and where it was headquartered from 1924 to 1999.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Founding and early years
1.2 Post-World War II
1.3 1980s-1990s
1.4 Recent years


2 Products

2.1 Ashland Specialty Ingredients
2.2 Ashland Performance Materials
2.3 Valvoline
2.4 Ashland Water Technologies


3 Environmental record
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
Founding and early years[edit]
Ashland was founded in 1924 as the Ashland Refining Company in Catlettsburg, Kentucky, by Paul G. Blazer.[2]
In October 1923, J. Fred Miles of the Swiss Oil Company of Lexington, Kentucky.[3] employed Paul G. Blazer and assigned him the task of locating, purchasing and operating a refinery in northeastern Kentucky. Mr. Blazer selected a location on the banks of the Big Sandy River approximately two miles south of the Ohio River near the community of Leech Station. One mile south of the city of Catlettsburg, the site contained an existing refinery which was purchased by Blazer which had been in operation since 1916. The Catlettsburg site was advantageous due to its location near the Ohio River and offered an efficient means of transportation for the fledgling company. With funds supplied by Swiss Oil, Blazer arranged to buy, at a price of $212,500, the small unprofitable 1,000 barrel per day refinery of Great Eastern Refining Company which had been owned by coal operators in Huntington, West Virginia. With the purchase of the refinery came a small towboat and oil barge.[4]
On February 2, 1924, Blazer and three Swiss Oil executives incorporated Ashland Refining Company, with a paid in capital of $250,000. They took over the operations of the Catlettsburg Refinery which had twenty-five employees who were working seven days per week and twelve hours per day. Blazer moved from Lexington to Ashland. The only member of the Swiss Oil organization to come to Ashland with Blazer was Ashland Refining Company's first treasurer, William Waples.[4]
Ashland's refinery operations in Catlettsburg proved to be successful even from the very first month. Wages were increased and the hours of work were reduced. After making repairs and purchasing some new, modern equipment, the refinery soon had output of 500,000 barrels a year and sales of $1,300,000. In only a few years, the Ashland Refining Company began to show larger returns than the parent company.[4] Ashland Refining Co. grew rapidly through both internal expansion and acquisitions including Union Gas and Oil Company (1925), Tri-State Refining Company (1930), and Cumberland Pipeline Company (1931).[5]
By 1933, Ashland Refining Company owned more than 1,000 wells, 800 miles of pipelines, bulk distribution plants in twelve cities, service stations, river transportation terminals and river equipment. In 1936, under Blazer's leadership, the company's ownership changed from Swiss Oil to the Ashland Oil and Refining Company shareholder group and was headquartered in Ashland, Kentucky. Blazer was appointed chief executive officer of the company.
Blazer's success as manager was recognized by major stockholders. They gave him the power to run Ashland as his own operation, though at no point during his tenure as chief executive officer (1936–1957) did he own a controlling interest in the company.[6]
Blazer's philosophy of supporting the well-being of company employees was evident early on. Two of his early changes were offering employees' sick leave with full pay, and in 1947 the introduction of an employee profit-sharing plan. This move made the company one of the first in the region to offer such benefits. Blazer supported creative arts and invited nearby Greenup County educator and internationally acclaimed author Jesse Stuart to open each annual meeting with a story, a poem, or a bit of humor. He also was a pastor at his local church.
Post-World War II[edit]
After the end of World War II, Ashland teamed with Sperry Corporation to develop the introduction of radar on commercial river vessels and teamed with various shipyards to develop the integrated tow. The "jumbo" tank barge of 195 ft. by 35 ft. became the industry standard and was used by Ashland. Under Blazer's control, the company grew to become a Forbes 500 company by relying on barges to bring in crude oil and deliver refined products to independent marketers.[7] In the process, Ashland soon operated the nation's largest inland towing fleet[8] and in 1953 the Port of Huntington-Tristate exceeded Pittsburgh as the busiest port on the Ohio River[9] and the busiest inland port in the United States, a title it retains to date.
Ashland Oil & Refining Company also grew through many acquisitions such as the Allied Oil Company (1948), Cleveland and Lakeland Tankers (1948), Aetna Oil Company (1949), Freedom-Valvoline Company (1950), Frontier Oil of Buffalo (1950) and National Refining Company (1950).[5]
By 1953, Ashland Oil and Refining Company had 3,518 miles of crude oil pipelines, 252 miles of product lines, six refineries processing an average of 124,000 barrels a day, operated nine tow boats on the inland waterways, and owned over 100 barges. Although still involved as chairman of Ashland's Finance Committee and Executive Committee, Blazer stepped down as chief executive officer in 1957.
Louisville Refining Company was purchased in 1959. United Carbon was purchased in 1963.[5]
In 1966, Ashland Oil and Refinery Company Inc.'s sales had grown to $699,000,000.
Diversification continued with the purchase of Warren Brothers in 1966, which later was to become Ashland Paving and Construction. A major leap into the chemical industry occurred in 1967 when Ashland purchased ADM Chemical Group. This chemical distribution segment of the business would go on to be one of the primary functions of the company in the later part of the 20th century. In 1969, the company reorganized to form Ashland Petroleum, as well as entering into a joint venture in Coal mining under the name Arch Mineral.
1980s-1990s[edit]
In the 1980s and early 1990s, Ashland continued to expand buying The Permian Corporation which it merged with Scurlock Oil Company in 1991 to form a subsidiary known as Scurlock Permian Corporation. In 1992, most of Unocal's chemical distribution business was acquired, making Ashland the top chemical distributor in North America. At this time, the Industrial Chemicals & Solvents (IC&S) division was established. The company's name was changed from "Ashland Oil, Incorporated" to the present "Ashland Inc." in 1995, which noted the reduced importance of oil in the overall business.[10]
In 1998, the petroleum division merged with Marathon Oil to form Marathon Ashland Petroleum, LLC (MAP).[11] Following that in 1999, Ashland was #102 on the Forbes list of Fortune 500 companies when it agreed to sell its Scurlock Permian subsidiary to Plains All American Pipeline and the headquarters were moved from Ashland to Covington, Kentucky, although the company maintains an officebuilding in Russell, adjacent to Ashland.[12][13] A monumental change came in 2005, when Ashland sold its shares of the petroleum joint venture to Marathon Oil,[14] effectively dissolving the remnants of their petroleum division. After the sale, the company was no longer involved in the refining or marketing of fuels. The original oil refinery in Catlettsburg, Kentucky, is still in operation to date, owned and operated by Marathon. In 2006, Ashland sold APAC (the paving and construction division) to the Oldcastle Materials subsidiary of Oldcastle Inc. of Dublin, Ireland.[15]
Recent years[edit]
Ashland purchased the adhesive and emulsions divisions of Air Products & Chemicals in 2008.[16][17]
Ashland announced plans to acquire Hercules Inc. on July 11, 2008, for $3.3B.[18] On November 13, 2008, the transaction was completed.[19]
In July 2010 Ashland merged its foundry chemicals activity with Süd-Chemie of Munich, Germany, to form ASK Chemicals L.P. with headquarters in Dublin, Ohio.
In November 2010 Ashland announced plans to sell its distribution business known as Ashland Distribution to TPG Capital for $930 Million.[20] The Ashland Distribution business had been a part of Ashland since 1969. With revenues of $3.4 billion, the Ashland Distribution business had approximately 2,000 employees across North America and Europe, and entered the China plastics market in 2009.[20] The sale was finalized April 1, 2011, with a final sale price of US$979 million. The new privately held company is named Nexeo Solutions.[21]
In May 2011 Ashland announced that it had bought the privately owned company International Specialty Products Inc. (ISP) for $3.2 billion. ISP is a supplier of specialty chemicals and performance-enhancing products for consumer and industrial markets.[22]
Valvoline Instant Oil Change moved into the Southern California area in March 2012 when the EZ Lube franchise had been purchased by Henley Enterprises, VIOC's largest franchisee.[23]
In 2014, Ashland Water Technologies was sold to a private equity buyer.
Products[edit]




A Valvoline Instant Oil Change location


The company currently has four wholly owned divisions, which include Ashland Specialty Ingredients, Ashland Water Technologies, Ashland Performance Materials, & Ashland Consumer Markets (Valvoline).
Ashland Specialty Ingredients[edit]
The Specialty Ingredients division offers products, technologies and resources for formulation and product performance. The markets for the products include personal care, pharmaceutical, food and beverage, coatings and energy. In May 2011 Ashland bought the company ISP inc, which was planned to be incorporated into the Ashland Specialty Ingredients division.[22]
Ashland Performance Materials[edit]
Combining the Casting Solutions, Composite Polymers, and Specialty Polymers & Adhesives businesses, Performance Materials provides products for the construction, packaging, transport, marine, and metal casting industries. Twenty nine manufacturing facilities are located in 15 countries around the world. Casting Solutions makes Foundry Binder Resins, chemicals, sleeves, and filters for the metalworking industry. The Composite Polymers business sells unsaturated polyester resins, vinyl ester resins, and gelcoats, for use in Composites. Finally, the Specialty Polymers & Adhesives business manufactures various adhesives and resins for the transportation, aerospace, and construction industries.
Valvoline[edit]




The Valvoline-sponsored car of Matt Kenseth


Valvoline is one of the largest producers of motor oil in the United States. Valvoline was founded by Dr. John Ellis who formulated a petroleum-based lubricant in 1866 and trademarked the Valvoline name in 1873 in Binghamton, New York. Currently, Valvoline World Headquarters are in Lexington, Kentucky. Valvoline is the oldest motor oil marketer in the United States.[24]
In North America, Valvoline is divided into two main sections. The "Do it for me" (DIFM) business, which includes over 800 company and franchise Valvoline Instant Oil Change locations; a contractual "non franchise" branch of automotive care facilities named Valvoline Express Care; and the generally supply agreement only "We Feature" outlets. The "Do it yourself" (DIY) business includes automotive-related products. Included in these are Valvoline lubricants, along with Car Brite commercial automotive appearance products, Eagle One consumer automotive appearance products, Pyroil automotive chemicals, and Zerex antifreeze. Outside of North America, the company has very few auto care businesses, but rather focuses on selling to consumers as well as OEM manufacturers. Valvoline operates in the United Kingdom from Birkenhead, Merseyside.
Valvoline has sponsored several NASCAR and IndyCar drivers, including Buddy Baker (1983–1984), Ron Bouchard (1985–1986), Neil Bonnett (1987–1988), Morgan Shepherd (1989), Mark Martin (1992–2000); Al Unser Jr. (1988–1993); Robby Gordon (1994–1996), Gil de Ferran (1997–1999); Johnny Benson, Jr.;[25] Scott Riggs,[25] Patrick Carpentier,[26] A. J. Allmendinger,[27] Matt Kenseth,[28] Greg Biffle;[29] Ricky Stenhouse, Jr.;[29] Carl Edwards,[29] Trevor Bayne,[29] and Casey Mears.[29]
Valvoline was an official lubricant partner of Marussia F1 Team later Manor Marussia F1 Team in 2014–2015.
Valvoline was co-owner of NASCAR Cup team MBV Motorsports from 2001 to 2005.[25] The brand began sponsoring Hendrick Motorsports starting in 2014.[30]
Valvoline has also sponsored NHRA drivers Joe Amato, Tony Schumacher,[29] Jack Beckman,[29] Antron Brown,[29] Matt Hagan,[29] Spencer Massey,[29] and Ron Capps.[29]




Garry Rogers Motorsport Volvo S60 of Robert Dahlgren in 2014


Valvoline also has a long history in Australia. Long time Sydney radio personality John Laws was used in television advertisements to promote their oils during the 1980s and 90s with the line "Valvoline, you know what I mean" becoming a popular catchphrase.[31] It has also had a long association with legendary Australian Sprintcar driver Max Dumesny with their colors appearing on his three Australian Championship winning sprintcars, his seven World Series Sprintcars championship machines, his Australian Superspeedway Championship winning NASCAR, and during his brief foray into V8 Supercars.[32] It has been involved with Garry Rogers Motorsport since 1990, winning the 2000 Bathurst 1000.
Ashland Water Technologies[edit]
(Note: Ashland divested this segment in August, 2014, sold to private equity for $1.8 billion). In the Water Technologies division, Ashland makes chemical and non-chemical water treatment products for industrial, commercial, and municipal customers. This includes influent and wastewater treatment, and boiling and cooling water treatment chemicals. Ashland acquired the French company OTENE in 2000, and Degussa AG's water treatment business in 2006.[33] In late 2008 with the closure of the Hercules Inc. acquisition, the water and papers division was created with expected revenues in excess of $2 billion.[18] In June 2009, the Drew Marine division of Ashland Water Technologies was sold to J. F. Lehman & Co. for approximately $120 million.[34] Drew Industrial remained an operating business of Ashland Water Technologies.[35]
Environmental record[edit]
As of 2013, Valvoline is the only major lubricant brand that mass-produces a motor oil consisting of at least 50% recycled and re-refined base stock.[36]
See also[edit]

List of companies in the United States
List of S&P 400 companies

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "Ashland, Form 10-K, Annual Report, Filing Date Nov 19, 2012" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Corporate History". Ashland Inc. 2007. Archived from the original on 9 May 2007. Retrieved 2007-05-08. 
^ John E. Kleber Editor-in Chief, The Kentucky Encyclopedia: Blazer, Paul Garrett (Lexington : University of Kentucky Press, 1992)Page 87. 
^ a b c "E Pluribus Unum!" "One Out of Many" An Oil Company Grows Through Acquisitions, An Address at Lexington by member Paul G. Blazer, American Newcomen Society, copyright 1956 Page 9 (PDF). 
^ a b c "Ashland Inc. History: Petroleum Archives Project - Arabian Peninsula & Gulf Studies Program - University of Virginia - Prepared with support from The Kuwait Foundation for the Advancement of Sciences". 
^ John E. Kleber Editor-in Chief, The Kentucky Encyclopedia: Ashland Oil, Inc. (Lexington : University of Kentucky Press, 1992)Page 37. 
^ "National Mississippi River Museum & Aquarium - Achievement Award Winners - Robert "Bob" L. Gray". 
^ "National Mississippi River Museum & Aquarium - Achievement Award Winners - William J. Hull". 
^ "Michael C. Robinson: National Waterways Study – U.S. Army Engineer Water Resources Support Center – Institute for Water Resources: History of Navigation in the Ohio River Basin 1983 Page 39" (PDF). 
^ "Ashland, Form 10-K, Annual Report, Filing Date Dec 8, 1994". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 12, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Plains All American Pipeline, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 27, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Ashland Inc. to move headquarters to Covington, Ky. - Louisville - Louisville Business First". 
^ "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 29, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Aug 21, 2006". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 9, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ Ashland buys business for $92M | Cincinnati Enquirer | Cincinnati.Com
^ a b "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 14, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 14, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ a b "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 10, 2010". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Ashland, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Aug 5, 2011" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ a b "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 31, 2011". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "EZ Lube is now Valvoline Instant Oil Change - Cheap Oil Change Coupons". 
^ "> FAQs > Our Business > Company Overview". Valvoline.com. Retrieved April 12, 2013. 
^ a b c "Riggs to Drive No. 10 Valvoline Pontiac". Race2Win. October 23, 2003. Retrieved September 24, 2013. 
^ "Patrick Carpentier NASCAR Sprint Cup Results (races)". Racing-Reference. Retrieved September 24, 2013. 
^ "A.J. Allmendinger NASCAR Sprint Cup Results (races)". Racing-Reference. Retrieved September 24, 2013. 
^ "Matt Kenseth – Valvoline Racing – Phoenix Advance". Speedway Media. November 9, 2010. Retrieved September 24, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k "Drivers and Crew Chiefs". Valvoline Racing. Retrieved September 24, 2013. 
^ "Valvoline to partner with Hendrick Motorsports". Hendrick Motorsports. September 24, 2013. Retrieved September 24, 2013. 
^ CentralQueenslander (2 November 2013). "Valvoline Commercial with John Laws - Channel 9 Brisbane (1995)" – via YouTube. 
^ "Max Dumesny". 
^ "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 30, 2006". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "file not found". 
^ "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 23, 2009" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Frequently Asked Questions". Valvoline NextGen. [permanent dead link]


External links[edit]

Ashland official website
Ashland SEC Filings
Valvoline official website
Car Brite official website
Nexeo Solutions official website







v
t
e


Ashland, Kentucky



Subject areas



Cityscape
Culture
Demographics
Economy
Education
Geography
Government
History
Mayor
Media
Parks
People








Top subjects



Ashland Inc.
Ashland Regional Airport
Ashland Town Center
Ben Williamson Memorial Bridge
Camayo Arcade
Highlands Museum and Discovery Center
The Independent
King's Daughters Medical Center
Kyova Mall
Mayo Mansion
Paramount Arts Center
Simeon Willis Memorial Bridge





Prominent suburbs



Bellefonte
Catlettsburg
Flatwoods
Russell
Westwood










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ashland_Inc.&oldid=789905119"					
Categories: Automotive fuel brandsOil companies of the United StatesChemical companies of the United StatesAutomotive companies of the United StatesCompanies based in KentuckyAshland, KentuckyEnergy companies established in 1924Non-renewable resource companies established in 19241924 establishments in KentuckyCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançaisNederlands日本語PortuguêsРусскийSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 July 2017, at 11:15.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






















Ashland (@AshlandInc) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.






Moments
Moments
Moments, current page.






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      Ashland



@AshlandInc












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
1,504
            



Following
Following
329



Followers
Followers
2,121



Likes
Likes
136



Lists
Lists
1
 
 
More 







Likes
Lists






Unmute @AshlandInc

Mute @AshlandInc



Follow


    Following
  

    Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















Ashland



@AshlandInc


always solving™







 
    ashland.com
  




Joined May 2011












                
                269 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                



                  Media
                





You blocked @AshlandInc
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @AshlandInc
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            Ashland followed
        

























Ashland‏ @AshlandInc

Jul 21






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Ashland elects two new members to board of directors. Read more - http://ow.ly/nVTt30dOPxH pic.twitter.com/OU3eKau8jB
















0 replies




0 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ashland‏ @AshlandInc

Jul 20






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







#alwayssolving  Aquaflow™ thickeners solve flow issues, for paint with improved usability and efficacy. http://ow.ly/AT8w30dMTTK pic.twitter.com/rniqRYzVVt
















0 replies




0 retweets




4 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


4





Liked


4










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ashland‏ @AshlandInc

May 6






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







The global market for electric vehicles will more than double in 2 years. What's powering the revolution?  http://ow.ly/Dz5a30b9LyV  #ev





0 replies




0 retweets




7 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


7





Liked


7










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ashland‏ @AshlandInc

May 1






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Ashland's Investor Day has been huge. If you didn't make it to NYC you can download the deck. http://ow.ly/A58K30bktVM 





0 replies




2 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ashland‏ @AshlandInc

May 1






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Investor Day 2017 in NYC! Great interest from the audience so far!pic.twitter.com/5YaQMucIXl
















0 replies




0 retweets




4 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


4





Liked


4










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ashland‏ @AshlandInc

Apr 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







25MM EV will be on the road by 2019. Here's the technology making it happen. http://ow.ly/Mc9130b9KJF  #green #electricvehicle





0 replies




0 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ashland‏ @AshlandInc

Apr 25






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







In 2 yrs electric cars will account for 1/4 of all new cars. Find out how battery technology makes that possible. http://ow.ly/TSsC30b9K52 





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ashland‏ @AshlandInc

Apr 11






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Join our webinar with American Pharmaceutical Review on April 20 at 1pm ET. Register here: http://bit.ly/2ov8jrs pic.twitter.com/S1eh8dbMiC
















0 replies




0 retweets




3 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ashland‏ @AshlandInc

Apr 6






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







We had a fantastic time at #incosglobal. Lovely meeting so many innovative R&D professionals.





0 replies




0 retweets




3 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ashland‏ @AshlandInc

Apr 6






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







That's a wrap! Thank you for visiting our booth at #incosGlobal. We will remain #alwayssolving. Stay tuned.





0 replies




0 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ashland‏ @AshlandInc

Apr 6






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







For damaged hair, our award winning FiberHance technology strengthens through internal bond repair. Find out more at booth FF30 #incosglobal





0 replies




0 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ashland‏ @AshlandInc

Apr 6






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Did you know your skin could taste? Come and discover our serenityl product. Find out more at booth FF30 #incosglobal





0 replies




0 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ashland‏ @AshlandInc

Apr 5






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Good morning #ECS! Today is a great day to stop by booth 7A-434 for help with your most difficult challenges!pic.twitter.com/Y7IRpt5GCl
















0 replies




2 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Ashland Retweeted
            







in-cosmetics‏ @incosmetics

Apr 5






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







.@AshlandInc takes GOLD for the #Innovation Zone Ingredient Award. Its FiberHance BM solution came out on top in a close-knit competitionpic.twitter.com/kfZ7GailxO
















1 reply




5 retweets




3 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


5




Retweeted


5








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ashland‏ @AshlandInc

Apr 5






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







We’re proud to announce our amazing team of solvers won Gold at the #incosGlobal Innovation Awards for our new solution, FiberHance!pic.twitter.com/nWZ2L2ThbV
















0 replies




0 retweets




5 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


5





Liked


5










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ashland‏ @AshlandInc

Apr 5






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







At ECS? Stop by booth 7A-434 to learn how Ashland can solve for you.pic.twitter.com/dZ8Ne8HT80
















0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ashland‏ @AshlandInc

Apr 5






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







We are shortlisted with FiberHance at the #incosGlobal Innovation Awards, fingers crossed! #alwayssolving





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ashland‏ @AshlandInc

Apr 5






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Rejuvenate hair with our innovative FiberHance molecule - it penetrates hair fibers to repair + create new bonds #alwayssolving #incosGlobalpic.twitter.com/j20h96rqHc
















0 replies




0 retweets




2 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ashland‏ @AshlandInc

Apr 5






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







We've been creating an awesome caviar serum with outstanding sensorial and moisturizing properties at our #incosGlobal formulation session!pic.twitter.com/x3BiRA4AJB























0 replies




0 retweets




2 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Ashland‏ @AshlandInc

Apr 5






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Dream of harnessing the power of nature? Zeta Fraction puts the Lotus Flower into our brand new Harmoniance formulationpic.twitter.com/1nUZyzbeqR
















0 replies




0 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @AshlandInc hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user

























Ashland Inc. - Wikipedia





















 






Ashland Inc.

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search


Ashland Inc.





Type

Public


Traded as
NYSE: ASH
S&P 400 Component


Industry
Manufacturing and chemical distribution


Founded
1924


Headquarters
Covington, Kentucky, U.S.



Key people

Chairman of the Board, William A. Wulfsohn (CEO)


Products
Chemicals, plastics, motor oil products, and other specialized products and services


Revenue

 $ 8.206 billion (FY 2012)
[1]



Operating income

 $ 302 million (FY 2012)[1]



Net income

 $ 26 million (FY 2012)[1]


Total assets
 $ 12.52 billion (FY 2012)[1]


Total equity
 $ 4.029 billion (FY 2012)[1]



Number of employees

15,001 (September 2012)[1]


Website
www.ashland.com


Ashland Inc. is an American Fortune 500 company which operates in more than 100 countries. Headquartered in Covington, Kentucky, in the United States, the company traces its roots back to the city of Ashland, Kentucky (for which it is named) and where it was headquartered from 1924 to 1999.



Contents


1 History

1.1 Founding and early years
1.2 Post-World War II
1.3 1980s-1990s
1.4 Recent years


2 Products

2.1 Ashland Specialty Ingredients
2.2 Ashland Performance Materials
2.3 Valvoline
2.4 Ashland Water Technologies


3 Environmental record
4 See also
5 References
6 External links



History[edit]
Founding and early years[edit]
Ashland was founded in 1924 as the Ashland Refining Company in Catlettsburg, Kentucky, by Paul G. Blazer.[2]
In October 1923, J. Fred Miles of the Swiss Oil Company of Lexington, Kentucky.[3] employed Paul G. Blazer and assigned him the task of locating, purchasing and operating a refinery in northeastern Kentucky. Mr. Blazer selected a location on the banks of the Big Sandy River approximately two miles south of the Ohio River near the community of Leech Station. One mile south of the city of Catlettsburg, the site contained an existing refinery which was purchased by Blazer which had been in operation since 1916. The Catlettsburg site was advantageous due to its location near the Ohio River and offered an efficient means of transportation for the fledgling company. With funds supplied by Swiss Oil, Blazer arranged to buy, at a price of $212,500, the small unprofitable 1,000 barrel per day refinery of Great Eastern Refining Company which had been owned by coal operators in Huntington, West Virginia. With the purchase of the refinery came a small towboat and oil barge.[4]
On February 2, 1924, Blazer and three Swiss Oil executives incorporated Ashland Refining Company, with a paid in capital of $250,000. They took over the operations of the Catlettsburg Refinery which had twenty-five employees who were working seven days per week and twelve hours per day. Blazer moved from Lexington to Ashland. The only member of the Swiss Oil organization to come to Ashland with Blazer was Ashland Refining Company's first treasurer, William Waples.[4]
Ashland's refinery operations in Catlettsburg proved to be successful even from the very first month. Wages were increased and the hours of work were reduced. After making repairs and purchasing some new, modern equipment, the refinery soon had output of 500,000 barrels a year and sales of $1,300,000. In only a few years, the Ashland Refining Company began to show larger returns than the parent company.[4] Ashland Refining Co. grew rapidly through both internal expansion and acquisitions including Union Gas and Oil Company (1925), Tri-State Refining Company (1930), and Cumberland Pipeline Company (1931).[5]
By 1933, Ashland Refining Company owned more than 1,000 wells, 800 miles of pipelines, bulk distribution plants in twelve cities, service stations, river transportation terminals and river equipment. In 1936, under Blazer's leadership, the company's ownership changed from Swiss Oil to the Ashland Oil and Refining Company shareholder group and was headquartered in Ashland, Kentucky. Blazer was appointed chief executive officer of the company.
Blazer's success as manager was recognized by major stockholders. They gave him the power to run Ashland as his own operation, though at no point during his tenure as chief executive officer (1936–1957) did he own a controlling interest in the company.[6]
Blazer's philosophy of supporting the well-being of company employees was evident early on. Two of his early changes were offering employees' sick leave with full pay, and in 1947 the introduction of an employee profit-sharing plan. This move made the company one of the first in the region to offer such benefits. Blazer supported creative arts and invited nearby Greenup County educator and internationally acclaimed author Jesse Stuart to open each annual meeting with a story, a poem, or a bit of humor. He also was a pastor at his local church.
Post-World War II[edit]
After the end of World War II, Ashland teamed with Sperry Corporation to develop the introduction of radar on commercial river vessels and teamed with various shipyards to develop the integrated tow. The "jumbo" tank barge of 195 ft. by 35 ft. became the industry standard and was used by Ashland. Under Blazer's control, the company grew to become a Forbes 500 company by relying on barges to bring in crude oil and deliver refined products to independent marketers.[7] In the process, Ashland soon operated the nation's largest inland towing fleet[8] and in 1953 the Port of Huntington-Tristate exceeded Pittsburgh as the busiest port on the Ohio River[9] and the busiest inland port in the United States, a title it retains to date.
Ashland Oil & Refining Company also grew through many acquisitions such as the Allied Oil Company (1948), Cleveland and Lakeland Tankers (1948), Aetna Oil Company (1949), Freedom-Valvoline Company (1950), Frontier Oil of Buffalo (1950) and National Refining Company (1950).[5]
By 1953, Ashland Oil and Refining Company had 3,518 miles of crude oil pipelines, 252 miles of product lines, six refineries processing an average of 124,000 barrels a day, operated nine tow boats on the inland waterways, and owned over 100 barges. Although still involved as chairman of Ashland's Finance Committee and Executive Committee, Blazer stepped down as chief executive officer in 1957.
Louisville Refining Company was purchased in 1959. United Carbon was purchased in 1963.[5]
In 1966, Ashland Oil and Refinery Company Inc.'s sales had grown to $699,000,000.
Diversification continued with the purchase of Warren Brothers in 1966, which later was to become Ashland Paving and Construction. A major leap into the chemical industry occurred in 1967 when Ashland purchased ADM Chemical Group. This chemical distribution segment of the business would go on to be one of the primary functions of the company in the later part of the 20th century. In 1969, the company reorganized to form Ashland Petroleum, as well as entering into a joint venture in Coal mining under the name Arch Mineral.
1980s-1990s[edit]
In the 1980s and early 1990s, Ashland continued to expand buying The Permian Corporation which it merged with Scurlock Oil Company in 1991 to form a subsidiary known as Scurlock Permian Corporation. In 1992, most of Unocal's chemical distribution business was acquired, making Ashland the top chemical distributor in North America. At this time, the Industrial Chemicals & Solvents (IC&S) division was established. The company's name was changed from "Ashland Oil, Incorporated" to the present "Ashland Inc." in 1995, which noted the reduced importance of oil in the overall business.[10]
In 1998, the petroleum division merged with Marathon Oil to form Marathon Ashland Petroleum, LLC (MAP).[11] Following that in 1999, Ashland was #102 on the Forbes list of Fortune 500 companies when it agreed to sell its Scurlock Permian subsidiary to Plains All American Pipeline and the headquarters were moved from Ashland to Covington, Kentucky, although the company maintains an officebuilding in Russell, adjacent to Ashland.[12][13] A monumental change came in 2005, when Ashland sold its shares of the petroleum joint venture to Marathon Oil,[14] effectively dissolving the remnants of their petroleum division. After the sale, the company was no longer involved in the refining or marketing of fuels. The original oil refinery in Catlettsburg, Kentucky, is still in operation to date, owned and operated by Marathon. In 2006, Ashland sold APAC (the paving and construction division) to the Oldcastle Materials subsidiary of Oldcastle Inc. of Dublin, Ireland.[15]
Recent years[edit]
Ashland purchased the adhesive and emulsions divisions of Air Products & Chemicals in 2008.[16][17]
Ashland announced plans to acquire Hercules Inc. on July 11, 2008, for $3.3B.[18] On November 13, 2008, the transaction was completed.[19]
In July 2010 Ashland merged its foundry chemicals activity with Süd-Chemie of Munich, Germany, to form ASK Chemicals L.P. with headquarters in Dublin, Ohio.
In November 2010 Ashland announced plans to sell its distribution business known as Ashland Distribution to TPG Capital for $930 Million.[20] The Ashland Distribution business had been a part of Ashland since 1969. With revenues of $3.4 billion, the Ashland Distribution business had approximately 2,000 employees across North America and Europe, and entered the China plastics market in 2009.[20] The sale was finalized April 1, 2011, with a final sale price of US$979 million. The new privately held company is named Nexeo Solutions.[21]
In May 2011 Ashland announced that it had bought the privately owned company International Specialty Products Inc. (ISP) for $3.2 billion. ISP is a supplier of specialty chemicals and performance-enhancing products for consumer and industrial markets.[22]
Valvoline Instant Oil Change moved into the Southern California area in March 2012 when the EZ Lube franchise had been purchased by Henley Enterprises, VIOC's largest franchisee.[23]
In 2014, Ashland Water Technologies was sold to a private equity buyer.
Products[edit]




A Valvoline Instant Oil Change location


The company currently has four wholly owned divisions, which include Ashland Specialty Ingredients, Ashland Water Technologies, Ashland Performance Materials, & Ashland Consumer Markets (Valvoline).
Ashland Specialty Ingredients[edit]
The Specialty Ingredients division offers products, technologies and resources for formulation and product performance. The markets for the products include personal care, pharmaceutical, food and beverage, coatings and energy. In May 2011 Ashland bought the company ISP inc, which was planned to be incorporated into the Ashland Specialty Ingredients division.[22]
Ashland Performance Materials[edit]
Combining the Casting Solutions, Composite Polymers, and Specialty Polymers & Adhesives businesses, Performance Materials provides products for the construction, packaging, transport, marine, and metal casting industries. Twenty nine manufacturing facilities are located in 15 countries around the world. Casting Solutions makes Foundry Binder Resins, chemicals, sleeves, and filters for the metalworking industry. The Composite Polymers business sells unsaturated polyester resins, vinyl ester resins, and gelcoats, for use in Composites. Finally, the Specialty Polymers & Adhesives business manufactures various adhesives and resins for the transportation, aerospace, and construction industries.
Valvoline[edit]




The Valvoline-sponsored car of Matt Kenseth


Valvoline is one of the largest producers of motor oil in the United States. Valvoline was founded by Dr. John Ellis who formulated a petroleum-based lubricant in 1866 and trademarked the Valvoline name in 1873 in Binghamton, New York. Currently, Valvoline World Headquarters are in Lexington, Kentucky. Valvoline is the oldest motor oil marketer in the United States.[24]
In North America, Valvoline is divided into two main sections. The "Do it for me" (DIFM) business, which includes over 800 company and franchise Valvoline Instant Oil Change locations; a contractual "non franchise" branch of automotive care facilities named Valvoline Express Care; and the generally supply agreement only "We Feature" outlets. The "Do it yourself" (DIY) business includes automotive-related products. Included in these are Valvoline lubricants, along with Car Brite commercial automotive appearance products, Eagle One consumer automotive appearance products, Pyroil automotive chemicals, and Zerex antifreeze. Outside of North America, the company has very few auto care businesses, but rather focuses on selling to consumers as well as OEM manufacturers. Valvoline operates in the United Kingdom from Birkenhead, Merseyside.
Valvoline has sponsored several NASCAR and IndyCar drivers, including Buddy Baker (1983–1984), Ron Bouchard (1985–1986), Neil Bonnett (1987–1988), Morgan Shepherd (1989), Mark Martin (1992–2000); Al Unser Jr. (1988–1993); Robby Gordon (1994–1996), Gil de Ferran (1997–1999); Johnny Benson, Jr.;[25] Scott Riggs,[25] Patrick Carpentier,[26] A. J. Allmendinger,[27] Matt Kenseth,[28] Greg Biffle;[29] Ricky Stenhouse, Jr.;[29] Carl Edwards,[29] Trevor Bayne,[29] and Casey Mears.[29]
Valvoline was an official lubricant partner of Marussia F1 Team later Manor Marussia F1 Team in 2014–2015.
Valvoline was co-owner of NASCAR Cup team MBV Motorsports from 2001 to 2005.[25] The brand began sponsoring Hendrick Motorsports starting in 2014.[30]
Valvoline has also sponsored NHRA drivers Joe Amato, Tony Schumacher,[29] Jack Beckman,[29] Antron Brown,[29] Matt Hagan,[29] Spencer Massey,[29] and Ron Capps.[29]




Garry Rogers Motorsport Volvo S60 of Robert Dahlgren in 2014


Valvoline also has a long history in Australia. Long time Sydney radio personality John Laws was used in television advertisements to promote their oils during the 1980s and 90s with the line "Valvoline, you know what I mean" becoming a popular catchphrase.[31] It has also had a long association with legendary Australian Sprintcar driver Max Dumesny with their colors appearing on his three Australian Championship winning sprintcars, his seven World Series Sprintcars championship machines, his Australian Superspeedway Championship winning NASCAR, and during his brief foray into V8 Supercars.[32] It has been involved with Garry Rogers Motorsport since 1990, winning the 2000 Bathurst 1000.
Ashland Water Technologies[edit]
(Note: Ashland divested this segment in August, 2014, sold to private equity for $1.8 billion). In the Water Technologies division, Ashland makes chemical and non-chemical water treatment products for industrial, commercial, and municipal customers. This includes influent and wastewater treatment, and boiling and cooling water treatment chemicals. Ashland acquired the French company OTENE in 2000, and Degussa AG's water treatment business in 2006.[33] In late 2008 with the closure of the Hercules Inc. acquisition, the water and papers division was created with expected revenues in excess of $2 billion.[18] In June 2009, the Drew Marine division of Ashland Water Technologies was sold to J. F. Lehman & Co. for approximately $120 million.[34] Drew Industrial remained an operating business of Ashland Water Technologies.[35]
Environmental record[edit]
As of 2013, Valvoline is the only major lubricant brand that mass-produces a motor oil consisting of at least 50% recycled and re-refined base stock.[36]
See also[edit]

List of companies in the United States
List of S&P 400 companies

References[edit]


^ a b c d e f "Ashland, Form 10-K, Annual Report, Filing Date Nov 19, 2012" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Corporate History". Ashland Inc. 2007. Archived from the original on 9 May 2007. Retrieved 2007-05-08. 
^ John E. Kleber Editor-in Chief, The Kentucky Encyclopedia: Blazer, Paul Garrett (Lexington : University of Kentucky Press, 1992)Page 87. 
^ a b c "E Pluribus Unum!" "One Out of Many" An Oil Company Grows Through Acquisitions, An Address at Lexington by member Paul G. Blazer, American Newcomen Society, copyright 1956 Page 9 (PDF). 
^ a b c "Ashland Inc. History: Petroleum Archives Project - Arabian Peninsula & Gulf Studies Program - University of Virginia - Prepared with support from The Kuwait Foundation for the Advancement of Sciences". 
^ John E. Kleber Editor-in Chief, The Kentucky Encyclopedia: Ashland Oil, Inc. (Lexington : University of Kentucky Press, 1992)Page 37. 
^ "National Mississippi River Museum & Aquarium - Achievement Award Winners - Robert "Bob" L. Gray". 
^ "National Mississippi River Museum & Aquarium - Achievement Award Winners - William J. Hull". 
^ "Michael C. Robinson: National Waterways Study – U.S. Army Engineer Water Resources Support Center – Institute for Water Resources: History of Navigation in the Ohio River Basin 1983 Page 39" (PDF). 
^ "Ashland, Form 10-K, Annual Report, Filing Date Dec 8, 1994". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Dec 12, 1997". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Plains All American Pipeline, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 27, 1999". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Ashland Inc. to move headquarters to Covington, Ky. - Louisville - Louisville Business First". 
^ "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 29, 2005". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Aug 21, 2006". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 9, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ Ashland buys business for $92M | Cincinnati Enquirer | Cincinnati.Com
^ a b "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jul 14, 2008". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 14, 2008" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ a b "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Nov 10, 2010". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Ashland, Form 10-Q, Quarterly Report, Filing Date Aug 5, 2011" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ a b "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date May 31, 2011". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "EZ Lube is now Valvoline Instant Oil Change - Cheap Oil Change Coupons". 
^ "> FAQs > Our Business > Company Overview". Valvoline.com. Retrieved April 12, 2013. 
^ a b c "Riggs to Drive No. 10 Valvoline Pontiac". Race2Win. October 23, 2003. Retrieved September 24, 2013. 
^ "Patrick Carpentier NASCAR Sprint Cup Results (races)". Racing-Reference. Retrieved September 24, 2013. 
^ "A.J. Allmendinger NASCAR Sprint Cup Results (races)". Racing-Reference. Retrieved September 24, 2013. 
^ "Matt Kenseth – Valvoline Racing – Phoenix Advance". Speedway Media. November 9, 2010. Retrieved September 24, 2013. 
^ a b c d e f g h i j k "Drivers and Crew Chiefs". Valvoline Racing. Retrieved September 24, 2013. 
^ "Valvoline to partner with Hendrick Motorsports". Hendrick Motorsports. September 24, 2013. Retrieved September 24, 2013. 
^ CentralQueenslander (2 November 2013). "Valvoline Commercial with John Laws - Channel 9 Brisbane (1995)" – via YouTube. 
^ "Max Dumesny". 
^ "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Mar 30, 2006". secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "file not found". 
^ "Ashland, Form 8-K, Current Report, Filing Date Jun 23, 2009" (PDF). secdatabase.com. Retrieved January 15, 2013. 
^ "Frequently Asked Questions". Valvoline NextGen. [permanent dead link]


External links[edit]

Ashland official website
Ashland SEC Filings
Valvoline official website
Car Brite official website
Nexeo Solutions official website







v
t
e


Ashland, Kentucky



Subject areas



Cityscape
Culture
Demographics
Economy
Education
Geography
Government
History
Mayor
Media
Parks
People








Top subjects



Ashland Inc.
Ashland Regional Airport
Ashland Town Center
Ben Williamson Memorial Bridge
Camayo Arcade
Highlands Museum and Discovery Center
The Independent
King's Daughters Medical Center
Kyova Mall
Mayo Mansion
Paramount Arts Center
Simeon Willis Memorial Bridge





Prominent suburbs



Bellefonte
Catlettsburg
Flatwoods
Russell
Westwood










 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Ashland_Inc.&oldid=789905119"					
Categories: Automotive fuel brandsOil companies of the United StatesChemical companies of the United StatesAutomotive companies of the United StatesCompanies based in KentuckyAshland, KentuckyEnergy companies established in 1924Non-renewable resource companies established in 19241924 establishments in KentuckyCompanies listed on the New York Stock ExchangeHidden categories: All articles with dead external linksArticles with dead external links from July 2017Articles with permanently dead external linksPages using deprecated image syntax 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



Languages


DeutschفارسیFrançaisNederlands日本語PortuguêsРусскийSvenska 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 10 July 2017, at 11:15.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
