

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version

















Harvey A. Ashman - Senior Vice President, General Counsel, External Affairs & Corporate Secretary at QuintilesIMS, Inc.



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Harvey A. Ashman
Senior Vice President, General Counsel, External Affairs & Corporate Secretary at QuintilesIMS, Inc.



Overview
Relationships Paths
Education Career History Political Donations Transactions 


Harvey A. Ashman
Senior Vice President, General Counsel, External Affairs & Corporate Secretary at QuintilesIMS, Inc.



 Overview



Age



54
                                  (Born 1963)
                                              




Notable Companies


QuintilesIMS, Inc.

IMS Health Holdings, Inc.




Number of Relationships



                This person is connected to 378 people.
              






 Relationships
              See Details




Ari Bousbib

Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at Quintiles IMS Holdings, Inc.




Murray L. Aitken

Senior Vice President & Executive Director, IMS Institute for Healthcare Informatics at QuintilesIMS, Inc.





Jose Luis Fernandez

President, South Europe & Middle East at QuintilesIMS, Inc.




Patrick O'Brien

Partner at Ropes & Gray LLP





Tatsuyuki Saeki

Chairman, Japan at QuintilesIMS, Inc.




Robert Chu

President, Asia Pacific & China at QuintilesIMS, Inc.





Harshan Bhangdia

Principal Accounting Officer, Vice President & Controller at QuintilesIMS, Inc.




Ronald E. Bruehlman

Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer at QuintilesIMS, Inc.





Karl Guenault

Chief Information Officer & Vice President, Operations at QuintilesIMS, Inc.




Trudy Stein

Chief Human Resources Officer & Executive Vice President at Quintiles IMS Holdings, Inc.







See 368 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 368 More 


 


 Paths to Harvey A. Ashman



            Harvey A. Ashman          




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Harvey A. Ashman






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Harvey A. Ashman.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Educational Background



 


University of Massachusetts - Amherst

                  UMass Amherst, the flagship campus of the University of Massachusetts system, sits on nearly 1,450-acres in the scenic Pioneer Valley of Western Massachusetts, 90 miles from Boston and 175 miles from New York City. The campus provides a rich cultural environment in a rural setting close to major urban centers.                




 


New England School of Law

                  New England Law | Boston dedicates itself (1) to preparing students to be successful lawyers and leaders in the public and private sectors through integrated practical, theoretical, and ethical education of the highest caliber and (2) to contributing to the improvement of American, foreign, and international legal systems through participation in the debate over the fairness and efficacy of those systems, research and publication, public service, and other work that furthers the interests of justice.                





 Career History



Senior Vice President, General Counsel, External Affairs & Corporate Secretary

                                    2009 - Current                


QuintilesIMS, Inc.


                  QuintilesIMS. Inc. provides information and technology services to the healthcare industry. The firm’s customers include pharmaceutical, consumer health and medical device manufacturers and distributors, providers, payers, government agencies, policymakers, researchers and the financial community. The company was founded by Bill Frohlich and David Dubow in 1954 and is headquartered in Danbury, CT.                




Secretary, Senior Vice President-External Affairs & General Counsel

                                    2009 - Prior                


IMS Health Holdings, Inc.


                  IMS Health Holdings, Inc. operates as a global information and technology services company. It provides clients in the healthcare industry including pharmaceutical, biotechnology, consumer health and medical device manufacturers, as well as distributors, providers, payers, government agencies, policymakers, researchers and the financial community, offering a range of solutions. It specializes in collections of healthcare information in the world, spanning sales, prescription and promotional data, medical claims, electronic medical records, and social media. It operates through the following geographical segments: Americas, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, Asia Pacific; and Corporate and Other. The company was founded on October 23, 2009 and is headquartered in Danbury, CT.                




Staff Attorney

                                    1988 - Prior                


IMS International, Inc.







 Political Donations



$250

                  2008                


Garrett J. Bradley


                  Partner at Thornton Law Firm LLP                




$500

                  2004                


John Kerry


                  Former Senator from Massachusetts                





 Transactions



 Details Hidden



                  Quintiles Transnational Holdings, Inc. purchases IMS Health Holdings, Inc.                                     




 Details Hidden



                  IMS Health Holdings, Inc. issued Common Stock                                  




 Details Hidden



                  IMS Health Holdings, Inc. issued Common Stock                                  




 Details Hidden



                  Canada Pension Plan Investment Board, TPG Capital LLC purchase QuintilesIMS, Inc.                                     





 Other Affiliations




              Harvey A. Ashman is affiliated with
                            QuintilesIMS, Inc., IMS Health Holdings, Inc., IMS International, Inc..
            





You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.












Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤


















Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version












 


Harvey Ashman's Phone Number, Email, Address - Spokeo





















































CONTACT US



{{vm.userEmail}}








{{dropdown_item.text}}













{{dropdown_item.text}}






{{dropdown_item.text | uppercase}}




















{{search_results_type}}
Results








Recent



{{history.title}}




Example Searches



John Smith



email@example.com



123 Main St, Pasadena, CA



(626) 555-5555



John Smith, Pasadena, CA






Search filters




First Name



Middle Name



Last Name





Age


{{ages}}
+






State


All States




City





Phone number



Email address





Relative First name



Relative Last name





SEARCH










Show Basic Search




Show Advanced Search



























 












Browse locationsConnecticut(2)Illinois(2)Massachusetts(1)New Jersey(3)New York(1)Pennsylvania(1)







No results found for {{vm.NameSearch.search.display_name}}
with your specific filters:
{{filter}}
Try a more general search, or view similar matches below.






Home








People








Last Name (A)








Harvey Ashman






Harvey AshmanHarvey Ashman found in New Jersey, Connecticut and 4 other states.



Browse locationsConnecticut(2)Illinois(2)Massachusetts(1)New Jersey(3)New York(1)Pennsylvania(1)










Person


Harvey
A
Ashman, age 55

Ashman Ashman
Harvy Ashman


Locations

Scarsdale,
NY


Villanova,
PA


Wayne,
NJ


Boston,
MA


Mountain Lakes,
NJ



Relatives

Linda

Ashman


William

Ashman


Dourcet

Ashman


Andrew

Ashman


Jacob

Ashman



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Harvey
D
Ashman, age 71

Harveyd Ashman
Ashman Ashman


Locations

Chatsworth,
IL



Relatives

Phyllis

Ashman


Tina

Ashman



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Harvey

Ashman, age 88



Locations

Chatsworth,
IL



Relatives

Phyllis

Ashman


Tina

Ashman



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Harvey
A
Ashman, age 62



Locations

Wayne,
NJ



Relatives

Linda

Ashman


William

Ashman


Dourcet

Ashman


Andrew

Ashman


Jacob

Ashman



Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Harvey

Ashman




Locations

Fairfield,
CT



Relatives
--


Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Harvey

Ashman




Locations

Danbury,
CT



Relatives
--


Includes






SEE RESULTS









Person


Harvey

Ashman




Locations

Mount Laurel,
NJ



Relatives
--


Includes






SEE RESULTS








Statistics for all
8
Harvey Ashman results:



65 yrs
Average age
40% are in their 50s, while the average age is 65.


$98k
average income
Our wealth data indicates income average is $98k.


100%
Caucasian
Our ethnicity data indicates the majority is Caucasian.


50%
Married
50% of these people are married, and 50% are single.





Business Records related to Harvey Ashman:




Harvey Ashman


Title:
Senior Vice President/general Counsel  External Affairs


Company:
Ims Health Inc


CoWorkers:
Noelle Withelder, Mariam Datoo, Neville Skelton, Julia Pierce, Martine Betton






Facebook

Twitter

Google Plus

YouTube

LinkedIn



About
Careers
Affiliates
Blog
Privacy
Terms
Contact
FAQs

More



People Search
email lookup
reverse phone lookup
ADDRESS LOOKUP
DIRECTORY



Spokeo is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to make decisions about employment, tenant screening, or any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Copyright © 2006-2017 Spokeo, Inc.





















 



Harvey Brian  Ashman , Obituary, Alternatives - Trail































Obituaries/Condolences  Archives 
 Alternatives Event™ Service Options Products  Caskets Cremation Urns Keepsakes Green Remembrance Diamonds 
 Online Webcasts Cremation Green Options Resources Forms Planning Ahead  Why Pre-plan The Process Prepaying Additional benefits 
 Grief & Healing Estate Settlement News & Events 

News & Events

					Proud supporter of KidSport Greater Trail


					BBC News Magazine Interviews Lawrence Little, Alternatives Funeral & Cremation Services Founder And Owner 













...
TrailObituaries/Condolences2016Ashman  Brian  Harvey 
 

Harvey Brian  Ashman 
August 11th, 2016



                Leave a message

print page




 
Harvey Brian Ashman    
 
Harvey passed away in Trail, BC on August 11, 2016.
 
Harvey was born in Borden, Saskatchewan.  He was the eldest child of Edward and Amanda Ashman.
 
Harvey’s earliest years were on the farm in SK where he loved playing with the animals.  The family moved from SK to ON when Harvey was around 6 years old and they lived in the St. Catherine’s area for about 5 years before moving to BC.  The family lived in the Aldergrove area and were close neighbours with many maternal relatives.  Harvey graduated from Aldergrove High School in 1958 and then went to the BC Institute of Technology. At the age of 21 when he was eligible to apprentice as an electrician he decided to move to Trail and take a position with Columbia Electro-Centre.   Harvey also spent many years working at  Cominco and his last few  at Johnson Matthey before taking early retirement.
 
Harvey was fascinated by anything to do with lights and collected tools. He enjoyed his coffee mornings with friends at the mall.
 
Harvey’s parents, Edward and Amanda Ashman and his brother-in-law Ian Forsyth predeceased him.
 
Harvey is survived by his siblings, Judi Forsyth, Ted (Donna) Ashman and Debee (Bill) Quiring, and his stepsons Scot (Wanda) and Perry Main
 
Harvey is being cremated and his ashes will be interred with his parents at Hazelwood Municipal Cemetery in Abbotsford, BC.   Donations can be made to a charity of your choice.  
 
Special thanks go to his neighbour and friends for their patience and assistance.
 
Al Grywacheski of Alternatives Funeral and Cremation Services has been entrusted with the arrangements. You are invited to leave a personal message of condolence.      
Messages:


Leave a message of condolence:



Name



Email



City



Province



Country



Comment



Please re-enter the code below in the space provided.

 





Submit









Privacy Policy |
Sitemap |
Careers |
Franchise Opportunities
© 1992 - 2017 Alternatives Funeral & Cremation Services®















Please select the Alternatives® location closest to you or you wish to contact:



Abbotsford
Aldergrove
Burnaby
Chilliwack
Coquitlam
Hope
Ladner
Langley
Maple Ridge
Mission
New Westminster
North Delta
North Vancouver
Port Coquitlam
Port Moody
Surrey
Tsawwassen
Vancouver
West Vancouver
White Rock


Brentwood Bay 
Central Saanich
Colwood
Esquimalt
Highlands
Langford
Metchosin 
North Saanich
Oak Bay
Saanich 
Sidney
Sooke
Victoria
View Royal 


Ashcroft
Blue River
Cache Creek
Chase
Clearwater
Douglas Lake
Kamloops
Merritt
Spences Bridge
Valemont


Armstrong
Enderby
Falkland
Kelowna
Lake Country
Mara
Oyama
Salmon Arm
Sicamous
Vernon
Winfield


Castlegar
Christina Lake
Fruitvale
Grand Forks
Rossland
Trail
Warfield


Acme
Airdrie
Blackfalds
Brooks
Calgary
Carbon
Caroline
Carstairs
Claresholm
Cochrane
Cremona
Crossfield
Delburne
Didsbury
Drumheller
Eckville
Granum
Hanna
High River
Innisfail
Lacombe
Munson
Nanton
Okotoks
Olds
Ponoka
Red Deer
Rocky Mountain House
Sundre
Sylvan Lake
Turner Valley/Black Diamond


Regina
Southern Saskatchewan


Serving Seattle and Western Washington


























Harvey Ashman | IMS Health, Inc | Email, SVP General Counsel/External Affairs, @imshealth.com 











































LOGIN

7 DAY FREE TRIAL


























Harvey Ashman

 IMS Health, Inc  SVP General Counsel/External Affairs




export

















83 Wooster Heights Road

Danbury, CT 06810


Email format for @imshealth.com

Direct Phone: Not Available 









Type:

                    Private                
Employees: 
5000 - 9999

Revenue:  
> 1 Billion

Industry:  
                        Services->Technology Consulting/Services->Software Consulting                    
SIC Code:  
                         7374  - Data Processing and Preparation








 BIOGRAPHY

 
                    Harvey Ashman is part of IMS Health, Inc, an organization which has its main offices in Danbury, CT.  Harvey serves as the SVP General Counsel/External Affairs at IMS Health, Inc.  If you're searching for IMS Health, Inc email addresses, you can also find those on their Lead411 profile with the domain @imshealth.com along with Harvey Ashman's linkedin name, twitter tweets, wiki, phone numbers, and biography.IMS Health, Inc's Lead411 profile is categorized under the Software consulting industry.  Some possible email formats for Harvey Ashman are HAshman@imshealth.com, Harvey.Ashman@imshealth.com, Harvey@imshealth.com, and Harvey_Ashman@imshealth.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@imshealth.com addresses.            


Similar People:
Harvey Aaron - Executive
A SENIOR MANAGER at Blum Shapiro based in Newton, MA, Harvey Aaron has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Blum Shapiro in our Accounting category. The company CEO is Joseph Kask. There are email addresses on their profile and may include Harvey Aaron' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Harvey Aaron.  Some possible email formats for Harvey Aaron are HAaron@blumshapiro.com, Harvey.Aaron@blumshapiro.com, Harvey@blumshapiro.com, and Harvey_Aaron@blumshapiro.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@blumshapiro.com addresses.
Harvey Aasman - Executive

Harvey Abbott - Other
If you need @verizon.com email addresses for Verizon Inc, you can find them on Lead411 as Harvey Abbott's email might be available. Harvey Abbott, the company's Retired, also has extensive contact information, including Verizon Inc's facebook account, phone numbers, linkedin url, wiki, and biography. Washington, DC-based Verizon Inc can be found on Lead411 under the Internet consulting industry.  Some possible email formats for Harvey Abbott are HAbbott@verizon.com, Harvey.Abbott@verizon.com, Harvey@verizon.com, and Harvey_Abbott@verizon.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@verizon.com addresses.



Similar Employees:
Ari Bousbib - Executive
Located in Danbury, CT IMS Health, Inc has Ari Bousbib serving as the organization's CEO/Chairman . Need Ari Bousbib's email, linkedin, phone numbers, facebook, wiki and biography? You can find essential contact information in IMS Health, Inc Lead411 profile, along with their IMS Health, Inc email addresses using the domain. Search for IMS Health, Inc on Lead411 under the Software consulting industry.  Some possible email formats for Ari Bousbib are ABousbib@imshealth.com, Ari.Bousbib@imshealth.com, Ari@imshealth.com, and Ari_Bousbib@imshealth.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@imshealth.com addresses.
Kevin Knightly - Executive
A SVP Supply Management at IMS Health, Inc based in Danbury, CT, Kevin Knightly has a comprehensive profile on Lead411. You can find the entry on Ims Health, Inc in our Software consulting category. The company CEO is Ari Bousbib. There are email addresses on their profile and may include Kevin Knightly' email format too. You can also find other contact information like facebook, phone numbers, biography, wiki, and linkedin for Kevin Knightly.  Some possible email formats for Kevin Knightly are KKnightly@imshealth.com, Kevin.Knightly@imshealth.com, Kevin@imshealth.com, and Kevin_Knightly@imshealth.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@imshealth.com addresses.
Murray Aitken - Operations
Have you been looking for contact information, like phone numbers and emails, on Murray Aitken?  Lead411 provides data on him which include twitter, linkedin url, wiki, and biography.  There is also IMS Health, Inc email addresses within the @imshealth.com profile so Murray Aitken's email could be included.  Murray Aitken is part of the IMS Health, Inc which has its main offices in Danbury, CT.  Currently holds the post of SVP/Executive Dir IMS Institute/Healthcare Informatics.  You can find the company data on Lead411 under the Software consulting industry.  Some possible email formats for Murray Aitken are MAitken@imshealth.com, Murray.Aitken@imshealth.com, Murray@imshealth.com, and Murray_Aitken@imshealth.com. If you sign up for our free trial you will see our email@imshealth.com addresses.

People Directory > Harvey Ashman

















    ZoomInfo Page Not Found

Sandra Ashman and Ian Harvey's Wedding Website







MenuSandra and Ian   September 9, 2017    • Cleveland, OH46 days to go!Our StoryHow We MetSandra was at a party because of a long time friend, Ian was at the same party because of one of his college roommates.We met, we chatted, we drank, we roasted marshmallows on the fire. A few days later an email would be the start of our forever.The WeddingSaturday, September 9, 20176:00 PMAttire: Semi-FormalRSVPCeremony and ReceptionCleveland Metroparks Zoo3900 Wildlife Way, Cleveland, OH 44109, USAThe wedding and ceremony will be held after hours of the zoo at the RainForest. The wedding will start promptly at 6pm with the reception being from 6:30pm - 11:45pm.Please No Guests under the age of 15. Wedding PartyRebecca Crytzer - Matron of HonorBecky has been one of Sandra's closest friends for her entire life, growing up across the street in Saegertown, PaKatelyn Marquette - BridesmaidKatelyn and Sandra met in 4-H showing horses over 15 years ago in Meadville, PA. Abby Essigmann - BridesmaidAbby is Sandra's cousin on her moms side. Tara Elbrecht - BridesmaidTara and Sandra met in 4-H showing livestock, her cattle and Sandra pigs. Jessica Pickford - BridesmaidJessica and Sandra met at the University of Findlay where they lived in the same house and both majored in Western Equestrian Studies before Sandra went to Chiropractic school. Leah Fasick - BridesmaidLeah is Ian's younger sister.Zach Currier - Best ManZach and Ian met in kindergarten and grew up together in Norwich, VT. Deriek Shaffer - GroomsmanDeriek and Ian were college roommates at Penn State.Michael DeLucia - GroomsmanMichael and Ian met in elementary school and grew up together in Norwich, VT.Evan Welch - GroomsmanIan and Evan met in elementary school and grew up together in Norwich, VT.Alex Terensky - GroomsmanAlex and Ian attended college together at Penn State.Dave Remillard - GroomsmanDave and Ian met in pre-school, and grew up together. Ian was in Norwich, VT and Dave was across the river in Hanover, NH.Thanks, we've received your .Schedule Your Reminder.Sign up below and we'll remind you a month before the wedding to check back for all the details you need to know.Please enter a valid email address.Remind MeWebsite created on The Knot. Designed by Wedding Paper Divas.