

Asia Training Institute Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback















asia training institute inc
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Consumer Discretionary
Industry: Retail - Discretionary
Sub-Industry: E-Commerce Discretionary
Asia Training Institute, Inc. provides e-commerce services. The Company markets and distributes next generation wearable health and wellness devices.




Corporate Information
Address:

8152 Villaverde Drive
Whittier, CA 90605
United States


Phone:
1-562-273-5357


Fax:
-





Board Members




Chairman/Pres/CFO/Secretary
Company


Chien-Heng Chiang
Asia Training Institute Inc


























From The Web











Key Executives


Chien-Heng Chiang "George"


Chairman/Pres/CFO/Secretary







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data




































  WWRB Stock Quote - Asia Training Institute Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Asia Training Institute Inc   WWRB:US      Ticker Change   WWRB:US has changed to a new ticker symbol   USD             Volume   0                  


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Volume   0    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   -    Earnings per Share (USD) (TTM)   -    Market Cap (USD)   -    Shares Outstanding   -    Price/Sales (TTM)   -    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -                Related Videos  There are currently no related videos for this ticker. Please check back later.    Company News Press Releases   There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Asia Training Institute, Inc. provides e-commerce services. The Company markets and distributes next generation wearable health and wellness devices.    Address  8152 Villaverde DriveWhittier, CA 90605United States   Phone  1-562-273-5357   Website   -     Executives Board Members    Chien-Heng Chiang "George"  Chairman/Pres/CFO/Secretary     Show More         










ASIA TRAINING INSTITUTE, INC. (WWRB) IPO - NASDAQ.com


































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search






















Home > 
    Markets > 
    IPOs  > 
    Company IPO Overview





ASIA TRAINING INSTITUTE, INC. (WWRB) IPO




Overview




News Headlines




Financials & Filings




Experts















Key Data
Use of Proceeds
Competitors




Company Overview


Company Name
ASIA TRAINING INSTITUTE, INC.


Company Address
8152 VILLAVERDE DRIVEWHITTIER, CA 90605


Company Phone
714-791-1305


Company Website
 -- 


CEO
Thomas Chen


Employees  (as of 5/11/2015) 
1


State of Inc
NV


Fiscal Year End
3/31


Status
Priced (6/10/2015)


Proposed Symbol
WWRB


Exchange
OTCBB


Share Price
$0.10


Shares Offered
2,500,000


Offer Amount
$250,000.00


Total Expenses
$55,000.00


Shares Over Alloted
0


Shareholder Shares Offered
 -- 


Shares Outstanding
 -- 


Lockup Period (days)
180


Lockup Expiration
12/7/2015


Quiet Period Expiration
7/20/2015


CIK
0001617431




WeWearables will apply the proceeds from the offering to pay for accounting 
fees, legal and professional fees associated with the offering. The total 
estimated costs of the offering ($55,000) do not exceed the maximum amount of 
offering proceeds ($250,000). The estimated costs of the offering, which 
principally relate to professional costs, are estimated to consist of: 

SEC Registration fee                                              $          32.20  
NASD filing fee                                                             100.00  
Accounting fees and expenses                                              5,000.00  
Legal fees and expenses (relating to the preparation of                            
our registration statement from inception to effective                             
date and related documents)                                              40,000.00  
Transfer agent fees                                                       2,500.00  
Blue Sky fees and expenses                                                5,000.00  
Miscellaneous expenses                                                    2,367.80  
                                                                                    
Total                                                             $      55,000.00  

WeWearables will pay all costs related to this offering. If the amount of 
offering costs exceed the amount raised, this amount in excess of the offering
proceeds will be paid when necessary or otherwise accrued on the books and 
records of WeWearables until we are able to pay the full amounts due either from
revenues or loans from our president and chief executive officer, related or
unrelated parties that we may approach. A significant portion of the estimated
costs of the offering ($55,000) are legal fees and expenses ($40,000). Absent
sufficient revenues to pay these amounts, we will seek financial assistance
either from our president and chief executive officer, or shareholders or 
possibly third party business associates of our president and chief executive
officer who may agree to loan us the funds necessary to cover the balance of
outstanding professional and related fees related to our prospectus to the
extent that such liabilities cannot be extended or satisfied in other ways and
the professional service providers insist upon payment. Absent the above, Mr.
Chen will attempt to seek sufficient funding personally for the amounts due and,
if successful in obtaining these funds, to lend it to the Company on an
interest-free basis. No formal written arrangement exists, with respect to Mr.
Chen or anyone’s commitment outside of the Company, to loan funds for this
purpose.

Our offering is being made on a best efforts basis: no minimum number of shares
must be sold in order for the offering to proceed. The offering price per share
is $0.10. The following table sets forth the uses of proceeds assuming the sale
100%, 75%, 50% and 10% respectively, of the securities offered for sale by the
Company. There is no assurance that we will raise the full $250,000 as 
anticipated. The following scenarios are for illustrative purposes only and the
actual amounts of proceeds, if any, may differ. 

                                           $ 250,000     $ 187,500     $ 125,000     $ 25,000  
Offering Costs                             $  55,000     $  55,000     $  55,000     $ 25,000  
Net Proceeds                               $ 195,000     $ 132,500     $  70,000     $      0  
Website development                        $  45,000     $  45,000     $  45,000     $      0  
Kiosk development                          $  30,000     $  30,000     $       0     $      0  
Vending machine development                $  30,000     $       0     $       0     $      0  
Advertising & search engine optimization   $  40,000     $  40,000     $  20,000     $      0  
Rent                                       $  12,000     $       0     $       0     $      0  
Inventory                                  $  38,000     $  17,500     $   5,000     $      0  
Total                                      $ 195,000     $ 132,500     $  70,000     $      0  

Our plans will not change regardless of whether the maximum proceeds are raised.


The wearables market faces significant competition. The notable large
competitors are online resellers such as Amazon and brick and mortar stores such
as BestBuy, Walmart and sporting goods stores. Additionally, we face competition
from direct sales by the device makers Apple, Google, Samsung, Sony, Epson, LG,
Intel, Nike, Adidas, Qualcomm, Fitbit, WiThings, and Jawbone. Currently, there
is no dominant industry leader. We plan to provide specialized best in market
products through our distribution channels. The Company expects to face further
competition from new market entrants and possible alliances among competitors in
the future as the convergence of information processing and telecommunications
continues. Many of the Company's current and potential competitors have
significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than
the Company. As a result, they may be better able to respond or adapt to new or
emerging technologies and changes in client requirements or to devote greater
resources to the development, marketing and sales of their services than the
Company. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to compete
successfully. In addition, the Company will be faced with numerous competitors,
both strategic and financial, in attempting to obtain competitive products. Many
actual and potential competitors we believe are part of much larger companies
with substantially greater financial, marketing and other resources than the
Company, and there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to compete
effectively against any of its future competitors.


Company Description
WeWearables plans to market and distribute the next generation of wearable
health and wellness devices. The “wearables” mainly consists of tracking devices
that are worn on your wrist, waist, ankle or shoe that tie to your smart phone
to track and report on your fitness and activity levels.


 WeWearables is
targeting the next generation of devices that focus on smart, wearable products
to help with specific diseases or solve direct healthcare issues. The human body
is an untapped information source and consumers are looking for better ways to
track and manage their health or improve their fitness or wellness. WeWearables
is focused on the distribution of wearable products that target this industry.

WeWearables is focused on the following three business models:

WeWearables.com eCommerce Market place – an online marketplace to shop, compare,
review, rate and purchase the latest wearable technology. The marketplace will
be modeled after zappos.com or casa.com, similar to how other e-commerce
websites focus on specific products and target markets. Amazon currently owns
and/or operates over 20+ specialty e-commerce websites such as Diapers.com (for
kids), Fabric.com (for sewing), Wag.com (for pets) and many others.

WeWearables Vending Machines – Vending machines can be placed in fitness
centers, medical groups, doctors’ offices and other locations where people with
specific diseases or chronic conditions are visiting. The vending machines will
be stocked with devices specific to the market they are placed in. For example,
a cardiology practice would have a vending machine with a wearable blood
pressure cuff and heart monitoring equipment and fitness tracker (pedometer). An
OB/GYN practice would have a vending machine with fitness, weight loss, baby
monitors and other related wearable devices. A custom designed vending machine
will be created with a large flat screen monitor to display ads and promote
wearables products at each vending machine location. The WeWearables Marketplace
software will allow wearable vendors to place their products at these vending
locations and to run advertising on the vending machine.

WeWearables Retail Kiosks – Small retail kiosks inside malls will help promote
the brand and online marketplace and also have direct retail sales. Kiosks will
be designed to have interactive equipment that connects with people’s mobile
phones and tablet devices. Kiosks can be owned directly by us or franchised by
territory.

All three business models will be supported by advertising revenue. Wearables 
technology requires user education before the consumer can purchase the device. 
There are large advertising budgets around wearable technology from companies 
such as Nike, Adidas, Fitbit, Withings, and many others. 
---

WeWearables, Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on 
May 14, 2014. Our office and mailing address is 7 Whitford, Irvine, CA 92602.
Our telephone number: (714) 791-1305.


Full Description

The IPO profiles may contain historical records. Please visit the latest IPOs for the most recent information.




Company Financials



Revenue
 -- 


Net Income
-$143,784


Total Assets
$131,448






Total Liabilities
$219,032


Stockholders' Equity
-$87,584


View all Company Financials for WWRB


Company Filings

                                    Viewing: 1 - 10 Total: 10
					            



Company Name
Form Type
Date Received
View



ASIA TRAINING INSTITUTE, INC.
424B3
1/19/2016
Filing



ASIA TRAINING INSTITUTE, INC.
424B3
11/3/2015
Filing



ASIA TRAINING INSTITUTE, INC.
424B3
8/6/2015
Filing



ASIA TRAINING INSTITUTE, INC.
424B3
5/22/2015
Filing



ASIA TRAINING INSTITUTE, INC.
424B3
1/9/2015
Filing



ASIA TRAINING INSTITUTE, INC.
424B3
12/23/2014
Filing



ASIA TRAINING INSTITUTE, INC.
S-1/A
12/10/2014
Filing



ASIA TRAINING INSTITUTE, INC.
S-1/A
11/20/2014
Filing



ASIA TRAINING INSTITUTE, INC.
S-1/A
10/29/2014
Filing



ASIA TRAINING INSTITUTE, INC.
S-1
9/8/2014
Filing



View all SEC Filings for WWRB




Experts


Auditor
TAAD, LLP, P.C.


Company Counsel
Ronald J. Logan, Logan Law Firm PLC


Transfer Agent
Issuer Direct Corporation


Underwriter
 -- 


Underwriter
Self-underwritten









News for WWRB










 Subscribe


                More WWRB News & Commentary



                Read WWRB Press Releases

















Today's Market Activity





NASDAQ

6412.17


1.36
 ▲ 
0.02%





DJIA

21613.43


100.26
 ▲ 
0.47%





S&P 500

2477.13


7.22
 ▲ 
0.29%










Data as of Jul 25, 2017


Try for Free: NASDAQ LiveQuotes Platform



View All















Latest News Headlines




                            Speedway Motorsports Reports Results for the Three and Six Months Ended June 30, 2017 and Reaffirms
                        



	                     6:30AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            MarketAxess Reports Second Quarter 2017 Revenues of $97.3 Million, Pre-Tax Income of $49.6 Million 
                        



	                     6:30AM ET  - GlobeNewswire
	                




                            Oil prices rise as falling U.S. inventories stoke rebalancing hopes
                        



	                     6:17AM ET  - Reuters
	                




                            Alaska Air profit rises 13.8 percent
                        



	                     6:16AM ET  - Reuters
	                





View All Latest Headlines

















Upcoming Earnings



Company
Expected Report Date




AAPL
Jul 25, 2017


ODFL
Jul 27, 2017


FB
Jul 26, 2017


TSLA
Aug 2, 2017


T
Jul 20, 2017


AMZN
Jul 27, 2017


VZ
Jul 27, 2017


GE
Jul 21, 2017





Earnings Calendar


























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX
















































Asia Training Institute Inc (ATGI) Stock Chart - NASDAQ.com











































































Hot Topics:
ETFs |
Smart Portfolio |
Currencies |
Online Broker Center















Search
























Home > 
    Quotes > 
    ATGI > 
    Stock Charts












Asia Training Institute Inc Stock Chart 


ATGI 
0.350100
*  
unch

unch
Get ATGI Alerts



				        *Delayed - data as of Jul. 25, 2017  - 
				        
				            Find a broker to begin trading ATGI now
				        




 
 
Community Rating:  
View: 
 
				    ATGI Pre-Market



















ATGI





 










 







Edit Symbol List




Symbol Lookup























Real Time
NLS Trade Reporting
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
Summary Quote
Charts
Interactive Charts
Pre-Market Charts
After Hours Charts
Revenue / EPS Summary
Company Financials
- View Competitors
- Short Interest
Company News
Press Releases
Company News
Press Releases
Sentiment
Analyst Stock Research
Stock Report
SEC Filings
- Holdings/Insider Summary
- Institutional Holdings
- Insider Form 4

Equity Options
Pre-Market Quotes
After Hours Quotes
Company Research
- StockConsultant
Stock Comparison
- Guru Analysis
Annual Report
Historical Quotes
Call Transcripts
Dividend History
Lynch Analysis
Graham Analysis
Validea Momentum Analysis
Fool Analysis
Dreman Analysis
Zweig Analysis
Fisher Analysis
OShaughnessy Analysis
ETF detail
ETF Profile
Comparison Charts



Symbol List Views
FlashQuotes
InfoQuotes
 
                    Stock Details
           
        
Summary Quote
Real-Time Quote
After Hours Quote
Pre-market Quote
Historical Quote
Option Chain
CHARTS
Basic Chart
Interactive Chart

		        
    
                COMPANY NEWS
Company Headlines
Press Releases
Market Stream
STOCK ANALYSIS
Analyst Research
Guru Analysis
Stock Report
Competitors
Stock Consultant
Stock Comparison
FUNDAMENTALS
Call Transcripts
Annual Report
Income Statement
Revenue/EPS
SEC Filings
Short Interest
Dividend History
HOLDINGS
Ownership Summary
Institutional Holdings
Insiders(SEC Form 4)






CLOSEX


Edit Symbol List



Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.








Go Now

Clear List






            Don't know the stock symbol?  Use the 
            Symbol Lookup tool.
	        
Alphabetize the sort order of my symbols
		






CLOSEX


 
Symbol Lookup











CLOSEX
Investing just got easier…
Sign up now to become a NASDAQ.com member and begin receiving instant notifications when key events occur that affect the stocks you follow.

Access Now











 Save Stocks





















Time Frame:


Intraday
5 Day
1 Month
3 Months
6 Months
1 Year
18 Months
2 Years
3 Years
4 Years
5 Years
6 Years
7 Years
8 Years
9 Years
10 Years


 Chart Display:

Chart Type:
OHLC
Bar
Line
Candlestick
Mountain

Indicators:
 Splits
 Earnings *

Moving Average:
None
20 Day
50 Day
200 Day


Lower Studies:

Volume
MACD
RSI

 Compare To (10 Max.)
Index: 

None
		NASDAQ-100
		NASDAQ Comp.
		S&P 500
		DJIA
	

Symbols:













* The Earnings Date displayed shows the Period End Date (PED). Visit our earnings date page for the reported date.



Additional Info

Earnings Date
Forecast


Earnings Growth
Recommendations
Stock Ratings


NASDAQ-100
NASDAQ Financial-100
DJIA




            See also: ATGI stock quote, 
            Stock Charts data entry page.
        






 


 





            NASDAQ Stocks: Information delayed 15 minutes. Non-NASDAQ Stocks and All Options: Information delayed 20 minutes. Bid and Ask quotation information for NYSE and AMEX securities is only available on a real time basis.
        






























CLOSEX

Edit Favorites

Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages.






Update

Clear List







CLOSEX
Customize your NASDAQ.com experience
Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice:





 Black
							





 Slate Gray
							






 Light Gray
							





 Gray Blue
							






Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search:



						 Real-Time

						 After Hours

						 Pre-Market
 News
					


						 Flash Quote

						 Summary Quote

						 Interactive Charts

						 Default Setting




					Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com.
					If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.
					
					If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com.
				





CLOSEX
Please confirm your selection:

					You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page;
					unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your
					cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings?


YES
NO













CLOSEX


Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.





CLOSEX







































Asia Training Institute US, Inc. (1672255) 10-K and 10-Q SEC Filings :: Last10K.com






















		 
	




Asia Training Institute US, Inc. (1672255) SEC Filing 10-K Annual report for the fiscal year ending Saturday, December 31, 2016














last10k.com/sec-filings/1672255/0001690824-17-000040.htm



10-K Annual Summary
10-K Annual Report
10-K Exhibits
10-K Statistics




Document and Entity Information - USD ($)12 Months EndedDec. 31, 2016Mar. 31, 2017Document And Entity Information  Entity Registrant NameAsia Training Institute US, Inc. Entity Central Index Key0001672255 Amendment Flagfalse Current Fiscal Year End Date--12-31 Is Entity's Reporting Status Current?Yes Is Entity a Well-Known Seasoned Issuer?No Is Entity a Voluntary Filer?No Document Type10-K Document Period End DateDec. 31,  2016 Document Fiscal Year Focus2016 Document Fiscal Period FocusFY Entity Filer CategorySmaller Reporting Company Entity Public Float $ 0Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 105,000,000






Click to view a specific section in this 10-K Report
View entire 10-K Report
Balance Sheets
Balance Sheets (parenthetical)
Statements Of Operations
Shareholders' Equity
Statements Of Cash Flows
Note 1 - Organization And Description Of Business
Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies
Note 3 - Going Concern
Note 4 - Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
Note 5 - Commitments And Contingencies
Note 6 - Income Taxes
Note 7 - Shareholders' Equity
Note 8 - Related Party Transactions
Note 9 - Accrued Expenses
Note 10 - Prepaid Expense
Note 11 - Subsequent Events
Going Concern (details)
Significant Accounting Policies (policies)


 Please wait while we load the requested 10-K Annual report. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                         https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1672255/000169082417000040/atus10k.htm




Companies may provide additional information to their SEC Filings as exhibits. Click a link below to view an exhibit that was filed with this report:


                    Exhibit 31 - RULE 13A-14A/15D-14A CERTIFICATION
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1672255/000169082417000040/exhibit31.htm



                    Exhibit 32 - SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1672255/000169082417000040/exhibit32.htm






Form Type: Annual
Number of times amended: 0
Accession Number: 0001690824-17-000040
Submitted to the SEC: Friday, March 31, 2017
Accepted by the SEC: Friday, March 31, 2017
Period Ending: December 2016












Financial Ratios
Intrinsic Value
Financial Stability

















Companies

 Add



1672255





10-K
10-Q




10-K Annual ReportMarch 2017










10-Q Quarterly ReportMay 2017

10-Q Quarterly ReportOctober 2016

10-Q Quarterly ReportAugust 2016
 


Asia Training Institute US, Inc.






























﻿

Asia-Pacific Caregiver and Healthcare Training Center | Official
























 




































1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9














Welcome to APC&HTC! 
Asia - Pacific Caregiver and Healthcare Training Center



Asia - Pacific Caregiver and Healthcare Training Center is one of the most reliable and innovative healthcare training institutions in the country today. It offers world-class healthcare training, designed to make our graduates globally competitive. APC&HTC was established in December 2002, duly registered by the Securities Exchange Commission (SEC), and accredited by Technical Education Skills and Development Authority (TESDA).
                   Read More

























Caregiving NC II



This course is designed to enhance the knowledge, skills and attitudes of Caregivers in accordance with industry standards. It covers basic, common and core competencies in NC II.
Read more





Health Care Services NC II



This course is designed to enhance the knowledge, skills and attitudes of Health Care Services in accordance with industry standards. It covers basic, common and core competencies in NC II.
Read more





Massage Therapy NC II



This course is designed to develop the knowledge, skills and attitudes of Massage Therapists in accordance with industry standards. It covers basic, common and core competencies in NC II.
Read more











Home | About Us | Programs Offered | Hire our Graduates | FAQs | Testimonials | Contact Us
Copyright © 2014 Asia-Pacific Caregiver & Healthcare Training Center  | RKBD





Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation


















MORE ON APEC

Home
About
News
Events
Export Certificate
Partners
Training
Network




  








APEC FSCF PTIN


Food Safety Cooperation Forum Partnership Training Institute Network
Concerns about food safety in the Asia Pacific region have risen sharply, and spurred a high level, collective mandate from APEC Leaders to improve food safety standards and practices. In 2007, after the establishment of the APEC Food Safety Cooperation Forum (FSCF), APEC Leaders agreed on the need to develop a more robust approach to strengthening food safety standards and practices in the region, using scientific risk based approaches and without creating unnecessary impediments to trade. To this end, they called for increased capacity building to improve technical competence and understanding of food safety management among stakeholders in the supply chain, which include regulators, growers, packers, handlers, storage providers, processors, manufacturers, retailers and food service providers. 
The Food Safety Cooperation Forum's Partnership Training Institute Network (FSCF PTIN) was created specifically to address the need to engage the food industry and academic food safety experts with the regulators, to strengthen capacity building in food safety. 


FSCF PTIN Ongoing Work on Hand Hygiene
Hand hygiene improves food safety along the entire production and distribution chain. However, hand hygiene practices are inconsistent since there is no internationally recognized hand hygiene protocol. The FSCFPTIN is working to identify these gaps in protocol and to improve hand hygiene compliance.
Kimberly-Clark Professional (KCP), a global hygiene leader, conducted an FSCF PTIN project to test hand hygiene compliance in a food processing facility in an APEC economy.  The study was developed to help guide food preparation facilities and workers on the most effective hand hygiene protocol with minimal cost and highly informed training. This project examined the use of behavioral science to drive change in hand hygiene habits and showed the necessity of cultivating work culture that emphasizes the importance of good hand hygiene habits.
As part of global efforts to see that food safety measures are developed in a science-based manner, APEC economies should take into account lessons from behavioral science as essential to driving an improvement in hand hygiene compliance. People can wash and dry their hands, but they must understand why they are washing and drying their hands.
Read the complete KCP report: Gap analysis of international food hygiene law, regulations, and standards as they relate to hand hygiene protocols


APEC delegates debate export certificates, role in facilitating trade
Read the article on VietnamPlus.


Streamlining/Reducing Export Certificate Requirements for Food Products in the APEC Region
In preparation for the APEC FSCF PTIN Export Certificate Workshop to be held in Hanoi, Viet Nam May 9-10, organizers have prepared a brochure on Streamlining/Reducing Export Certificate Requirements for Food Products in the APEC Region.  The brochure highlights why it is important to address this issue and why APEC is an ideal forum for doing it.  The current landscape of APEC certificate requirements is discussed based on a survey of APEC economy member requirements and the challenges associated with changes to regulatory systems and the burden on producers of meeting increasing certificate requirements is noted.  The brochure outlines good practices for designing and implementing science-based certificate requirements and notes the importance of not requiring certificates for no or low risk products.  An additional section gives links to additional resources developed by the APEC FSCF PTIN, APEC Wine Regulatory Forum, and other international standards and guidance.


Independent Review of APEC FSCF PTIN Food Safety Capacity Building Report
In preparation for its fifth in-person meeting in the Philippines in August 2015, the PTIN Steering Group commissioned an evaluation to examine the success of the PTIN's capacity building efforts to date, and solicit recommendations on possible metrics to more rigorously monitor and evaluate future work. The evaluation was conducted by US- APEC Technical Assistance to Advance Regional Integration (US-ATAARI). The evaluation’s conclusions recognized PTIN's ability to provide unique benefits to its members through the bringing together of a large range of economies and stakeholders. The report also identifies that PTIN’s trainings are being applied by the large majority of participants, resulting in improved practices and concrete policy changes by APEC economies. PTIN's relevancy, effectiveness, and value in terms of training, curricula development and networking are distinguished within this report. The areas where PTIN programs have had the greatest impact include the introduction of science-based methods, improved cooperation in food safety incident management, harmonization of food safety regulations and the development of replicable training materials.
Final Report
Download PDF
Presentation
Download PDF


The role and value of industry associations in policy and regulation
The 2015 Cebu FSCF PTIN Roundtable on Effective Industry/Regulator Cooperation emphasized the critical role that industry plays in developing food safety regulation.  At that Roundtable, participants agreed to the value of having a document providing guidance on how associations can engage in policy development.  Subsequently, the Grocery Manufacturers Association and Australian Food and Grocery Council developed the document: "Industry Associations: Their Role and Value in Policy & Regulation" as an information resource.
Industry Associations: Their Role and Value in Policy & Regulation
      Grocery Manufacturers Association
      Australian Food and Grocery Council
Download PDF





HIGHLIGHTED EVENTS



Improving Food Safety in APEC
Building the capacity to detect, control and prevent foodborne pathogens has been at the core of APEC’s initiatives to improve food safety in the region. 
Article Date: December 15, 2014
Article Link: Asia Food Journal


APEC FSCF PTIN Proficiency Testing of Veterinary Drug Residues in Food
Date: September 10-11, 2014Location: Beijing, China
China led work on Proficiency Testing of Veterinary Drug Residues in Food. The focus was on an inter-laboratory proficiency testing (PT) program to determine veterinary drug multi-residues in animal origin products The goal was to further develop laboratory capabilities within APEC economies and improve the acceptability of test results with the result of providing solid evidence to facilitate animal origin products trade among these economies. Work was conducted in four stages over a nine month period that consisted of in-laboratory activities combined with two face-to-face events.
The following presentations were delivered at the culminating workshop that was held September 10-11, 2014, in Beijing, China.

Agenda
The Proficiency Testing of Determination of Veterinary Drug Multi-Residues in Chicken
Analysis of Veterinary Drug Residues in China
Monitoring of Residual Content of Antibiotics in Food
FSIS Multi-Residue Methods for Veterinary Drugs
Experience Share on Veterinary Drug Multi-Residue Analysis
Agilent LCNS Products and the Application Strategies in Veterinary Drug Analysis
Role of Proficiency Testing in Building Laboratory Capacity



Improving Food Safety in the Asia-Pacific Through the APEC Mulityear Food Safety Project
A small group of laboratory scientists from APEC economies carefully prepare 1.5 mL centrifuge tubes with a mix to detect Salmonella in food samples. As part of an ongoing Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) food safety project, these scientists received training on innovative rapid detection methods for Salmonella and other pathogens in food. Building the capacity to detect, control and prevent foodborne pathogens, like Salmonella, has been at the core of APEC's initiatives to improve food safety in the region.
For the full article, please see the APEC news bulletin: 
www.apec.org/Press/Features/2014/0918_foodsafety.aspx


APEC Economies Strengthen Food Safety Cooperation in APEC High- Level Regulator Industry Dialogue on September 12, 2014
On September 12, 2014, in Beijing, China, high level regulators and industry representatives met to discuss emerging issues in food safety and opportunities for regulator/industry dialogue and cooperation.  The outcomes of this discussion are outlined in the Beijing Statement and will provide further opportunities for APEC work on food safety capacity building.
CCTV News aired a report on the APEC High-Level Regulators Industry Dialogue on Food Safety which occurred on September 12, 2014: english.cntv.cn/2014/09/12/VIDE1410507840364135.shtml



FSCF PTIN Aquaculture Modules Now Available
FSCF PTIN Aquaculture training modules are now available in English and Bhahasa.  The aquaculture modules were piloted in Indonesia in June 2013 under the Global Food Safety Partnership in partnership with the Network of Aquaculture Centres in Asia Pacific (NACA).  Training was implemented by a team of five experts and consisted of theory and practical sessions as well as plant visits.  A total of 40 trainees participated and successfully completed the training program.  About 20 came from seafood processing plants in Indonesia representing middle to senior level technical people with responsibility for food safety and HACCP implementation.  Five came from aquaculture production sectors while another five came from government and academic sectors.
The freely available training course modules, developed by Michigan State University, originally for the APEC FSCF PTIN include: 
Food Safety Practices for Aquaculture
Module 1: Introduction - Food Safety Issues in Aquaculture
Download: English Version | Bahasa Version
Module 2: Food Safety Hazards
Download: English Version | Bahasa Version
Module 3: Food Safety Practices for Aquaculture Production
Download: English Version | Bahasa Version
Module 4: Ensuring Food Safety during Post Harvest Handling and Processing
Download: English Version | Bahasa Version
Module 5: Food Safety Management Systems
Download: English Version | Bahasa Version






UPCOMING EVENTS
FSCF PTIN Export Certificate WorkshopMay 9-10, 2017Hanoi, Viet NamFSCF PTIN Meeting on Dairy Export CertificatesMay 10, 2017Hanoi, Viet NamModernization of Food Safety Systems WorkshopMay 11, 2017Hanoi, Viet NamWine Regulatory ForumMay 11-12, 2017Hanoi, Viet NamFSCF PTIN Steering Group MeetingMay 12, 2017Hanoi, Viet NamFSCF Meeting on Import MRLs for PesticidesMay 12, 2017Hanoi, Viet NamFood Safety Cooperation ForumMay 13, 2017Hanoi, Viet Nam


RECENT EVENTS
Preparing Trainers to Deliver Sustainable Education to Control Food Safety and Related Disease Management Problems Threatening Aquaculture Development: A Joint Food Safety Cooperation Forum Partnership Training Institute Network (FSCF PTIN) and Global Food Safety Partnership (GFSP) ProgramSeptember 21-24, 2015Hanoi, Viet NamFood Safety Cooperation ForumAugust 26, 2015Cebu, the PhilippinesFSCF PTIN Steering Group meetingAugust 25, 2015Cebu, the PhilippinesFSCF PTIN Industry Association Capacity Building WorkshopAugust 24-25, 2015Cebu, the PhilippinesFSCF Pesticide Maximum Residue Limit WorkshopAugust 23-24, 2015Cebu, the PhilippinesAPEC FSCF Maximum Residue Limit Expert MeetingApril 21-22, 2015Sydney, Australia


RECENT NEWS
June 2016 Newsletter
April 2015 Newsletter
February 2013 Newsletter
October 2012 Newsletter
February 2012 Newsletter







JIFSAN

Terms of Use | Copyright Statement | APEC Logo Use | Contact Us

© 2010 Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation. All Rights Reserved.









Launch a Scholarship Program














































Launch a Scholarship Program


For nearly a century, IIE has specialized in the international exchange of people and ideas. Global scholarships are of paramount importance and we manage many of the world's most prestigious ones. Through a wide variety of educational programs sponsored by the U.S. government, corporations, foundations and foreign governments, we annually work with thousands of U.S. and international educational institutions and more than 27,000 students, scholars and professionals around the globe.









The Fulbright Program
IIE is honored to manage programs like the Fulbright U.S. Student, Foreign Student, U.S. Scholar and Visiting Scholar component of the Fulbright Program - the flagship exchange program of the U.S. Department of State. 

Learn more about Fulbright
















Inspire Intellectual & Professional Growth
We prepare students and professionals to thrive in our global society.  From our experience managing the world’s most prestigious fellowship and exchange programs, we know how to inspire intellectual and professional growth, and bring academics from different disciplines together so that knowledge and human expression thrive across borders.


FEATURED PROGRAMS



                                                        ​Fulbright U.S. Student Program
                                                    



                                                        ​Benjamin A. Gilman International Scholarship Program
                                                    



                                                        Schwarzman Scholars Program
                                                    




REGIONS


The Americas


East Asia and the Pacific


Europe


Middle East and North Africa


South and Central Asia


Sub-Saharan Africa











 Increase Participation in STEM Education
In today’s interconnected world, taking Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) global is more important than ever. From the ExxonMobil Scholars Program to the Cargill Global Scholars Program, IIE leverages our near century of experience in the international exchange of people and ideas to meet 21st century demands for STEM students and professionals.


FEATURED PROGRAMS



                                                        ​Global Experience and Training (GET)
                                                    



                                                        ExxonMobil Middle East and North Africa Scholars Program
                                                    



                                                        Cargill Global Scholars
                                                    




REGIONS


Middle East and North Africa


The Americas


Europe


East Asia and the Pacific


South and Central Asia


Sub-Saharan Africa











Advance Girls' and Women's Education & Professional Growth
We know the power of education and we are fiercely committed to empowering girls and women around the globe with educational and professional opportunities.


FEATURED PROGRAMS



                                                        Higher Education Readiness (HER) Program
                                                    



                                                        Women Enhancing Technology (WeTech)
                                                    



                                                        TechWomen
                                                    



                                                        ACE for Women's Leadership
                                                    



                                                        Verizon Innovative Learning Program
                                                    




REGIONS


Middle East and North Africa


Sub-Saharan Africa


















Contacts


Jonah Kokodyniak
Chief, Business Development
development@iie.org









                  
             

























Home
















































































USA EMEA / APAC



 

 Linkedin Twitter







Search ...  













About MISTI OverviewFAQsManagementContact UsCareersInstructor Bios Hotel InformationContact



Questions? Call (508) 879-7999
















 Linkedin Twitter





USA EMEA / APAC






Search ...  








Event Search







SubjectInternal AuditIT AuditInfo Security



About MISTI OverviewFAQsManagementContact UsCareersInstructor Bios Hotel InformationContact



Questions? Call (508) 879-7999




Training 





Seminars 


In-House 


ACL Training 


Executive Programs 


Training Weeks 


Virtual Seminars 


Certificate Programs 







Conferences 





In-Person Events 


Virtual Events 


Expo/Sponsorship Information 


Event Downloads 


Request to Speak 


All Events







E-Learning 





Webinars 


Online Self-Study 


Virtual Events 







News & Articles 





Internal Audit Insights


Infosec Insider


Resource Center







Quick Links





Training Weeks


Expo/Sponsorship Information


Ways to Save


Request Information


Request to Speak


Newsletter Sign Up


Internal Audit Job Board







 Event Search




















SubjectInternal AuditIT AuditInfo Security


















  Advancing performance
    through knowledge






Featured Events








							Internal / IT Audit
						

View All Internal / IT Audit Events






							Infosec
						

View All Infosec Events












Latest Content From MISTI







WANT MORE? View our full collection of articles.
Internal Audit Insights Infosec Insider Resource Center















Infosec Insider
Choosing the Infosec Career Path That’s Right for You

By Katherine Teitler
July 24, 2017


Choosing the right infosec career path might not be cut and dried, but certain personalities may be a better for for some roles.









Internal Audit Insights
Revalidation of In-Scope Reports for Completeness and Accuracy

By Jeffrey T. Hare
July 20, 2017


Organizations that are subject to Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) compliance use various reports from the source systems to perform the controls defined by management.









Infosec Insider
8 Tips for Submitting an Outstanding Conference Talk Proposal (part 2)

By Katherine Teitler
July 20, 2017


Now that we've looked at the basics for submitting an outstanding CFP, we'll look at a few more tips and tricks for getting your submission picked.









Infosec Insider
A Day in the Life of a Security Executive (part 4)

By Katherine Teitler
July 19, 2017


A look at the career path of information security executive Georgia Weidman.









Infosec Insider
8 Tips for Submitting an Outstanding Conference Talk Proposal (part 1)

By Katherine Teitler
July 18, 2017


Submitting a great call for presenters proposal is about more than simply writing about your expertise.









Internal Audit Insights
Don’t George Costanza Your Next Internal Audit Meeting

By Michael McShea
July 18, 2017


Internal auditors would fare well-taking inspiration from these iconic Seinfeldisms and keeping the following five ideas in mind to better structure their meetings and help them be more efficient.









Infosec Insider
New Attacks Mean Back to Basics…Again

By Katherine Teitler
July 13, 2017


Information security cannot be bought; organizations need to focus on security fundamentals to ward off the latest and greatest cyber attacks.









Internal Audit Insights
Are You Building a Marketable Internal Audit Career? You Should Be!

By Daniel A. Clark
July 11, 2017


Chief audit executives may have a more established brand, while upwardly mobile internal auditors are likely still working to establish their brands.
 









Internal Audit Insights
So, Why Are You Still Not Using Data Analytics?

By Dave Coderre
June 23, 2017


Study after study has shown that data analytics is effective and efficient at detecting risk and identifying control weaknesses, non-compliance, and inefficient business processes. So why have some internal audit departments still not embraced it?





























MISTI Newsletters

Don't miss out on our valuable content! Click the button below to subscribe today.
Subscribe
Join thousands of professionals from around the globe as we dissect the evolving world of information security and keep you up-to-date on what's happening in the internal audit, IT audit, compliance, and risk-management spheres.







Program Brochures




 2017 Spring Catalog Cyber Security World 2017 Training Week Boston July 2017 Training Week Washington, D.C. August 2017 Training Week Anaheim August Training Week Chicago September 2017 Audit Leadership Institute August 2017 Training Week New York October 2017






Follow Us On Twitter


Tweets by MIS|TI 



























Global Knowledge: Professional Development & IT Training

































































MyGK


 Live Chat 


Monday - Friday
8am - 6pm EST
 Chat Now 




 Contact Us 


Monday - Friday
8am - 8pm EST
1-866-716-6688
Other Contact Options




 USA - English 



 USA - English


 Canada - English


 Canada - français


Worldwide Locations










Checkout


                    Cart ()
                    

                    Loading...
                    





 

Quantity: 
Delivery: 
Dates: 
Location: 

$ 




Subtotal
$ 

Checkout

or Continue Shopping












Sign In





Profile
MyGK
Logout





 
Email Address*



Password*


 

Create an Account
Forgot Your Password?
Access MyGK










 





























 






Training the World's Technology Professionals
View Courses





Our strength is in our partnerships


The world’s top companies turn to us for training. Why? Because we bring you a robust portfolio of 2,200 classes filled with cutting-edge IT. Our partnerships with leading technology brands guarantee you learn the latest skills and prep for must-have certifications. And, it’s not just us saying it. Year after year, brands name us their best-in-class training partner due to our global reach, diverse catalog and overall quality.


Some of our partnerships
























Receive expert training in topics like


Application Development
Cloud Computing
Cybersecurity
Leadership and Business Skills
IT Best Practices


Build cutting-edge web and mobile applications by learning top programming languages like Python, Java, C++ and HTML at beginner, intermediate or advanced levels. Round out your skills with courses on designing secure databases and creating great user experiences.
View Courses


Get the most from your cloud solutions by gaining the technical skills necessary to adopt and deploy virtual networks and services to streamline your operations. Our certification prep courses give you the tools to validate your expertise.
 
View Courses


Prepare to detect and contain system breaches by honing your skills in key areas such as access control, risk management, cryptographic solutions, system auditing and data privacy protection. Training and certification prep are reinforced with real-world examples and hands-on labs.
View Courses


Master skills like communication, critical thinking, finance, leadership, negotiation and problem-solving in order to cut costs, optimize resources and adapt to customers' changing needs.
View Courses


Align business objectives and IT departments with business analysis, project management and IT service management skills. Get certified in ITIL®, TOGAF and PMI® to reduce risk, increase agility and optimize day-to-day operations.
View Courses






Learn the way you want, anywhere in the world





Classroom Live





Virtual Classroom Live





GK Digital Learning





Private Group Training




Interact face-to-face with expert instructors and your peers while working on state of the art equipment at more than 150 locations across North America.
Learn More


Experience interactive online learning with an instructor who streams lessons live. You’ll be able to use breakout group features, chat, participation tools and fully indexed and searchable class recordings to catch up on anything you missed.
Learn More


A new category of learning has emerged. You gain subscription access to courses, bundles or a collection complete with rich media, hands-on activities and expert support in a feature-rich environment designed to increase competence in areas of your choice.
Learn More


Have a team, department or company to train? You can choose when, where and how you want to learn. Get training at your site, online or at another location. Customize curriculum and course materials to fit your objectives.
Learn More









One Pass. Five Courses. Only $3995!
Training is a breeze with our new Summer Pass. Get up to 5 courses for only $3,995. You can save up to $15,000 this summer on 200+ hours of training! But hurry! This offer can sunset at any time.
Get Your Pass Today




Get Cool Stuff When You Train With Us
Don’t wait to get the hottest tech gadgets. Score a $500 Best Buy® e-Gift Card to buy Cool Stuff like a new tablet, smartphone or laptop when you train with us.
Get Started







What's New in IT Training



Courses with Guaranteed to Run Classes Grows Exponentially

TRAINING ANNOUNCEMENT

We know how frustrating it is to have classes canceled, and we’ve done something about it. Our inventory of guaranteed classes has increased by 500%, so you can schedule your training with confidence.
BOOK YOUR GUARANTEED CLASS TODAY






GOVERNMENT PROCUREMENT

New GSA 70 Schedule with deeper discounts





GOOGLE COURSE

Google Cloud Fundamentals: Core Infrastructure





2017 IT SKILLS AND SALARY REPORT

DOWNLOAD YOUR COPY



















