










Welcome to ATEL Capital Group  | ATEL Capital Group
















        Skip to main navigation
      







Quick Search


Search










  




  


 







Welcome to ATEL Capital Group


ATEL Capital Group, founded in 1977, owns and manages a large portfolio of assets including low tech equipment leased to primarily investment grade corporations, loans to venture backed companies and real estate.


ATEL Capital Goup >
  




LEASING


Financing the Equipment that Fuels our Economy


ATEL Leasing >
  




Growth


Investing in Tomorrow's Technologies Today 


ATEL  Growth >
  




SECURITIES


Your Strategic Partner in the Capital Markets



ATEL Securities >
  













ATEL VENTURE PORTFOLIO NEWS


ATEL Capital Group News






 


ATEL Announces $9MM Rail Car Lease with Westlake Chemical


 


ATEL Leasing Corporation Priced, Structured and Arranged $50MM of leases in December 2016


 


ATEL Completes AEP Barge Transaction


 


ATEL Announces Transaction with Waste Management


 


ATEL Capital Secures $500MM of Institutional Equity


 


Dean Cash Inducted into Florida State University College of Business 2015 Hall of Fame






















Untitled Document


















ATEL Growth Capital | ATEL Capital Group
















        Skip to main navigation
      








Quick Search


Search










































ATEL Growth Capital










 
Investing in Tomorrow's Technologies Today
ATEL Growth Capital ("AGC"), a division of ATEL Capital Group, is a leading provider of senior secured financing to emerging growth companies. AGC’s focus is on those companies considered to be the best in their class. ATEL Growth Capital customers have the financial backing of top tier investment firms worldwide.
AGC partners with these top tier investment firms to support pre-IPO and growth companies from the ground up. Our growth capital loans enable our clients to successfully create the game changing innovations of tomorrow. We work with them to secure capital financing on flexible terms without many of the constraints found through other financial institutions. Our experience, in combination with the expertise of our partners, gives our portfolio of companies access to a unique network of services, products, and investors throughout the world.
The emerging growth companies in our portfolio range from early to late stage enterprises to those preparing for an initial public offering. AGC provides debt for all stages of a company’s development across a wide range of industries such as information technology, life sciences, and green technologies.
 

Portfolio Companies Making Headlines

Divergent Technologies: Jay Leno Takes The 720-HP, 3D-Printed Blade Supercar For A Spin


Not Resting on Hemophilia Biz, Bioverativ Pays $400M For True North


Verizon acquires Sensity Systems to add LED light control to its IoT platform


DigitalOcean Raises $83 Million In Series B Funding Led By Access Industries


FDA Signs Collaborative Agreement with Emulate, Inc.


Microsoft expands deal to store data in DNA with Twist Bioscience


Kinestral Technologies Raises $65 Million in Series C Funding, Prepares to Launch Halio™, 


Bristol-Myers Squibb and CytomX Therapeutics Extend Worldwide Collaboration.


Katerra: New Menlo Park unicorn raises $130M to disrupt construction industry
















Private Debt

STEVEN REA
President
415 616-3436
ATEL Growth Capital
The Transamerica Pyramid
600 Montgomery St., 9th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94111
415 989-3796 fax








ATEL VENTURE PORTFOLIO NEWS


ATEL Portfolio News
Chinese Academy of Sciences and Sensity Systems to Create Global Platform For Smart City Applications and Services
How Kabam self-published its Marvel mobile game in China — and hit No. 1
Stealing Customers From Your Mega Rivals - Axcient
Tegile, Pure take steps to make flash upgrades easier

ON24 Closes $25 Million in Funding from Goldman Sachs

Genetics startup Twist Bioscience is working with Microsoft to store the world’s data in DNA
See all portfolio news















﻿


ATEL Institutional



ATEL CAPITAL EQUIPMENT FUND IX, LLC - SAN FRANCISCO, CA - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



CA



SAN FRANCISCO



Miscellaneous Business Credit Institutions



Machinery And Equipment Finance Leasing



                            ATEL CAPITAL EQUIPMENT FUND IX, LLC
                                    



 





















A 


ATEL CAPITAL EQUIPMENT FUND IX, LLC
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



600 CALIFORNIA ST FL 6 SAN FRANCISCO, CA 94108
Get Directions








Business Info



 Founded 2000
 Incorporated CA
 Annual Revenue --
 Employee Count --
 Industries Machinery And Equipment Finance Leasing
 Contacts --







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2000, Atel Capital Equipment Fund Ix, Llc has been providing Machinery And Equipment Finance Leasing from San Francisco. Atel Capital Equipment Fund Ix, Llc is incorporated in California. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







A

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.
















ATEL Capital Equipment Fund IX LLC: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 24, 2017 3:45 PM ET
Trading Companies and Distributors

Company Overview of ATEL Capital Equipment Fund IX LLC



Snapshot People




Company Overview
ATEL Capital Equipment Fund IX, LLC engages in acquiring, leasing, lending, and selling equipment in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. It offers mining, materials handling, transportation, construction, aviation, logging/lumber, manufacturing, and agriculture equipment, as well as computers and marine vessels. The company serves mining, transportation, manufacturing, electronics, retail, oil/gas, health services, communications, rail, marine, wood/lumber, construction, paper, and other markets. ATEL Capital Equipment Fund IX, LLC was founded in 2000 and is based in San Francisco, California.


The Transamerica Pyramid9th Floor600 Montgomery StreetSan Francisco, CA 94111United StatesFounded in 2000



Phone: 415-989-8800

www.atel.com







Key Executives for ATEL Capital Equipment Fund IX LLC




Mr. Dean L. Cash


      	Chairman, CEO & President of ATEL Financial Svcs LLC
      


Age: 66
        







Mr. Paritosh K. Choksi


      	Principal Financial Officer, COO, EVP & Director of ATEL Financial Svcs LLC- GP
      


Age: 64
        







Mr. Samuel Schussler


      	Chief Accounting Officer & SVP - ATEL Financial Svcs LLC & Atel Capital Group
      


Age: 64
        







Mr. Vasco H. Morais


      	EVP, General Counsel, Secretary of ATEL Financial Svcs LLC & ATEL Capital Group
      


Age: 58
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 195 Lumber Company United States 2 J Supply, Inc. United States 21st Century Equipment, LLC United States 31-W Insulation Co., Inc. United States 3D Mechanical/Service Co., Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact ATEL Capital Equipment Fund IX LLC, please visit www.atel.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close





























403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.








Atel Capital Equipment Fund IX Secondary Market ListingWhite Securities Law | Securities Fraud Attorneys and FINRA Arbitration Lawyers



























































































MENU








 June 19, 2017
 Comments (0)
 Current Investigations

Atel Capital Equipment Fund IX Secondary Market Listing





(Last Updated On: July 20, 2017)Investigating Potential Claims Involving Atel Capital Equipment Fund IX
Did you lose money investing in Atel Capital Equipment Fund IX at the recommendation of your broker? If so, the securities attorneys of The White Law Group may be able to help you recover your losses by filing a FINRA Dispute Resolution claim against the brokerage firm that sold you the investment.
The problem with leasing equipment funds, like Atel Capital Equipment Fund IX, is that they are complex and inherently risky products.
According to Atel’s own prospectus, some of the risk factors included:
Investors must rely on ATEL to manage the Fund’s business; The Fund will pay ATEL substantial fees; The Fund has not specified all its equipment investments; The Fund’s performance is subject to the risk of lessee defaults; The Fund will borrow to buy equipment investments;  An investor’s ability to sell his Units is limited; and The Fund does not guarantee its distributions or the return of investors’ capital.
Recovery of Investment Losses
Broker dealers are required to inform clients of the risks associated with investment recommendations. They must ensure that those recommendations are suitable for the investor in light of the investor’s age, risk tolerance, net worth, and investment experience. Firms that fail to do so, may be held responsible for any losses.
Lack of liquidity is often problematic for many investors. Investors looking to sell often have difficulty finding a buyer, and can suffer significant losses on the sale. According to Central Trade and Transfer, a secondary market for private placements, shares of Atel were recently sold for $.65 per unit. This represents a significant loss for many investors.
To determine whether you may be able to recover investment losses incurred as a result of your purchase of Atel Capital Equipment Fund IX, please contact The White Law Group at 888-637-5510 for a free consultation.
The White Law Group is a national securities fraud, securities arbitration, and  investor protection law firm with offices in Chicago, Illinois and Vero Beach, Florida. For more information on the firm, visit www.WhiteSecuritiesLaw.com.
 
 




 » Atel Capital Equipment Fund IX information, Atel Capital Equipment Fund IX investigation, Atel Capital Equipment Fund IX losses, Atel Capital Equipment Fund IX redemption, Atel Capital Equipment Fund IX sales, Atel Capital Equipment Fund IX Secondary Market Listing, Atel Capital Equipment Fund IX value, Chicago securities attorney, securities fraud attorney, Vero Beach securities attorney, Vero Beach securities lawyer, » Atel Capital Equipment Fund IX complaint 
  » Current Investigations » Atel Capital Equipment Fund IX Secondary Market Listing        







Connect with Us! 






Search WhiteSecuritiesLaw.com


Contact Us! Name *E-mail *Phone *Comment or Message *EmailSubmit










            
				(312) 238-9650 | Fax (312) 238-8950 | (772) 242-9330 | 205 W. Randolph St., Suite 1200, Chicago, Illinois (IL) | Miracle Mile Center. 595 21st Street, Suite 200. Vero Beach, Florida 32960

The information you obtain at this site is not, nor is it intended to be, legal advice. You should consult an attorney for individual advice regarding your own situation. You may reproduce materials available at this site for your own personal use and for non-commercial distribution. All copies must include this copyright statement. © 2015 by The White Law Group, LLC All rights reserved.                     
            














































ATEL Capital Group | SEC Filings
































			Skip to main navigation
			








Quick Search


Search









































SEC Filings 













Select the filing type and date range you wish to view from the drop-down menus below.

ATEL Growth Capital Fund 8, LLCATEL 17, LLCATEL 16, LLCATEL 15, LLCATEL14, LLCATEL 12, LLCATEL Capital Equipment Fund XI, LLCATEL Capital Equipment Fund X, LLCATEL Capital Equipment Fund IX, LLCATEL Capital Equipment Fund VIII, LLCYearTrailing 12-MonthsCalendar Year 2017Calendar Year 2016Calendar Year 2015Calendar Year 2014Calendar Year 2013Calendar Year 2012Calendar Year 2011ViewAll FilingsAnnual FilingsQuarterly FilingsRegistration StatementsSection 16OtherFormDescriptionDateFormat10-QQuarterly report which provides a continuing view of a company's financial positionMay 12, 201710-KAnnual report which provides a comprehensive overview of the company for the past yearMar 20, 201710-QQuarterly report which provides a continuing view of a company's financial positionNov 10, 201610-QQuarterly report which provides a continuing view of a company's financial positionAug 12, 2016

 












Investor Services

ATEL Investor Services
							800 543-2835 ext.3
							855 520-2835 fax
							ATEL Investor Services
							The Transamerica Pyramid
							600 Montgomery St., 9th Floor
							San Francisco, CA 94111

















ATEL VENTURE PORTFOLIO NEWS


FINRA Investor Protection


FINRA Investor ProtectionPrivacy Policy
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) Conduct Rule 2267ATEL values the trust you have placed in us. As a part of our relationship, we respect and FINRA Rules & Regulation Website: http://www.finra.org/RulesRegulationacknowledge your privacy. Pursuant to Federal Trade Commission regulations (and SEC Regulation The FINRA Regulation Public Disclosure Program Hotline:
												FINRA P.O. Box 9401
												Gaithersburg, Maryland 20898-9401
												Telephone: (800) 289-9999
												Fax: (301) 212 8137
												The FINRA Regulation Public Disclosure Program publishes an investor brochure which is available by contacting Public Disclosure at the above telephone number or address.
												Visit FINRA at http://www.FINRA.orgFINRA BrokerCheck: Click Here to check the background of your investment professional.S-P), we would like you to understand our policies and procedures for protecting the nonpublic financial information we receive from you. Our policies relating to disclosure of your nonpublic personal financial information are as follows:ATEL Investor Services can collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources:Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others
												Information we receive from a consumer-reporting agency
												Information we receive from you on sub docs or other forms
												We do not disclose nonpublic personal information about our customers or former customers to anyone, except as permitted by law. We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard your nonpublic personal information.  
												If you have any questions about these policies or our use, maintenance and disclosure of your personal financial information, please contact our Investor Services Department at (800) 543-2835 ext 3.   






































 





403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.




