

Honda Atlas Power Product (Pvt) Ltd.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 28, 2017 6:23 AM ET
Electrical Equipment

Company Overview of Honda Atlas Power Product (Pvt) Ltd.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Honda Atlas Power Product (Pvt) Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of Honda Motor Co., Ltd.


24/A/17, DMCHSTipu Sultan RoadKarachi,  75350Pakistan



Phone: 92 21 455 6847

Fax: 92 21 455 0954

www.hondapower.net.pk







Key Executives for Honda Atlas Power Product (Pvt) Ltd.


Honda Atlas Power Product (Pvt) Ltd. does not have any Key Executives recorded. 





Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 Elmetec (Private) Ltd. Middle East/Africa PakShine (Pvt.) Limited Middle East/Africa SRE Solutions (Pvt.) Ltd. Middle East/Africa The Imperial Electric Company (Pvt.) Ltd. Middle East/Africa AREVA T&D Pakistan (Pvt) Ltd. Middle East/Africa




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Honda Atlas Power Product (Pvt) Ltd., please visit www.hondapower.net.pk.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Honda
























 Close






Follow Us on 






 


































 





                                 Simply get your old generator's engine replaced with Honda's Engine from the convenience of your home and get it powered by Honda. Top in its class for  Quality Electricity   100% Claimed output economical operation --- 
 EG-Series 3 ~ 5 kVA with Digital Auto Voltage Regulator ( D-AVR ) Top in its class: Quality Electricity   continuous Operation TimeFuel Economy. EU65 5.5kVA super premium generator. Power full pumping with Honda pumps for emergency, cleaning & hosing worksBrush Cutter : Friendly to both people and the environment, strong, robust, the real thing.







 


HomeYou are here 



 





























 Our range of products are among the most efficient on the market, utilizing renowned 4-stroke engine technology for better fuel economy, lowest emissions, quieter operation with highest quality. 

















 









  

 


Categories




Petrol




Gas







 














 


























 




















































































                                      Honda is supplying complete after sales service to satisfy customers, to make them feel, “I am so glad, I’ve bought a Honda”.
















 


 













 





Baluchistan



N.W.F.P



Sind

 Gilgit  Agency



Punjab

AJK
















Copyright  2004-2017 Honda Atlas Power 

                  Product (Pvt.) Ltd. and its subsidiaries and affiliates. 

                  All Rights Reserved.
 


 Powered by Rapid Business Solutions.
Disclaimer 



































Honda Worldwide | World Links | Company Index

























World news
Products & Technology
Motor Sports
Environment
Investor Relations
About Honda
Honda World Links



World news
Products & Technology
Motor Sports
Environment
Investor Relations
About Honda
Honda World Links







Honda Worldwide Home
World Links
Company Index














A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z




A



A.P. Honda Co., Ltd. (Thailand)
Abdullah Hashim Co., Ltd. (Saudi Arabia)
AC Mobil d.o.o. (Slovenia)
Afritool (Pty) Ltd. - SWD (Mozambique)
AGANCIA Y FABRICA HONDA, S.A. (Guatemala)
AGENCIA BELLA C. POR A. (Dominican Republic)
Agencias Generales S.A. (Bolivia)
Aikitec Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Alexander Dimitriou & Sons Ltd. (Cyprus)
Alghanim International for the Sale & Purchase of Cars Co. W.L.L. (Kuwait)
Alghanim Motors (Kuwait)
Ali Hussein Alwatary Engineering & Projects Co. (Yemen)
American Honda Finance Corp. (U.S.A.)
American Honda Motor Co., Inc. (U.S.A.)
Anadolu Motor Uretim ve Pazarlama AS (Turkey)
Antigua Motors (Antigua)
Appliance Traders Limited (Jamaica)
Aries Power Equipment Ltd. (Poland)
AS Domzale Moto center d.o.o. (Slovenia)
AS Kellox (Norway)
Asamagiken Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Asian Honda Motor Co., Ltd. (Thailand)
Asian Parts Manufacturing Co., Ltd. (Thailand)
Associated Motors (Malta)
ASTER AUTO, LLP (Kazakhstan)
ATL Automotive Ltd. dba ATL Motors (Jamaica)
Atlas Bangladesh Ltd. (Bangladesh)
Atlas Honda Limited (Pakistan)
Atsumitec Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Auto Ceuta Cars S.A. (Ceuta)
Auto Competicao Angola LDA (Angola)
Auto Solutions (Bermuda)
AutoCity N.V.  (Curacao)
Automundo Honduras (Honduras)
Automundo S.A. (Nicaragua)
AUTOTECH POLYNESIE (Tahiti)







B



B&G Motors LLC (Mongolia)
Bahia Motors S.A. (Panama)
Bangladesh Honda Private Limited   (Bangladesh)
Bassadone Motors (Gibraltar)
Bella Group (Puerto Rico)
Berema AS (Norway)
Bernhard EHF (Iceland)
BG Technik cs.a.s. (Czech Republic)
Blue Energy Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Blue Wing Honda Limited (New Zealand)
Bombas y Motores de Honduras, S.A, de C.V. (Honduras)
Boon Siew Honda Sdn.Bhd    (Malaysia)
Boon Siew Singapore Pte Ltd. (Singapore)
Brain Science Foundation (Japan)
Bukit Batok Driving Centre Ltd. (Singapore)
Bultraco (Bulgaria)







C



C.I.A.P. S.P.A. (Italy)
C&C Auto Services Ltd. (St. Kitts)
Carpenters Motors (Fiji)
CASA ANGOLANA / GRUPO AFRI RUEPTEIS (Angola)
Classic Motors Ltd. (Trinidad)
Comercial Forza S.A. (Panama)







D



Delta Automoto d.o.o. (Serbia)
Demstar Automotive Ltd (Cyprus)
DHEJUNG Motors (Bhutan)
DHS Motors Limited (Bangladesh)
Diacfa (Burkina Faso)
DIDEMO (Honduras)
DIESA S.A. (Paraguay)
Diesel Electrica (Mozambique)
Dipromuro C.A. (Venezuela)
Distribuidora De Vehiculos Importados S.A. (Guatemala)
Dnipro Motor, LCC (Ukraine)
Doha Marketing Services Company WLL (Qatar)
Dongfeng Honda Auto Parts Co., Ltd. (China)
Dongfeng Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. (China)
Dongfeng Honda Engine Co., Ltd. (China)







E



E.A.L Man Hin & Sons Ltd. (Mauritius)
Eastern Nova Co., Ltd. (Myanmar)
ECOMAR (Angola)
EHW (Seychelles) Ltd. (Seychelles)
El Sayad Trading Misr, S.A.E. (Egypt)
Energia Y Potencia (Colombia)
ENSAMBLADORA NICARAGUENESE DE MOTOCICLETAS S.A. (Nicaragua)
ENSAMBLADORA SALVADORENA, S.A. (El Salvador)







F



F-Tech Inc. (Japan)
F.C.C. Co., Ltd. (Japan)
FABRICA NATIONAL DE AUTOPARTES FANALCA S.A. (Colombia)
FERNANDES & SON N.V. (Suriname)
Fernandes Automotive (Fernandes Autohandel N.V.) (Suriname)
Franz Amrhein & Co., S.A. (Costa Rica)
Fred Bobek (Croatia)







G



G-Tekt Corporation (Japan)
GAC Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. (China)
Gaky Engineering Automotive Ltd. (Ethiopia)
Gasan Zammit Motors Co., Ltd. (Malta)
Ge Honda Aero Engines LLC (U.S.A.)
Geant 241 S.A.R.L. (Gabon)
GOK GUPBA (Turkmenistan)
Goshi Giken Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Grand Motors LLC (Armenia)
Greens Power Products S.L. (Spain)
GROW Productos de Forca Portugal (Portugal)
Grupo Q El Salvador S.A. DE C.V. (El Salvador)
GS Global Corporation (Korea)







H



H-One Co.,Ltd. (Japan)
Happy Motoring Co., Sdn. Bhd. (Brunei)
HATOBITO SLU (Tenerife)
Hicom-Honda Mfg. Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. (Malaysia)
Hirose Seiko Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Hit Power Motor S.R.L. (Romania)
Honda Access Corporation (Japan)
Honda Aero.,Inc. (U.S.A.)
Honda Africa and the Middle East Representative office (U.A.E.)
Honda Aircraft Company, LLC (U.S.A.)
Honda Airways Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Honda Assembly (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.  (Malaysia)
Honda Atlas Cars (Pakistan) Limited (Pakistan)
Honda Atlas Power Product (Private) Ltd. (Pakistan)
Honda Australia M.C. & P.E. Pty Ltd. (Australia)
Honda Australia Pty., Ltd. (Australia)
Honda Auto Maputo (Mozambique)
Honda Auto Parts Manufacturing (M) Sdn. Bhd. (Malaysia)
Honda Auto Parts Manufacturing Co., Ltd. (China)
Honda Automobile (China) Co., Ltd. (China)
Honda Automobile (Thailand) Co.,Ltd (Thailand)
Honda Automobile Western Africa Ltd. (Nigeria)
Honda Automoveis Do Brasil Ltda. (Brazil)
Honda Canada Inc. (Canada)
Honda Caribbean Ltd. (St. Lucia)
Honda Cars India Ltd.  (India)
Honda Cars Philippines, Inc. (Philippines)
Honda Centre (2010) Pvt. Ltd. (Zimbabwe)
Honda Commtec Inc. (Japan)
Honda Componentes Da Amazonia Ltda. (Brazil)
Honda Consulting Co.,Ltd. (Japan)
Honda De Mexico, S.A. De C.V. (Mexico)
Honda Del Peru S.A. (Peru)
Honda Energy Do Brazil Ltda. (Brazil)
Honda Engineering Asian Co., Ltd. (Thailand)
Honda Engineering China Co., Ltd. (China)
Honda Engineering Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Honda Engineering Europe Ltd. (U.K.)
Honda Engineering North America, Inc. (U.S.A.)
Honda Europe Motorcycle S.R.L. (Italy)
Honda Europe Power Equipment S.A. (France)
Honda Finance Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Honda Foundation (Japan)
Honda Foundry Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Honda Gulf Fze (U.A.E.)
Honda Italia Industriale, S.P.A. (Italy)
Honda Kaihatsu Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Honda Korea Co.,Ltd. (Korea)
Honda Lock Mfg. Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Honda Logistics Inc. (Japan)
Honda Malaysia Sdn Bhd (Malaysia)
Honda Manufacturing (Nigeria) Ltd. (Nigeria)
Honda Manufacturing of Alabama LLC (U.S.A.)
Honda Manufacturing of Indiana, LLC (U.S.A.)
HONDA MC SVENSKA AB (Sweden)
Honda Motor (China) Co., Ltd. (China)
Honda Motor (China) Investment Co., Ltd. (China)
Honda Motor China Technology Co., Ltd. (China)
Honda Motor Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Honda Motor Co., Ltd. Shiroko Building (Japan)
Honda Motor Co., Ltd. Wako Building (Japan)
Honda Motor Co., Ltd. Yaesu Building (Japan)
Honda Motor De Argentina S.A. (Argentina)
Honda Motor De Chile S.A. (Chile)
Honda Motor Europe BENELUX BRANCH (Belgium)
Honda Motor Europe Iberia Branch (Spain)
Honda Motor Europe Logistics NV (Belgium)
Honda Motor Europe Ltd. (U.K.)
Honda Motor Europe Ltd. (Denmark) (Denmark)
Honda Motor Europe Ltd. (Estonia) (Estonia)
Honda Motor Europe Ltd. (Finland) (Finland)
Honda Motor Europe Ltd. (Latvia) (Latvia)
Honda Motor Europe Ltd. (Lithuania) (Lithuania)
Honda Motor Europe Ltd. (Luxembourg) (Luxemburg)
Honda Motor Europe Ltd. (Norway) (Norway)
Honda Motor Europe Ltd. Central Europe Branch (Austria)
Honda Motor Europe Ltd.(Czech) (Czech Republic)
Honda Motor Europe Ltd.(France) (France)
Honda Motor Europe Ltd.(Germany) (Germany)
Honda Motor Europe Ltd.(Hungary) (Hungary)
Honda Motor Europe Ltd.(Italy) (Italy)
Honda Motor Europe Ltd.(Netherlands) (Netherlands)
Honda Motor Europe Ltd.(Poland) (Poland)
Honda Motor Europe Ltd.(Portugal) (Portugal)
Honda Motor Europe Ltd.(Slovakia) (Slovakia)
Honda Motor Europe Nordic Branch  (Sweden)
Honda Motor Europe SWITZERLAND BRANCH (Switzerland)
Honda Motor India (Private) Ltd. (India)
Honda Motor RUS LLC (Russia)
Honda Motor Southern Africa (Pty.) Ltd. (South Africa)
Honda Motor(China) Co., Ltd. (Hong Kong)
Honda Motorcycle And Scooter India Pvt. Ltd. (India)
Honda Motorcycle Japan Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Honda Motorcycle Kenya Limited (Kenya)
Honda Motorcycle R&D China Co., Ltd. (China)
Honda New Zealand Limited (New Zealand)
Honda North America, Inc. (U.S.A.)
Honda of America Mfg., Inc. (U.S.A.)
Honda of South Carolina Mfg., Inc. (U.S.A.)
Honda of The U.K. Manufacturing Ltd. (U.K.)
Honda Parts Manufacturing Corp. (Philippines)
Honda Patents & Technologies North America, LLC (U.S.A.)
Honda Performance Development Inc. (U.S.A.)
Honda Philippines Inc. (Philippines)
Honda Power Equipment Mfg., Inc. (U.S.A.)
Honda Precision Parts of Georgia, LLC (U.S.A.)
Honda R&D (India) Private Limited (India)
Honda R&D Americas, Inc. (U.S.A.)
Honda R&D Asia Pacific Co., Ltd. (Thailand)
Honda R&D Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Honda R&D Europe (Deutschland) G.M.B.H. (Germany)
Honda R&D Europe (Italia) S.R.L. (Italy)
Honda R&D Europe (U.K.) Ltd. (U.K.)
Honda R&D Southeast Asia Co.,Ltd. (Thailand)
Honda R&D Sun Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Honda Racing Corporation (Japan)
Honda Research Institute Europe G.M.B.H. (Germany)
Honda Research Institute Japan Co., Ltd.  (Japan)
Honda Research Institute Usa, Inc. (U.S.A.)
Honda Selva Del Peru S.A. (Peru)
Honda Siel Power Product Ltd. (India)
Honda South America  Ltda. (Brazil)
Honda Staffing Service Corp.  (Japan)
Honda Sun Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Honda Taiwan Co., Ltd. (Taiwan)
Honda Taiwan Motor Co., Ltd. (Taiwan)
Honda Technical College (Japan)
Honda Techno Fort Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Honda Trading Corporation (Japan)
Honda Transmission Mfg. of America, Inc. (U.S.A.)
Honda Turkiye A. S. (Turkey)
Honda U-Tec Co.,Ltd. (Japan)
Honda Uganda Ltd. (Uganda)
Honda Vietnam Co., Ltd. (Vietnam)
Honda Vietnam Power Products Co., Ltd. (Vietnam)
Honda Zambia Ltd. (Zambia)
Honda-Mindong Generator Co., Ltd. (China)
Hongoldonia D.O.O (Croatia)
HS ENTERPRISE LTD. (Bangladesh)







I



Indumot S.A. (Ecuador)
International Association of Traffic And Safety Sciences (Japan)
ITH Trading CO d.o.o. (Serbia)
IWE S.A. (Uruguay)







J



J.R.Lalchandani S.A. (Melilla)
Japanese Motors Company (JMC) SARL (Tunisia)
Jialing-Honda Motors Co., Ltd. (China)
Joeten Motors Corporation, Inc. (Saipan)
John Michael Motors (Sierra Leone)
Jordanian International Auto Trading Company (Jordan)
Jossy Motors N. V. (Aruba)
Juan Armas, S.A. (Las Palmas de Gran Canaria)







K



Kah Motor Co. SDN BHD (Singapore)
Kah Power Products Pte. Ltd. (Singapore)
Kaneta Kogyo Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Keihin Corporation (Japan)
Kibounosato Honda Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Kim Hap Co., Ltd. (Cambodia)
Kingmate Co., Ltd. (Taiwan)
Kumamoto Factory (Japan)







M



M.K.S. Import & Export (Guyana)
M.S.F. Agencies Ltd. (Grand Cayman)
MADAGASCAR AUTOMOBILE (Madagascar)
Makpetrol A.D (Macedonia)
Map Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Marics & Company Ltd. (Guyana)
Max Motors LLC (Mongolia)
Mayer's Cars and Trucks Co. Ltd. (Israel)
McIntyre Bros. Ltd. (Grenada)
Metts Corporation (Japan)
Mobilityland Corporation (Japan)
Montesa Honda, S.A. (Sociedad Unipersonal) (Spain)
Moto Honda Da Amazonia Ltda. (Brazil)
Motor Bike Sales and Service Ltd. (Jamaica)
Motor Pedo Co.Ltd. (Hungary)
Motorworld (St. Maarten)
Msd Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Musashi Seimitsu Co., Ltd. (Japan)







N



NANVEL S.A. (Uruguay)
Nassau Motor Co., Ltd. (Bahamas)
National Motor Company W.L.L. (Bahrain)
NCX Co., Ltd. (Laos)
NCX Co.,Ltd. (Cambodia)
NCX Myanmar Co., Ltd. (Myanmar)
Nile Trading and Engineering Co. S.A.E. (Egypt)
Nissin Kogyo Co., Ltd. (Japan)







O



Oman Marketing & Services Co. (Oman)
Overseas Union Ltd. (Ghana)
OY Brandt AB (Finland)







P



P.T. Astra Honda Motor (Indonesia)
P.T. Honda Power Products Indonesia (Indonesia)
P.T. Honda Precision Parts Manufacturing (Indonesia)
P.T. Honda Prospect Motor (Indonesia)
Paritetservice Ltd. (Belarus)
PERFECTA S.A. (Haiti)
Phnom Penh Honda Co., Ltd. (Cambodia)
Phonie Motors (Tunisia)
Platinum Motors (Barbados)
Power & Marine Ltd. (New Zealand)
Power Product Operations Outboard Engine Plant (Japan)
Power Products Trading JSC (Bulgaria)
Powertrain Unit Factory (Japan)
Pride Motor LLC  (Ukraine)
Production Supervisory Unit ãƒ» Powertrain Production Supervisory Unit (Japan)
Production Supervisory Unit and Powertrain Production Supervisory Unit (Japan)
Protech Industrial Equipment Ltd. (Kenya)
Pt. Honda R&D Indonesia (Indonesia)







Q



Quality Innovation Center Tochigi (Japan)
Quality Motors (Tanzania)







R



Rainbow Motor School Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Record Electric S.A.E.C.A. (Paraguay)
Recordmotor S.A. (Ecuador)
Ruting D.O.O (Croatia)







S



S. G. I. A. (New Caledonia)
Saitama Factory Ogawa Plant (Japan)
Saitama Factory Sayama Automobile Plant (Japan)
Saitama Factory Yorii Automobile Plant (Japan)
Saracakis Brothers SA (Greece)
SC Honda Trading Romania SRL (Romania)
Scanlink Ltd. (Belarus)
SDN Company Ltd. (Korea)
SENA Motors LTD. (Georgia)
Seoul Motor Co., Ltd. (Korea)
Servicio Agricola Salvadoreno S.A. De C.V (El Salvador)
SHEESHA. PVT. LTD (Maldives)
Shinnichi Kogyo Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Showa Corporation (Japan)
Singapore Safety Driving Centre Ltd. (Singapore)
Sociedad Anonima de Vehiculos Automotores (Costa Rica)
Societe Ivoirienne Farhat Freres (Siff) (Cote d'Ivoire)
Societe Sonam (Benin)
Sodirem (Burkina Faso)
SOGECORE (Ile de la Réunion)
SOGO JIMU SERVICE CO., LTD. (Japan)
Stafford Motor Co., (Pvt.) Ltd. (Sri Lanka)
STE Amani Trading Company (Benin)
Steel Center Co., Ltd. (Japan)
STEWARTâ€™S AUTO SALES LIMITED (Jamaica)
Sumilex Co., Ltd. (Japan)
SunAuto S.A. (Haiti)
Sundiro Honda Motorcycle Co., Ltd. (China)
Suzuka Factory (Japan)
Syakar Trading Company Pvt. Ltd. (Nepal)







T



Tanaka Seimitsu Kogyo Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Thai Honda Manufacturing Co., Ltd. (Thailand)
The Arab Motors & Trading Company (Jordan)
THP Ghana Ltd. (Ghana)
TIEX SPRL (DRC)
Tima Products A/S (Denmark)
Trading Enterprises (U.A.E.)
TransAfrica Motors Ltd. (Kenya)
Transmission Factory Hamamatsu Plant (Japan)
Trintrac Ltd. (Trinidad)
Triple J Motors (Guam)
Ts Tech Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Tsushima Die-Engineering Corp. (Japan)
Tsuzuki Manufacturing Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Two Wheels Ltd. (Ireland)







U



Uemura Tec Co., Ltd. (Japan)
UMW Industrial Power Sdn. Bhd. (Malaysia)
Unicart (Henri Tewtel & Co.) S.A.L. (Lebanon)
United Commercial Agencies W.L.L. (Bahrain)
UNITRA LLC (Mongolia)
Univers Motors S.A. (Morocco)
Universal Honda Limited. (Ireland)
UNIVERSAL TRADING (Malawi)







V



VALBAR LIMITED (Malawi)
Valerio Canez S.A. (Haiti)
Vicar S.A. (Paraguay)
Vietnam Autoparts Co., Ltd (Vietnam)
VILH. NELLEMANN, HANDELSSELSKAB A/S (Denmark)
VISAL IMPORT EXPORT S.R.L. (Bolivia)







W



Wuyang-Honda Motors (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (China)







Y



Yachiyo Industry Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Yachiyo Industry Co., Ltd., Yokkaichi Factory (Japan)
Yamada Seisakusho Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Yanagawa Seiki Co., Ltd. (Japan)
Yeni Motor (Azerbaijan)
Yutaka Giken Co., Ltd. (Japan)







Z



Zigzag LTD (Armenia)













Honda Worldwide site
Home | Site Map | Site Index | About this Site
Copyright, Honda Motor Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries and affiliates. All Rights Reserved.




Honda






	PakBrains | Jobs in Honda Atlas Power Product (Pvt) Ltd

































◄ Back to Jobs


PakInnovation
				|
				PakTechnology Blog
				|
				TopBrains.ORG
				|
				PakFaces
				|
				PakExplorer



LOGIN
					 | 
					REGISTER














Please select an account type:


Jobseeker
					            
					Employer






















Dummy




			Loading...





























Honda Atlas Power Product (Pvt) Ltd


www.hondapower.net.pk






Honda Atlas Power Product (Pvt.) Ltd. (HAPPL) was established in April, 1998 as a joint-venture between Honda Motor Co., Ltd., Japan (80% equity stake) and Atlas Group, Pakistan (20% equity stake), to import and distribute Honda power products such as, generators, engines and water pumps for the Pakistani market.Together with motorcycles and automobiles, Honda entered the power product business in 1953 and till 2002 had produced over 50 million power products. Utilizing cutting edge 4-stroke engine technology, Honda engines are very environment friendly. Currently Honda power products are manufactured at 13 facilities in 11 countries and are sold in 56 countries around the world.In Pakistan Honda and Atlas Group also collaborate in operating the motorcycles joint-venture Atlas Honda Limited (AHL) and the automobiles joint-venture Honda Atlas Cars (Pakistan) Limited (HACPL), to supply Honda Products of the highest quality yet at a reasonable price for customer satisfaction.




Set Alert on Jobs From This Employer




More














Select an alert frequency






					Alert Frequency:








					Email ID:








					 
				

Please select an Alert frequency!




		      
		






            Message























            Message








Login please!


Feature available to registered users; please register or login to your account




































































Jobs in Honda Atlas Power Product (Pvt) Ltd:

















Now this is little embarrassing!Would you mind searching for something little more common? maybe? :-)



















            Message















































































					PakBrains.com


About Us




Careers

ContactUs




Privacy Policy

Terms & Conditions




					Job Seekers


Job Seeker Features

Find Jobs

Post CV/Resume

Job Alerts

Top Companies

Job Seeker Tips




					Employers


PakBrains Features

Post a Job

Search for Resumes

Top Employers List

Top Resumes




					Jobs by Category


Software Development Jobs

Human Resources/Hiring Jobs

Accounting/Finance Jobs

Advertising/Marketing Jobs

Print/Electronic Media Jobs

Planning/Development Jobs

Project Management Jobs

Security/Safety/General QA Jobs

Technical/Article Writing Jobs

Engineering Jobs




					Jobs by Industry


Information Technology Jobs

Healthcare Jobs

Construction Jobs

Servicing Jobs

Tourism/Travel Jobs

Government Jobs

Banking/Finance Jobs

Education/Training Jobs

Textile/Garments Jobs

Agriculture/Farming Jobs




					Jobs by Location


Jobs in Karachi

Jobs in Lahore

Jobs in Islamabad

Jobs in Rawalpindi

Jobs in Peshawar

Jobs in Faisalabad

Jobs in Hyderabad









            Message








Login please!


Feature available to registered users; please register or login to your account



























































		PakBrains BETA: No Jobs Matched Your Search
	

		PakBrains is currently running in BETA and might not have jobs listed in all areas/categories.
	









			Copyright ©2017
			PakBrains Inc. All rights reserved.
			
About Us | 
			Contact Us

Terms of Use | Privacy Policy







		  Processing request; please wait!












► Jobs
							you have short-listed (0)



Clear short-listed


Send short-listed jobs to a friend


Website Feedback

















									JOBS YOU HAVE SHORT-LISTED
								







Show All


Remove All


Send Jobs to Friends
















Job Title   
														Show Summary
Salary RangeExperienceLocationStatus



0













Not Viewed




















Job Title   
																	Show Titles


																	Salary Range
																

																	Experience
																









0



																	 View Details















































			Are you sure?








All short-listed jobs will be removed from short-listed jobs view; are you sure you want to clear short-listed jobs history?




















Dummy



			Send Short-Listed Jobs to Friends









							Your Name:
						






							Your Email:
						






							Friends' Emails:
						







							Comments:
						







							   
							











		Help Us Improve Our Website!
	



			Loading...











Feature not available in beta










 









Essays | Repository of Free Essays











 
















UKessays
TRUSTED BY STUDENTS SINCE 2003



 0115 966 7955
Today's Opening Times 09:00 - 21:00 (BST)


























Essays




What are you looking for?

 Customers rate UKEssays  88% Based on 211 reviews.  Read the latest reviews




Free Essays


Our Writing Services

Essay Writing Service
Assignment Writing Service
Coursework Writing Service
View All Our Writing Services





Essay Categories


AAccounting470America14Animation30Anthropology99Archaeology26Architecture152Arts176Australian3Aviation19BBanking28Beauty Therapy22Biology1,880Business4,449Business Strategy89CChemistry127Childcare71Classics19Commerce1,265Communications126Computer Science606Construction658Criminology1,043Cultural Studies761DData Analysis15Design21Drama47EEcommerce22Economics4,110Education2,692Employment48Engineering942English71English Language1,537English Literature4,332Environment46Environmental Sciences955Environmental Studies128Estate Management13European Studies31FFamily15Fashion72Film Studies730Finance485Foreign Language13French22GGeneral Studies123Geography81German6HHealth340Health and Social Care683History3,079Hospitality9Housing20Human Resources83Human Rights94IIndia17Information Systems140Information Technology2,072International Business46International Relations108International Studies87Internet27It Research36JJournalism38LLanguages32Law258Leadership65Leisure Management7Linguistics39Literature48MManagement4,318Marketing8,132Mathematics65Mechanics10Media1,081Medical73Military14Motivation14Music179NNursing2,097Nutrition11OOrganisations34PPersonal Development35Philosophy1,921Photography47Physical Education213Physics71Physiology46Politics1,450Project Management111Property31Psychology3,131RReligion583Retail20SSciences218Security18Social Policy102Social Work1,008Society25Sociology1,763Spanish23Sports96Statistics39TTeaching68Technology32Theatre33Theology251Tourism1,502Translation11Transportation11UUncategorised85VVideo Games10YYoung People410 













Honda Atlas Power Product Pvt Ltd - 首頁 | Facebook











Facebook電子郵件或電話密碼忘記帳號？註冊首頁評論相片影片貼文關於社群建立粉絲專頁社群查看全部1,164 人說這讚1,164 個人正在追蹤關於查看全部  Plot No. 23/A/II, Street No. 4, Moulana Mohammad Ali Jauhar Memorial Co-operative Housing Society, Karachi.+92-21 3455-6847 or 3455-6830www.hondapower.net.pk公司用戶1,164 個讚更多大家都按讚的專頁Honda Atlas cars - pakistan Limited汽車Pakistan Cars汽車Atlas Honda Genuine Parts本地商家中文(台灣) · English (US) · Español · Português (Brasil) · Français (France)隱私政策 · 使用條款 · 廣告 · Ad Choices · Cookie · 更多 Facebook © 2017評論Honda Atlas Power Product Pvt Ltd 尚未收到任何評論。告訴大家你的想法顯示全部相片顯示全部影片Sasta Generator mehanga bhi par sakta hai !!172714查看全部貼文Honda Atlas Power Product Pvt Ltd · 5月26日 · The First Dealer ConventionHonda Atlas Power Product Pvt Ltd · 4月3日 · Summers are already here... Thinking of purchasing a Generator? Finding it difficult to buy one? RUBA Digital is is here to make your purchase easier by providing our Genuine Honda Generators on Installments #LetsMakeThePurchaseEasier #HondaPowerProducts #Pakistan顯示全部貼文Honda Atlas Power Product Pvt Ltd · 3月21日 · Summers are already here... Thinking of purchasing a Generator? Finding it difficult to buy one? RUBA Digital is is here to make your purchase easier by providing our Genuine Honda Generators on Installments #LetsMakeThePurchaseEasier #HondaPowerProducts #PakistanHonda Atlas Power Product Pvt Ltd · 2月20日 · Dear Honda Fans, We have finally crossed a 1000! Thanks alot everyone. We'll soon be announcing a little contest for our followers so stay tuned, stay updated.⋯⋯ #HondaPowerProducts #Pakistan #LetsMakeTheLifeEasier 更多Honda Atlas Power Product Pvt Ltd · 1月9日 · Dear Honda fans from Islamabad, GOOD NEWS for you all! Our Dealers are offering FREE Battery and Self Starter with ER-2500 in Rs.59,900/- Available all over Pakistan. Visit the nearest outlet and buy now! #LetsMakeThePurchaseEasier #HondaPowerProduct #HondaGenerators #PakistanHonda Atlas Power Product Pvt Ltd · 1月9日 · Dear Honda fans from Peshawar,  GOOD NEWS! Our Dealers are offering FREE Battery and Self Starter with ER-2500 in Rs.59,900/- Available all over Pakistan. Visit the nearest outlet and buy now! #LetsMakeThePurchaseEasier #HondaPowerProduct #HondaGenerators #PakistanHonda Atlas Power Product Pvt Ltd · 1月9日 · For all the fans from Lahore,  GOOD NEWS! Our Dealers are offering FREE Battery and Self Starter with ER-2500 in Rs.59,900/- Available all over Pakistan. Visit the nearest outlet and buy now! #LetsMakeThePurchaseEasier #HondaPowerProduct #HondaGenerators #PakistanHonda Atlas Power Product Pvt Ltd · 1月9日 · This is for all the Honda Fans in Karachi and Hyderabad, GOOD NEWS! Our Dealers are offering FREE Battery and Self Starter with ER-2500 in Rs.59,900/- Available all over Pakistan. Visit the nearest outlet and buy now!  #LetsMakeThePurchaseEasier #HondaPowerProduct #HondaGenerators #PakistanHonda Atlas Power Product Pvt Ltd 分享了影片。 · 1月4日 · 由 Honda Atlas Power Product Pvt Ltd 張貼481 次觀看481 次觀看Honda Atlas Power Product Pvt Ltd · 2015年1月15日 · Honda Atlas Power Product Pvt Ltd · 2016年12月26日 · Dear Fans,  Good News for you all.  Honda Power Products will soon be announcing a Contest in the upcoming days!  Are you ready for it? :) #HondaPowerProductsPakistanHonda Atlas Power Product Pvt Ltd · 2016年12月16日 · Dear fans,  Please Visit our website for the details regarding our Products http://www.hondapower.net.pk/  #HondaPowerProductsPakistanHonda Atlas Power Product Pvt Ltd · 2016年12月15日 · - Rated Output  3.2 kVA - Consumption  2.0 litre / hour - Tank Capacity  24 liters - Engine                  GX270H - Noise Level          97(70 dB)⋯⋯ - Dry Weight          71 kg 更多Honda Atlas Power Product Pvt Ltd · 2016年12月13日 · Specifications of ER2500CX - Rated Output  2 kVA - Consumption  1.15 litre / hour - Tank Capacity  15 liters - Engine                   GX160H1⋯⋯ - Noise Level           65 dB - Dry Weight           45 kg 更多Honda Atlas Power Product Pvt Ltd · 2016年12月12日 · Specifications of GX-120  - Bore x Stroke:                         60 x 42 mm - Engine type:                            Air cooled 4-stroke OHV engine - Displacement:                         118 cm3 - Net Power:⋯⋯   (in accordance with SAEJ1349)  2.6KW (3.5 PS)/3,600 rpm - Max. Net Torqe:    (in accordance with SAEJ1349)   7.3 N.m (0.74 Kgf.m)/2,500 rpm - Fuel consumption:                       1.0 L/h at 3,600 rpm - Dimensions (L x W x H)              297 x 341 x318 mm - Dry Weight:                                12.9 kg - Tank Capacity:                            2.5 litres - Oil Capacity:                               0.6 litres 更多Honda Atlas Power Product Pvt Ltd 分享了相片。 · 2016年12月12日 · Honda Atlas Power Product Pvt Ltd · 2016年12月7日 · Dear Fans, Honda Power Products are also available at RUBA Digital Outlets on Cash Installments throughout Pakistan. For Further queries, Call our Customer Cont⋯⋯act Centre: +92-21 3431-1691 #LetsMakeThePurchaseEasier #HondaPowerProductsPakistan 更多查看更多








A marketing analysis of Atlas Honda Limited

















 
















UKessays
TRUSTED BY STUDENTS SINCE 2003



 0115 966 7955
Today's Opening Times 09:00 - 21:00 (BST)



























A marketing analysis of Atlas Honda Limited


 Print



 Reference this


APA

MLA

MLA-7

Harvard

Vancouver

Wikipedia




Published:

23rd March, 2015 

This essay has been submitted by a student. This is not an example of the work written by our professional essay writers.
Atlas Honda Limited (AHL) is a joint venture between the Atlas Group and Honda Motor Co. Ltd. Japan. AHL came into existence in 1988 by the merger of Atlas Autos and Pnjdarya Limited. The manufacturing and marketing of Honda motorcycles done by AHL is through Honda Motor Company. Various components are also manufactured in-house with the collaboration of leading parts manufacturers like Nippon Dense, Toyo Denso and Showa Atsumitech. It is said that Honda Motorcycles are the largest selling motorcycles in the country and have good reputation for high quality and after sales services.
Vision
"To be a market leader in the motorcycle industry, emerging as a globally competitive centre of production and exports.
Mission
"A dynamic growth oriented company through market leadership, excellence in quality and service and maximizing export, ensuring attractive returns to equity holders, rewarding associates according to their ability and performance, fostering a network of engineers and researchers ensuing unique contribution to the development of the industry, customer satisfaction and protection of the environment by producing emission friendly green products as a good corporate citizen fulfilling its social responsibilities in all respects.
Quality Policy
Commitment to provide high quality motorcycles & parts
Right work in first attempt and on time
Maintain and continuously improve quality
Training of manpower and acquisition of latest technology
Safe, clean and healthy environment
Market leadership and prosperity for all" [i] 
Production Facilities
AHL has two manufacturing plants in Pakistan and are located in Sheikhupura and Karachi. AHL has made a number of ventures/technical assistance agreements between local and foreign manufacturers to enhance its production facilities.
Exports:
AHL does exports but at a limited level in limited countries. The exports are made to:
Bangladesh
Afghanistan
Culture:
The culture in Honda is based upon 3 Rs i.e.
Respect
Recognition
Reward
Marketing Department:
Marketing department at Honda Atlas is divided into six regions:
Lahore
Rawalpindi
Faisalabad
Multan
Raheemyaar Khan (Central Region)
Karachi
Departments under Marketing:
Marketing department consists of 5 sub-departments i.e.
Sales
Dealer Development
Service and customer care.
Parts
Institutional Sales and Exports (also handles Advertisement department)
The hierarchy is a blend of horizontal and vertical structure. GM is the head of all the marketing sections. (Sales, parts, service etc). Every section has its own National Manager (e.g. Each for Sales, Parts, and Service etc). Each NM has different Regional Managers representing different.
Concept of "S":
The word "S" stands for 'Service'. This term is used to identify the nature and type of services a dealer is providing.
3S concept:
'3S' is used for a dealer who is providing any 3 services under one roof. i.e. Sales, Service and Parts.
5S concept:
To make the product more affordable and attractive, Honda upgraded the 3S concept to 5S concept. In this new concept, 2 more service elements were introduced i.e. Leasing and Exchange system. This structure also requires enhanced area for the shop.
Exclusive Installment Dealer:
It includes dealers dealing in lease only. Such dealers do not take any advance, and charge around 35% on leasing.
Smart Point of Sales:
Customers who are equidistant from 2 dealers can go to either. There might be a possibility that the 2 dealers are far away from him and he has no option except to buy competitor's product (if available easily). Honda has coped it by opening a branch of a nearby dealer in that area. The reason might also be unavailability of a new investor in that particular area. Honda probably will not look for a 5S or any other new dealer as if there is not much potential in the market but Honda won't let the untapped market go for the competitors.
Institutional Sales:
Institutional sales section is made for looking after sales for institutions (mostly Government). The exports are also headed by this department.
Service Network:
Service Dealer: Process the service cards given to customers.
Antenna dealer: Antenna Dealer is above service dealer. He handles the claim.
4 Stroke Mechanics: Below service dealers, there are 4 stroke mechanics. These are simple mechanics, Honda picked them and arrange training camps to train them and named them '4 stroke mechanics'.
Furthermore, Honda urges its dealers to upgrade and invest in their shops by giving certain incentives.
Sales Forecasting:
Sales department do the forecasting monthly, yearly, 5 yearly and 10 yearly and is flexible enough to cater any change. It has many factors to consider (+ alpha, - alpha) as Pakistani market is very uncertain.
Customer Care and Safety:
It is a part of service department. This department often takes different safety steps to promote Honda e.g.
Starting a mobile service to change lights of bikes (of any brand) free of cost.
Training of all traffic wardens is done by Honda.
Antenna Dealer:
Antenna dealers are also called warrantee dealers. Warrantee claims are done through these dealers. If any bike is in warrantee and causing any problem or have breakage, the customer can claim the warrantee to the antenna dealers who then process the warrantee to Honda by checking the part and ensure that claim is valid. Then replace the part, entering the nature of the problem in the SAP and send the defected part to training and warrantee centre that then send it to the quality department. These dealers are experienced, educated and exclusively trained.
Antenna dealers are of 2 types i.e. Exclusive Antenna Dealers (Only for warrantee claims. Where many more dealers are also present e.g. in Lahore) and 5S warrantee dealers (those dealers who are the only dealer in town)
Corporate Social Responsibility:
AHL has put a strong focus on responsibility towards the society. AHL have a feeling that it is its duty to protect the environment so it's all production facilities and departments are environment friendly. Also, the company is highest tax payer in Pakistan.
Product Information:
AHL is engaged in manufacturing two types of products, which are
Motorcycle
Spare Parts
AHL has introduced elegant and durable 4 models with 4 strokes. Currently AHL produces:
Honda CD70
Honda CD100
Honda CG125
Honda CG125 Deluxe
Project description:
We have selected this project with the consent of Honda Management. This is a research based project. First phase of this project is a Thorough Market research. Honda CD-70 is well known brand in market and contributing major share to the company. Honda CD-100 and CG-125 Deluxe are the models, which are not performing at desired level. Through this market research, we measured the perception and awareness of customers about Honda CD-100, CG-125 and CG-125 Deluxe. And after getting insights from this research, we have developed an integrated marketing communication plan for the company to promote these models in order to increase the sales and market share in their respective categories.
1. Problem definition and Research Objectives:
Problem Statement:
Atlas Honda's more than 50% sales come from Honda CD-70. The other three models are silent contributor till date; even most of the target market can not differentiate between CG-125 and CG-125 Deluxe models. We want to find the basic reason behind that, as well as to propose a detailed communication plan.
Objectives of the Study:
Market Research through customer survey to study the awareness level of customers regarding CD-100, CG-125 and CG-125 Deluxe.
Integrated marketing communication plan for creating and enhancing awareness about these models.
Significance of the Study:
It will help the readers to know the consumer awareness level and perception about different brands of Atlas Honda.
The report will also highlight the positive as well as negative points of Honda bikes as well as of some other brands and competitors and will show the reasons behind preferring a particular bike.
Company has assigned a portion of their budgets for advertising but they are not getting the response of the same magnitude. Hence this study will help the company to determine their weaknesses in capturing the minds of customers.
Communication plan which we are going to propose will help the company to create awareness about different models of Atlas Honda motorcycles among their target customers.
2. Research Plan:
Data Sources:
Primary sources: Questionnaire survey and Focus Group
Secondary sources: Company data and interviews from the dealers
Research Approaches:
We are aiming to measure the awareness level and perception about Atlas Honda motorcycles therefore this study is qualitative in nature and we have undertaken surveys and focus groups as well.
Qualitative method helped to gather opinions of respondents about their awareness and perception about Honda motorcycles and some other brands also; it has also generated ideas regarding the improvements that should be made in order to make their bikes better in the minds of target audience.
Research Instrument:
The research instrument for the survey is
Questionnaire (included open-ended as well as close-ended questions)
Focus groups.
Questionnaire is interviewer filled. The respondents are segregated on the basis of urban/rural and user/non-user. Through first question, respondents are asked about the brand and model they are currently using. In second question, interviewer lists down the names of models of Honda motorcycle about which respondent have knowledge. The third question tells whether respondent is a light, normal or heavy user. In the fourth question, interviewer asks about various attributes to rank among models for which respondents have the knowledge. The fifth question tells the important attributes that are considered for bike purchase. The sixth question check which groups/factors influence the buying decision of respondent. And finally the questionnaire checks the media consumption habits of the respondents.
The focus group is included to get insight about different models of Honda motorcycles, that how people perceive about these models, what terms they regularly use for different attributes of motorcycles and what problems are they facing from various models of motorcycles.
For focus group, we invited some motorcycle users to be the part of our focus group. One focus group is conducted in Faisal town, Lahore, and the other one is at Honda service dealer, Sheikhupura.
Sampling Plan:
The non Probability multistage sampling has been adopted for the research purposes. First with Convenient Sampling method we conveniently selected Lahore city and its surrounding rural areas. Then we put a quota of 50 percent for urban motorcycles and 50 percent for rural users.
Sampling Unit:
The sample is divided on the following basis:
Urban/Rural
User/Non User
Sample Size:
We have selected a sample size of 200 for this survey.
Sampling Procedure:
Implimentation:
The research is conducted in the region of Lahore, and surrounding regions of Gujranwala, Sheikhupura and Kasur. The details are as follows:
Lahore: Garhi Shahu, Shalimar Town, Faisal Town, Punjab University, Islampura, Cantt, Samanabad, Maragzar, Iqbal Town, GT Road, Gulberg 2.
Gujranwala surroundings: Hafizabad Road, Joiyyan Wala Morr, Laddhiyan wala, Noshera Virkha Road, Qila Miyan Singh, Phatomand Pind, Mureedke.
Sheikhupura surroundings: Fransisabad, Sheikhupura bypass, Sheikhupura Lahore Road).
Kasur surroundings: Kahna nu, Kasur Road, Mustafa Abad. 





Request Removal
If you are the original writer of this essay and no longer wish to have the essay published on the UK Essays website then please click on the link below to request removal:




 Request the removal of this essay


More from UK Essays

Marketing Essay Writing Service
Essays
More Marketing Essays
Examples of Our Work
Marketing Dissertation Examples


Interested in ordering?




















Marketing Essays | Free Essays on Marketing






 




 
















UKessays
TRUSTED BY STUDENTS SINCE 2003



 0115 966 7955
Today's Opening Times 09:00 - 21:00 (BST)























Marketing Essays
Search to find a specific marketing essay:









 Back to Essays Index



Strategic Marketing Management - Sainsburys
 
Introduction
J Sainsbury plc is a huge UK based food retailer with interest in financial services. Its chain of supermarkets has survived the challenges of competitive...



13 Pages (4,841 Words) - Last Modified:
24th July, 2017




Essay on Maggi
Background - Maggi Noodles
"In the last 20 years we have Just asked 2 minutes of your time". The Brand which clearly comes to mind on...



4 Pages (1,599 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




IKEA Franchising Strategy
IKEA is an international home furniture company that selling the wide ranges of well-designed and functional products which packed in form of ready-to-assemble. According to...



10 Pages (3,983 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Power of Advertising Essay
Advertising is a form of communication intended to influence an audience to buy or take some action upon products, services or ideals. It includes the...



7 Pages (2,520 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Communication in Banking Sector
Developing a proper communication strategy in a banking sector must be built in the context of the customers expectations. In the current time, banking organizations...



4 Pages (1,542 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




CSR in the Fast Food Industry
All organizations have different devinitions between CSR (corporate social responsibility Coporation), but significant similarity with them.Â Mallen Baker on the "definition of CSR is that" as...



7 Pages (2,751 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Apple Competitive Advantage Case Study
"A competitive advantage is an advantage over competitors gained by offering consumers greater value, either by means of lower prices or by providing greater benefits...



3 Pages (981 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Theories of Consumer Decision Making
The concept of consumer buying behaviour is not new, it has been discovered ages ago .The current marketing strategies focuses on consumers buying behaviour. The...



11 Pages (4,118 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Niche Market vs Mainstream Market
A niche market is a focused, targetable portion of a market. Niche markets tend to be small but well defined and specific segments of the...



8 Pages (3,025 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Influence of Culture on Multinational Companies
Abstract
This report provides with the evidence for deriving the analysis on the cultural influence on the multinational corporations while dealing with the cross-national markets. On...



6 Pages (2,167 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Emirates Airways Customer Perception
For this project, we have used both primary and secondary data. As part of our primary data, a survey questionnaire was created and handed out...



17 Pages (6,594 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Four Seasons Competitive Advantage
The firm creates value by performing a series of activities that Porter identified as the value chain. To achieve a competitive advantage, Four Seasons must...



6 Pages (2,282 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Starbucks Micro and Macro Environment
For any organisation survival depends on its surrounding environment located. It means the trends in political, economical, social, technological, environmental and legal environment, which can...



6 Pages (2,248 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Rolex Company Analysis
This report is about the research on a premium product brand on the market. The premium product out team agrees to choose is the Rolex...



6 Pages (2,071 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Benefits of Brand Positioning
Positioning is what you stand for in the mind of the market. Brand positioning is a strategic approach to establishing a sustainable competitive advantage. Achieving...



3 Pages (1,126 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Cadbury Business Analysis
Cadbury, a brand well known and loved by millions around the world, had a very humble beginning. It began with the opening of a grocer's...



8 Pages (2,822 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Nokia Strategic Plan
In this project I have covered various topics of marketing which are strategic planning, strategic planning process, the domestic strategic planning while the international strategic...



8 Pages (2,908 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Tesco Value Proposition
INTRODUCTION
The purpose of this report was to critically evaluate the value proposition of Tesco Plc to its customers. Given information about the target customers of...



5 Pages (1,765 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Vodafone Strategy Analysis
Jump to: Vodafone Business Strategy | Internal and External Analysis | Strategy Evaluation | Strategy Implementation | Conclusion
1.0 INTRODUCTION
This report...



13 Pages (4,831 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Marks and Spencer Internal and External Factors
Analysts did not expect there to be a "double-dip" recession first, but changes in consumer spending trends raised concerns for keeping a keen eye on...



6 Pages (2,111 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Valchromat Pros and Cons
This is our report on our exploration of a manufactured board known as Valchromat. Valchromat is a unique and high quality wood fibre board that...



7 Pages (2,417 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




IKEA Competitive Positioning
This report critically analyses the competitive position of IKEA which has led to its success and failures over the past five decades. IKEA has been...



8 Pages (2,982 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Cadbury Strategic Analysis
The individual report assesses the critical aspects of the strategic choices available to Cadbury. Recommendations are given to assess the company's perspectives on the revenue...



9 Pages (3,427 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Lush Company Structure
As an entrepreneurial venture, Lush company is acknowledged as the successful cosmetic retailer which is created by Mark and Mo Constantine in Poole, Dorset, United...



6 Pages (2,095 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Knorr Soup Marketing Analysis
Knorr product is sold in 87 countries their punch line is 'Good Food Matters 'only soup in India which has 18%growth.It holds a majority of...



4 Pages (1,554 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Tropicana Marketing Strategy
Not many people know about the benefits of drinking juices. The core marketing strategy should be to make people aware the benefits and additional advantages...



3 Pages (1,148 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Shampoo Market Analysis
The shampoo market is one of the fastest moving and innovative sectors of the FMCG market. It represents 35 of the EU hair-care market and...



8 Pages (3,122 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




SWOT Analysis Manchester United
Introduction
The football industry in United Kingdom is booming and outwardly been successful in the past years. The research and strategic planing will be based on...



6 Pages (2,060 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




ZARA SWOT and Competitor Analysis
In this age of advanced media and technology, where customers are flooded with marketing messages all the time, it is very hard for the businesses...



11 Pages (4,229 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Adidas Product Life Cycle
The product life cycle concept may apply to our product, Adidas Deep Energy Deodorant. The product life cycle concept helps our marketing managers to plan...



3 Pages (1,015 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Louis Vuitton Expansion Strategy
Operating in 59 countries, Louis Vuitton is the largest global luxury brand in the world. It is a member of the Louis Vuitton Mo&euml;t Hennessy...



5 Pages (1,860 Words) - Last Modified:
21st July, 2017




Customer Relationship Management of Coca Cola
Customer relationship management is managing the interactions between theÂ customers, clients ,sales prospects and the company. CRM needs technology to organise sales activities, marketing, technical support...



6 Pages (2,337 Words) - Last Modified:
20th July, 2017




Britannia Industries Problems
Britannia begins with the business producing electricity. Britannia mechanized its operations, and in 1921, it became the first company in Asia using imported gas ovens....



10 Pages (3,608 Words) - Last Modified:
20th July, 2017




McDonald's Global Expansion
Companies all over the globe are looking for expansion and ways of entering new markets which are profitable through different entry modes (Deresky, 2006). Managers...



6 Pages (2,191 Words) - Last Modified:
20th July, 2017




Types of Personal Selling
It is used as visualized, when you see a printed or sound based advertisement, you can remember those advertisement for long in your mind.
E.g.: Print...



6 Pages (2,152 Words) - Last Modified:
20th July, 2017















