


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Visitors Insurance, Travel Health Insurance USA - VisitorsInsurance.com



































 info@visitorsinsurance.com











  
 Any questions  please call
1.800.344.9540 (Toll Free - USA / Canada) 1.847.897.5120  ( Local )















Home(current)

Travel Visitor Products







Core Products

Visitors Insurance Plans
Pre-existing Condition Plans
Green card / Immigrant Plans
US Citizens Traveling Abroad
Long term int'l Insurance (H1/L1)
Int'l Group Travel Insurance





Specialty Products


Schengen Visa Travel Insurance
Student Insurance(F1/J1 & OPT)
US Student Study Abroad Plan
Trip cancellation/Interruption
Missionary Medical Insurance





Domestic Plans

Major Medical ACA Plans
Short Term Medical Plans
Dental & Vision Insurance
Term & Universal Life Insurance





Employee Benefits for IT Companies


Low Cost Group Insurance (H1/B1 Emp) 

Group Insurance for IT Companies 







Client Resources







Find a PPO Doctor/Hospital

IMG PPO Network
Tokiomarine HCC PPO network
Azimuth Risk PPO Network
Seven Corners PPO Network
Trawick International PPO Network
IMG Int’l Doctors/Hospitals list





Renewal Links

IMG Renewal
Tokiomarine HCC Plans Renewal
Seven Corners Renewal
Trawick International Renewal





Claim Forms


IMG Claim Form 
Tokiomarine HCC Plans Claim form

Medex plans Claim form 

Azimuth Risk Solution Claim Form 

Seven Corners Claim Form 

Trawick International Claim Form 





Other Links


Print IMG ID card 
IMG Embassy Visa Letter 
Trawick Int'l Partial Refund Form
Become a subagent 
FAQs







About Us
Contact Us







Atlas Travel® Insurance
                    Comprehensive plan without sub limits













Atlas Travel® Insurance 
Get Quote Apply Online








For international travel, Atlas Travel® Insurance provides customizable coverage for travelers looking to cover specific needs while abroad.
International travel can represent financial risk. The benefits of many standard medical insurance policies do not apply beyond the borders of your home country. An Atlas Travel® Insurance
                                        plan can be the difference between a trip ruined by unexpected illness or injury, versus a trip with access to quality care and financial help if the unexpected strikes.
HCC has developed two Atlas Travel® plans that offer a complete package of international benefits available 24 hours a day. Atlas America® provides coverage for non-U.S. citizens traveling outside their home country while Atlas International provides coverage for US citizens traveling outside their home country.
Important things you should know about Atlas Visitors Insurance
There are many different types of insurance policies that are around today, but one of the best ones you can try out is the Atlas America Visitor Insurance policy. The medical insurance policy is available to visitors in the United States, as well as all foreign tourists who are traveling to the United States for business or for leisure. There is massive demand for this travel insurance package, because it is available for new immigrants in the United States, as well as international students, and overseas travelers as well.



 
Read More











Important Links


 Brochure
 Application



Find a Doctor/Hospital
Claim Form
Renewal
Policy Wording
Cancellation & Refund policy
Excluded/Eligibility of States of Residence









Customer Support






Toll Free
 1-800-344-9540







Local
 1-847-897-5120




Please call us if you need more information about Visitors Insurance plans or Other plans which we offer










Benefits
Rates 
Exclusions
Claims
FAQS






BENEFIT
LIMIT


Deductibles
$0, $100, $250, $500, $1,000 or $2,500 per certificate period


Coinsurance – Claims incurred in U.S. or Canada
For the certificate period, underwriters will pay 80% of the next $5,000 of 
                                            eligible expenses after the deductible, then 100% to the overall maximum 
                                            limit. Coinsurance will be waived if expenses are incurred within the PPO 
                                            and expenses are submitted to underwriters for review and payment 
                                            directly to the provider.
                                        


Coinsurance – Claims incurred outside U.S. or Canada
For the certificate period, underwriters will pay 100% of eligible expenses after the 
                                            deductible up to the overall maximum limit


Hospital Room and Board
Average semi-private room rate, including nursing services


Local Ambulance
Usual, reasonable and customary charges, when covered illness or injury results in 
                                            hospitalization as inpatient


Intensive Care Unit
Usual, reasonable and customary charges


Emergency Room Copayment
In addition to coinsurance, the member shall be responsible for a $200 
                                            copayment for each use of emergency room for an illness unless the 
                                            member is admitted to the hospital. There will be no copayment for 
                                            emergency room treatment of an injury.


Urgent Care Center
For each visit, the member shall be responsible for a $50 copayment, after 
                                            which coinsurance will apply. Not subject to deductible.


Hospital Indemnity
$100  per  day  of  inpatient  hospitalization  (not  subject  to  deductible  or  coinsurance)


Physical Therapy
$50 maximum per day


All Other Eligible Medical Expenses
Usual, reasonable and customary charges


Acute Onset of Pre-existing Condition(excludes chronic and congenital conditions) (only available to members under age 70) 
 Overall maximum limit. $25,000 lifetime maximum for Emergency Medical Evacuation.


Emergency Dental (acute onset of pain)
$250 limit per certificate period (not subject to deductible or  
                                            coinsurance)


Emergency Medical Evacuation
$1,000,000 lifetime maximum, except as provided under acute onset of preexisting 
                                            condition (not subject to deductible or coinsurance)



                                            Return of Minor Children

                                            $50,000 per certificate period (not subject to deductible or coinsurance)
                                            Repatriation of Remains
                                            Overall maximum limit (not subject to deductible or coinsurance)


Pet  Return
Up to $1,000 to return a traveling pet home if member is hospitalized


Repatriation of Remains
Overall maximum limit (not subject to deductible or coinsurance)



                                            Emergency Reunion
                                        
                                            $50,000 limit per certificate period, subject to a maximum of 15 days  
                                            (not subject to deductible or coinsurance)


         
                                            Natural Disaster

                                            Maximum $100 a day for 5 days (not subject to deductible or coinsurance)



                                            Trip Interruption
                                        

                                            $5,000 limit per certificate period (not subject to deductible or coinsurance)



                                            Trip Delay
                                        

                                            $100 for a 12-hour delay requiring an unplanned overnight stay (2 days maximum).



                                            Lost Checked Luggage
                                        

                                            $500 limit per certificate period (not subject to deductible or coinsurance)
                                        



                                            Political Evacuation
                                        

                                            $10,000 lifetime maximum (not subject to deductible or coinsurance)
                                        



                                            Terrorism
                                        

                                            $50,000 maximum lifetime limit, eligible medical expenses only



                                            Accidental Death and Dismemberment 
                                            (excludes loss due to common carrier accident; $250,000 
                                            maximum benefit per any one family or group) 

                                            Not subject to deductible or coinsurance
                                        



                                            Members up to age 18
                                        

                                            Lifetime max. - $5,000; Death - $5,000; Loss of 2 limbs - $5,000; Loss of 1 limb - $2,500
                                        



                                            Members under age 18 through 69
                                        

                                            Lifetime max. - $50,000; Death - $50,000; Loss of 2 limbs - $50,000; Loss of 1 limb - $25,000
                                            Optional Accidental Death & Dismemberment buy-up of $50,000 to Lifetime max. $100,000
                                        



                                            Members under age 70 through 74
                                        

                                            Lifetime max. - $12,500; Death - $12,500; Loss of 2 limbs - $12,500; Loss of 1 limb - $6,250
                                        



                                            Members under age 75 and older
                                        

                                            Lifetime max. - $6,250; Death - $6,250; Loss of 2 limbs - $6,250; Loss of 1 limb - $3,125
                                        



                                            Common Carrier Accidental Death
                                            ($250,000 maximum benefit per any one family or group)
                                        

                                            Not subject to deductible or coinsurance
                                            Up to age 18 - $25,000 per member; Age 18 through 69 - $50,000 per member;
                                            Age 70 to 74 - $12,500 per member; Age 75 and older - $6,250
                                        



                                            Overall Maximum Limit Per Certificate Period
                                        

                                            Age 80 or older - $10,000; Age 70 to 79 - $50,000 or $100,000;
                                            All others - $50,000, $100,000, $200,000, $500,000 or $1,000,000

                                        



                                            Crisis Response
                                        

                                            $10,000 limit per certificate period;  Includes access to Unity Crisis Group services.
                                            Optional Crisis Response buy-up of $90,000 to Lifetime max. $100,000

                                        



                                            Personal Liability
                                        

                                            $10,000 lifetime maximum.
                                            Optional Personal Liability buy-up of $90,000 to Lifetime max. $100,000

                                        



                                            Bedside Visit
                                        

                                            $1,500 (economy ticket for family member to visit if member admitted to ICU).

                                        





Certain types of medical expenses are excluded from coverage under Atlas Travel® insurance. Some exclusions are listed here. Refer the Description of Coverage for the complete list of exclusions.

Pre-existing conditions — charges resulting directly or indirectly from any pre-existing condition, as herein defined, are excluded from this insurance unless it is a sudden and unexpected outbreak or recurrence that is of short duration and requires urgent care. Under Atlas Travel®, no coverage is available for known, scheduled, required, or expected medical care, drugs, or treatments existent or necessary prior to the effective date of coverage.
Routine medical examinations
Routine pre-natal care, pregnancy, child birth, and post-natal care
Medical expenses for injury or illness resulting from participation in extreme sports (see Description of Coverage for full list of excluded sports).



 



Does Atlas Travel® provide any coverage while I am in my home country?
Atlas Travel® does offer medical expense coverage in your home country in the following situations:

                                                Benefit Period –Atlas Travel® will cover eligible medical expenses in the member’s home country for 90 days after the beginning of treatment so long as the related illness or injury began while the certificate was still in effect and treatment began while the member was outside their home country.

                                                Incidental Home Country Coverage – For U.S. citizens, medical expenses are only covered during incidental trips home totaling no more than 15 days per three-month period of coverage. Incidental visit time must be used within the three-month period earned, and the member must continue his or her international trip in order to be eligible for this benefit. Medical expenses for non-U.S. citizens will be covered up to a maximum of 30 days for any three-month period. Medical expenses incurred in your home country will not be covered if your purpose for returning to your home country is to obtain treatment of an illness or injury that began while traveling. 
Will Atlas Travel® cover me on trips of a year or longer?
For non-U.S. citizens or residents whose travel does not include the U.S. or U.S. territories, the maximum coverage duration is 365 days. Additionally, coverage may be renewed up to 2 additional coverage periods. Coverage renewal requires satisfaction of a new deductible and coinsurance. Renewals may be filed through the Client Zone.
                                                For all other travelers, the maximum duration is 364 days, and coverage is not renewable. 
How do I cancel my Atlas Travel® coverage?
You may submit a written cancellation request to HCCMIS prior to the effective date of coverage for a full refund. If HCCMIS receives the cancellation request following the effective date of coverage, only the unused portion of premium will be refunded. A $25 cancellation fee will apply.
Will Atlas Travel® cover multiple trips? 
No. Atlas Travel® coverage is purchased for a duration you specify and applies to a single trip only. For coverage that applies to multiple trips, our Atlas MultiTrip™ product may work for you. 
Are there any countries not covered in my Atlas Travel® plan? 
Yes. Certain travel restrictions declared by the U.S. State Department, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), and certain OFAC sanctions, affect Atlas Travel® coverage.
Who is eligible for an Atlas Travel® insurance plan?
Anyone who is at least 14 days old and traveling internationally is eligible for coverage. . Policies must cover a minimum of five days; however, travel is not required for all five days. Applicants under age 70 may select an overall maximum limit ranging from $50,000 to $1,000,000. The overall maximum limit for members age 70 - 79 is $100,000, and the overall maximum limit for members over age 80 is $10,000 ($20,000 under Atlas Premium).
If I purchase an Atlas Travel® Insurance plan, when does coverage become effective, and when does it end?
Your Atlas Travel® insurance coverage becomes effective on the latest of:

the moment we receive your application and correct premium (if application and payment is made online or by fax)
12:01am on the date we receive your application and payment (if application and payment are made by mail)
the moment you depart from your home country
12:01am on the date you request on your application

Your coverage will end on the earliest of:

11:59pm on the last day of the period for which you have paid a premium,
11:59pm on the date requested on your application,
the moment of your arrival upon return to your home country (unless you have started a benefit period or are eligible for home country coverage)


Is Atlas Travel® extendable?
Following the initial purchase, Atlas Travel® coverage may be extended up to 364 days past the original effective date of coverage. Extension does not require satisfaction of a new deductible or coinsurance. File all extensions through the HCCMIS Client Zone with payment by credit card.
Will Atlas Travel® cover my dependents?
Yes.  You may purchase Atlas Travel® coverage for your spouse and any number of additional dependents. 
What is covered under the Atlas Travel® insurance plan?
To see an overview of the benefits provided under Atlas Travel® insurance coverage, please review our Atlas Travel® Insurance Coverage page. 
How do I extend or renew my Atlas Travel® insurance coverage?
After your initial purchase, you may extend your coverage (5 day minimum) up to a maximum of 364 days from the initial effective date. Provided there is no break in coverage, you will not be required to re-satisfy the Deductible and Coinsurance nor will benefit limits be reset. If you are covered under Atlas International, after 364 days of continuous coverage you may renew your coverage for up to two additional coverage periods. Deductible and Coinsurance must be re-satisfied as of each renewal date. If a new application is required, then you must re-satisfy your Deductible, Coinsurance and Pre-existing Condition provisions.
Extensions or renewals must be made online in the Client Zone with payment by credit card.

How do I extend my Atlas Travel® Insurance?

Follow the below instructions to EXTEND your Atlas Travel® medical insurance plan:

Go to the HCC Client Zone at: https://zone.hccmis.com/clientzone/
To login, you will need to enter your Certificate/ID number (ID #) and your password.  If you don’t know your password, click the “forgot password“? button and enter your Certificate ID (ID #) and your date of birth.  Click “Login.“?
Click "Extend Coverage".?
Enter the extension of coverage date. Click “Recalculate.“? Click “Proceed to Payment Page.“?
Enter payment information.  Click “Extend My Coverage.“?
The email you enter in the payment information will receive coverage confirmation. 











      






 
LIFE INSURANCE QUOTES 
                            IN 3 EASY STEPS



 BECOME OUR SUBAGENT 



IMG-POLICY RENEWAL LINK










     



 

10-K: ATLAS AMERICA PUBLIC #10 LTD. - MarketWatch




























































Latest News










Dow

21,580
-31.71
-0.15%






Nasdaq

6,388
-2.25
-0.04%






S&P 500

2,473
-0.91
-0.04%









7:41 P.M. ET


                                  Goodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
                                





 
7:18 P.M. ET


                                  How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
                                





 
6:58 P.M. ET


                                  Amazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
                                





 
6:45 P.M. ET


                                  Hawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
                                





 
6:23 P.M. ET


                                   California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
                                





 
6:19 P.M. ET


                                  Spicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
                                





 
6:19 P.M. ET


Updated
      Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
                                





 
6:09 P.M. ET


Updated
      If you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich
                                





 
6:07 P.M. ET


Updated
      5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
                                





 
6:06 P.M. ET


Updated
      This is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
                                





 
6:05 P.M. ET


Updated
      If, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly walk out — what should you do next?
                                





 
5:36 P.M. ET


                                  A History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows
                                





 
5:13 P.M. ET


                                  Are you a money bully?
                                





 
5:10 P.M. ET


                                  How real-estate TV shows determine what home buyers look for and what to do if you decide to quit your job like Sean Spicer
                                





 
5:06 P.M. ET


Updated
      Wall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
                                





 
5:06 P.M. ET


Updated
      Why it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
                                





 
5:06 P.M. ET


Updated
      This is what should really worry you about stocks
                                





 
5:03 P.M. ET


Updated
      Beware of the curse of the number 7 in the stock market 
                                





 
5:00 P.M. ET


                                  S&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower
                                





 
4:51 P.M. ET


                                  Two-thirds of U.S. investors think stocks are overvalued
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-K: ATLAS AMERICA PUBLIC #10 LTD.
    








    By

Published: Mar 31, 2014 10:26 a.m. ET

Share


















































 



 






















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  The discussion and analysis presented below provides information to assist in understanding our financial condition and results of operations. This discussion should be read in conjunction with ("item 8:Financial Statements and Supplementary Data"), which contains our financial statements.  The following discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statements were made. The matters discussed in these forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those made, projected or implied in the forward-looking statements. We believe the assumptions underlying the financial statements are reasonable. However, our financial statements included herein may not necessarily reflect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows in the future.  BUSINESS OVERVIEW  Atlas America Public #10 LTD. ("we", "us", or "the Partnership") is a Pennsylvania limited partnership and was formed on July 5, 2001 with Atlas Resources, LLC serving as its managing general partner and operator ("Atlas Resources" or "MGP"). Atlas Resources is an indirect subsidiary of Atlas Resources Partners, L.P. ("ARP") 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    ARP, +0.00%
 We have drilled and currently operate wells located in Pennsylvania and Ohio. We have no employees and rely on our MGP for management, which in turn, relies on its ultimate parent company, Atlas Energy ("Atlas Energy") 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    ATLS, +12.38%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         for administrative services.  The following discussion provides information to assist in understanding our financial condition and results of operations. Our operating cash flows are generated from our wells, which primarily produce natural gas, but also some oil. Our produced natural gas and oil is then delivered to market through affiliated or third-party gas gathering systems. Our ongoing operating and maintenance costs have been and are expected to be fulfilled through revenues from the sale of our natural gas and oil production. We pay our MGP, as operator, a monthly well supervision fee, which covers all normal and regularly recurring operating expenses for the production and sale of natural gas and oil such as:  - Well tending, routine maintenance and adjustment;  - Reading meters, recording production, pumping, maintaining appropriate books and records; and  - Preparation of reports for us and government agencies.  The well supervision fees, however, do not include costs and expenses related to the purchase of certain equipment, materials, and brine disposal. If these expenses are incurred, we pay cost for third-party services, materials, and a competitive charge for service performed directly by our MGP or its affiliates. Also, beginning one year after each of our wells has been placed into production, our MGP, as operator, may retain $200 per month per well to cover the estimated future plugging and abandonment costs of the well. As of December 31, 2013, our MGP had not withheld any funds for this purpose. The MGP is currently evaluating its right to exercise this option based on several factors such as commodity prices, the natural decline in well production, and current future plugging services and costs.  MARKETS AND COMPETITION  The availability of a ready market for natural gas and oil produced by us, and the price obtained, depends on numerous factors beyond our control, including the extent of domestic production, imports of foreign natural gas and oil, political instability or terrorist acts in oil and gas producing countries and regions, market demand, competition from other energy sources, the effect of federal regulation on the sale of natural gas and oil in interstate commerce, other governmental regulation of the production and transportation of natural gas and oil and the proximity, availability and capacity of pipelines and other required facilities. Our MGP is responsible for selling our production. During 2013 and 2012, we experienced no problems in selling our natural gas and oil. Product availability and price are the principal means of competing in selling natural gas and oil production. While it is impossible to accurately determine our comparative position in the industry, we do not consider our operations to be a significant factor in the industry.  Natural Gas. We market the majority of our natural gas production to gas marketers directly or to third party plant operators who process and market our gas. The sales price of natural gas produced is a function of the market in the area and typically tied to a regional index. The pricing indices for the Appalachian Basin are Dominion South Point, Tennessee Gas Pipeline, and Transco Leidy Line.  We do not hold firm transportation obligations on any pipeline that requires payment of transportation fees regardless of natural gas production volumes. As is customary in certain of our other operating areas, we occasionally commit a predictable portion of monthly production to the purchaser in order to maintain a gathering agreement.  Crude Oil. Crude oil produced from our wells flows directly into leasehold storage tanks where it is picked up by an oil company or a common carrier acting for an oil company. The crude oil is typically sold at the prevailing spot market price for each region, less appropriate trucking charges. We do not have delivery commitments for fixed and determinable quantities of crude oil in any future periods under existing contracts or agreements.  For the year ended December 31, 2013, Chevron Natural Gas, Interstate Gas Supply, Inc., Castleton Commodities Merchant Trading L.P., and Energymark LLC accounted for approximately 35%, 16%, 14%, and 13%, respectively, of our total natural gas and oil production revenues, with no other single customer accounting for more than 10% for this period.  GENERAL TRENDS AND OUTLOOK  We expect our business to be affected by the following key trends. Our expectations are based on assumptions made by us and information currently available to us. To the extent our underlying assumptions about or interpretations of available information prove to be incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from our expected results.  The areas in which we operate are experiencing a significant increase in natural gas, oil and NGL production related to new and increased drilling for deeper natural gas formations and the implementation of new exploration and production techniques, including horizontal and multiple fracturing techniques. The increase in the supply of natural gas has put a downward pressure on domestic natural gas prices. While we anticipate continued high levels of exploration and production activities over the long-term in the areas in which we operate, fluctuations in energy prices can greatly affect production rates and investments by third parties in the development of new natural gas and oil reserves.  Our future production, cash flow, and our ability to make distributions to our unitholders, including the MGP, depend on our success in producing our current reserves efficiently. We face the challenge of natural production declines and volatile natural gas and oil prices. As initial reservoir pressures are depleted, natural gas production from particular wells decreases.  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  GAS AND OIL PRODUCTION: The following table sets forth information related to our production revenues, volumes, sales prices, production costs and depletion during the periods indicated:   Years Ended December 31, 2013 2012 Production revenues (in thousands): Gas $ 930 $ 736 Oil 55 69 Total $ 985 $ 805 Production volumes: Gas (mcf/day) 680 692 Oil (bbls/day) 2 2 Total (mcfe/day) 692 704 Average sales price: (1) Gas (per mcf) (2) $ 4.04 $ 3.44 Oil (per bbl) $ 93.40 $ 91.94 Production costs: As a percent of revenues 57 % 69 % Per mcfe $ 2.22 $ 2.15 Depletion per mcfe $ 1.70 $ 1.42  (1) Average sales prices represent accrual basis pricing after reversing the effect of previously recognized gains resulting from prior period impairment charges.  (2) Average gas prices are calculated by including in total revenue derivative gains previously recognized into income in connection with prior period impairment charges and dividing by the total volume for the period. Previously recognized derivative gains were $73,400 and $136,000 for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  Natural Gas Revenues. Our natural gas revenues were $929,800 and $736,300 for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, an increase of $193,500 (26%). The $193,500 increase in natural gas revenues for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the prior year was attributable to a $208,600 increase in natural gas prices after the effect of financial hedges, which were driven by market conditions, partially offset by a $15,100 decrease in production volumes. Our production volumes decreased to 680 mcf per day for the year ended December 31, 2013 from 692 mcf per day for the year ended December 31, 2012, a decrease of 12 (2%) mcf per day. The price we receive for our natural gas is primarily a result of the index driven agreements (See Item 1 "Business-Contractual Revenue Arrangements"). Thus, the price we receive for our natural gas may vary significantly each month as the underlying index changes in response to market conditions. The decrease in production volume is mostly due to the normal decline inherent in the life of the wells.  Oil Revenues. We drill wells primarily to produce natural gas, rather than oil, but some wells have limited oil production. Our oil revenues were $54,900 and $68,600 for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, a decrease of $13,700 (20%). The $13,700 decrease in oil revenues for the year ended December 31, 2013 as compared to the prior year was attributable to a $14,600 decrease in production volumes, partially offset by a $900 increase in oil prices after the effect of financial hedges. Our production volumes decreased to 1.61 bbls per day for the year ended December 31, 2013 from 2.04 bbls per day for the year ended December 31, 2012, a decrease of 0.43 bbl per day (21%).  Costs and Expenses. Production expenses were $559,100 and $553,700 for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, an increase of $5,400 (1%). This increase was primarily due to an increase in transportation expense, partially offset by a decrease in repairs and maintenance and supervision fees.  Depletion of our oil and gas properties as a percentage of oil and gas revenues was 43% and 45% for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. These percentage changes were directly attributable to changes in revenues, oil and gas reserve quantities, product prices, production volumes and changes in the cost basis of oil and gas properties.  General and administrative expenses were $136,100 and $135,300 for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, an increase of $800 (0.5%). These expenses include third-party costs for services as well as the monthly administrative fees charged by our MGP and vary from period to period due to the timing of the costs and services provided to us.  There was no impairment of oil and gas properties for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012. Annually, we compare the carrying value of our proved developed oil and gas producing properties to their estimated fair market value. To the extent our carrying value exceeds the estimated fair market value, an impairment charge is recognized. As a result of this assessment, no impairment charges were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012. This charge is based on reserve quantities, future market prices and our carrying value. We cannot provide any assurance that similar charges may or may not be taken in future periods.  Liquidity and Capital Resources. Cash provided by operating activities increased $107,700 for the year ended December 31, 2013 to $387,500 as compared to $279,800 the year ended December 31, 2012. This increase was due to an increase in net earnings before depletion, asset impairment, and accretion of $173,600 and an increase in the change in accrued liabilities of $17,200, partially offset by a decrease in a non-cash loss on derivative value of $62,200 and a decrease in the change in accounts receivable trade-affiliate of $20,900 for the year ended December 31, 2013 compared to the year ended December 31, 2012.  Cash provided by investing activities was $6,000 during the year ended December 31, 2013 resulting from the sale of a well.  Cash used in financing activities increased $106,900 to $388,900 for the year ended December 31, 2013, from $282,000 for the year ended December 31, 2012. This increase was due to an increase in cash distributions to partners.  Our MGP may withhold funds for future plugging and abandonment costs. The MGP is currently evaluating its right to exercise this option based on several factors such as commodity prices, the natural decline in well production, and current future plugging services and costs. Through December 31, 2013, our MGP had not withheld any funds for this purpose. Any additional funds, if required, will be obtained from production revenues or borrowings from our MGP or its affiliates, which are not contractually committed to make loans to us. The amount that we may borrow may not at any time exceed 5% of our total subscriptions, and we will not borrow from third-parties.  We are generally limited to the amount of funds generated by the cash flow from our operations, which we believe is adequate to fund future operations and distributions to our partners. Historically, there has been no need to borrow funds from our MGP to fund operations.  Asset Impairment  There were no asset impairments recognized for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012. Asset impairment relates to the carrying amount of our gas and oil properties being in excess of our estimate of their fair value at December 31, 2013 and 2012. The estimate of fair value of these gas and oil properties was impacted by, among other factors, the deterioration of natural gas prices.  ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION  Our operations are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the release of regulated materials into the environment or otherwise relating to environmental protection or human health or safety (see "Item 1:  Environmental laws and regulations have changed substantially and rapidly over the last 25 years, and we anticipate that there will be continuing changes. Trends in environmental regulation include increased reporting obligations and placing more restrictions and limitations on activities, such as emissions of greenhouse gases and other pollutants, generation and disposal of wastes, including wastes that may have naturally occurring radioactivity, and use, storage and handling of chemical substances that may impact human health, the environment and/or endangered species. Other increasingly stringent environmental restrictions and limitations have resulted in increased operating costs for us and other similar businesses throughout the United States. It is possible that the costs of compliance with environmental laws and regulations may continue to increase. We will attempt to anticipate future regulatory requirements that might be imposed and to plan accordingly, but there can be no assurance that we will identify and properly anticipate each such change, or that our efforts will prevent material costs, if any, from rising.  CHANGES IN PRICES AND INFLATION  Our revenues and the value of our assets have been and will continue to be affected by changes in natural gas and oil market prices. Natural gas and oil prices are subject to significant fluctuations that are beyond our ability to control or predict.  Inflation affects the operating expenses of our operations. Inflationary trends may occur if commodity prices were to increase, since such an increase may cause the demand for energy equipment and services to increase, thereby increasing the costs of acquiring or obtaining such equipment and services. While we anticipate that inflation will affect our future operating costs, we cannot predict the timing or amounts of any such effects.  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires making estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of actual revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Although we base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, actual results may differ from the estimates on which our financial statements are prepared at any given point of time. Changes in these estimates could materially affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Significant items that are subject to such estimates and assumptions include revenue and expense accruals, depletion and amortization, asset impairment, fair value of derivative instruments, and the probability of forecasted transactions. We summarize our significant accounting policies within our financial statements included in ("item 8:Financial Statements") included in this report. The critical accounting policies and estimates we have identified are discussed below.  Depletion and Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  Long-Lived Assets. The cost of natural gas and oil properties, less estimated salvage value, is generally depleted on the units-of-production method.  Natural gas and oil properties are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. A long-lived asset is considered to be impaired when the undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset are less than its carrying amount. The undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset are based upon our estimates that rely on various assumptions, including natural gas and oil prices, production and operating expenses. Any significant variance in these assumptions could materially affect the estimated net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. As discussed in General Trends and Outlook within this section, recent increases in natural gas drilling have driven an increase in the supply of natural gas and put a downward pressure on domestic prices. Further declines in natural gas prices may result in additional impairment charges in future periods.  There were no impairments of proved gas and oil properties recorded by us for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012.  Events or changes in circumstances that would indicate the need for impairment testing include, among other factors: operating losses; unused capacity; market value declines; technological developments resulting in obsolescence; changes in demand for products manufactured by others utilizing our services or for our products; changes in competition and competitive practices; uncertainties associated with the United States and world economies; changes in the expected level of environmental capital, operating or remediation expenditures; and changes in governmental regulations or actions.  Fair Value of Financial Instruments  We have established a hierarchy to measure our financial instruments at fair value which requires us to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The hierarchy defines three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value:  Level 1 - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical, unrestricted assets and liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date.  Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset and liability or can be corroborated with observable market data for substantially the entire contractual term of the asset or liability.  Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in the pricing of the asset or liability and are consequently not based on market activity but rather through particular valuation techniques.  We use a fair value methodology to value the assets and liabilities for our outstanding derivative contracts. Our commodity hedges are calculated based on observable market data related to the change in price of the underlying commodity and are therefore defined as Level 2 fair value measurements.  Liabilities that are required to be measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include our asset retirement obligations ("ARO") that are defined as Level  Reserve Estimates  Our estimates of proved natural gas and oil reserves and future net revenues from them are based upon reserve analyses that rely upon various assumptions, including those required by the SEC, as to natural gas and oil prices, drilling and operating expenses, capital expenditures and availability of funds. The accuracy of these reserve estimates is a function of many factors including the following: the quality and quantity of available data, the interpretation of that data, the accuracy of various mandated economic assumptions, and the judgments of the individuals preparing the estimates. We engaged Wright and Company, Inc., an independent third-party reserve engineer, to prepare a report of our proved reserves (see "item 2:Properties").  Any significant variance in the assumptions utilized in the calculation of our reserve estimates could materially affect the estimated quantity of our reserves. As a result, our estimates of proved natural gas and oil reserves are inherently imprecise. Actual future production, natural gas and oil prices, revenues, development expenditures, operating expenses and quantities of recoverable natural gas and oil reserves may vary substantially from our estimates or estimates contained in the reserve reports and may affect our ability to pay distributions. In addition, our proved reserves may be subject to downward or upward revision based upon production history, prevailing natural gas and oil prices, mechanical difficulties, governmental regulation and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our reserves and their relation to estimated future net cash flows impact the calculation of impairment and depletion of oil and gas properties. Generally, an increase or decrease in reserves without a corresponding change in capitalized costs will have a corresponding inverse impact to depletion expense.  Asset Retirement Obligations  We recognize and estimate the liability for the plugging and abandonment of our gas and oil wells. The associated asset retirement costs are capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the long lived asset.  The estimated liability is based on our historical experience in plugging and abandoning wells, estimated remaining lives of those wells based on reserve estimates, external estimates as to the cost to plug and abandon the wells in the future and federal and state regulatory requirements. The liability is discounted using our MGP's assumed credit-adjusted risk-free interest rate. Revisions to the liability could occur due to changes in estimates of plugging and abandonment costs or remaining lives of the wells, or if federal or state regulators enact new plugging and abandonment requirements. We have no assets legally restricted for purposes of settling asset retirement obligations. Except for our gas and oil properties, we believe that there are no other material retirement obligations associated with tangible long lived assets.  Working Interest  Our Partnership Agreement establishes that revenues and expenses will be allocated to our MGP and limited partners based on their ratio of capital contributions to total contributions ("working interest"). Our MGP is also provided an additional working interest of 7% as provided in the Partnership Agreement. Due to the time necessary to complete drilling operations and accumulate all drilling costs, estimated working interest percentage ownership rates are utilized to allocate revenues and expense until the wells are completely drilled and turned on-line into production. Once the wells are completed, the final working interest ownership of the partners is determined and any previously allocated revenues based on the estimated working interest percentage ownership are adjusted to conform to the final working interest percentage ownership.  Mar 31, 2014  (c) 1995-2014 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


Trump may name Anthony Scaramucci as White House communications director


Avoid health-care stocks as D.C. spins its wheels? No, here’s a case for buying them


The dark side of cruises

















Quote References


ARP

+0.00
+0.00%



ATLS

+0.01
+12.38%





Most Popular





The dark side of cruises





The reason Jack Bogle doesn’t fly first class says everything about his investing legacy





O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family





If you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich





4 Luxury Pool Floats to Class Up Your Instagram




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found




























Arctic Paper S.A.
Sweden: Stockholm: ARP




kr9.25

+0.00
(+0.00%)








Volume2081
Openkr9.25
Highkr9.30
Lowkr9.25
P/E Ratio5.26
Div Yield0
Market Cap636.2M













Atlas Energy Group LLC
U.S.: OTC: ATLS




$0.09

+0.01
(+12.38%)








Volume136.9K
Open$0.08
High$0.09
Low$0.08
P/E Ratio0
Div Yield0
Market Cap2.6M
























 






















MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



Capital Gains Tax


Credit


Hedge Funds


Income


Income Tax


Taxation




Taxes


Environment


Markets


Sales


Aerospace


Oil




Earnings


Brain


Politics and Government


Restaurants


Airlines


China






People in the news



Cohen, David


Cohen, Steven


Einhorn, David


Trump, Donald


Rose, Stuart


Jones, Russell




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Musk, Elon


Williams, Brian


Williams, Michael


Jones, Brian




Williams, James


Lynch, Michael


Jones, Edward


Clooney, George


Rubin, Robert


Tillerson, Rex






Companies in the news



Jones


General Electric


Honeywell International Inc.


Travel


Capital Group of Companies


Performance




Miners


International Data Group


Baker Hughes


Bank of America Corp.


Colgate-Palmolive


Dow Jones & Co.




eBay Inc.


Home Depot


Microsoft Corp.


News Corp.


Schlumberger Ltd.


Advanced Micro Devices






Organizations in the news



European Central Bank


European Union


World Bank


Nasdaq Stock Market


World Trade Organization


OPEC




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


New York Stock Exchange


Congress


Gazprom


United Nations


University of California




Harvard University


University of Michigan


Boston University


National Institutes of Health


Northwestern University


University of Chicago












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




7:47 PM EDT
July 21, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:41pGoodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
7:18pHow to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
6:59pAmazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
6:45pHawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
6:24p California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
6:20pSpicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
6:20pWhy you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
6:09pIf you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich
6:07p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
6:06pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
6:06pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly walk out — what should you do next?
5:37pA History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows
5:13pAre you a money bully?
5:10pHow real-estate TV shows determine what home buyers look for and what to do if you decide to quit your job like Sean Spicer
5:07pBREAKINGWall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
5:06pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:06pThis is what should really worry you about stocks
5:04pBeware of the curse of the number 7 in the stock market 
5:00pS&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower
4:52pTwo-thirds of U.S. investors think stocks are overvalued
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15



























































 




Atlas America Public 10 Ltd.                                                                                             - Coraopolis                                        , PA         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



PA



Coraopolis



Drilling Oil and Gas Wells



Drilling Oil And Gas Wells



                            Atlas America Public 10 Ltd.
                                    



 





















A 


Atlas America Public 10 Ltd.                                                                                            
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



311 ROUSER RD CORAOPOLIS, PA 15108
Get Directions



(412) 262-2830
 





Business Info



 Founded 2007
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $347,100.00
 Employee Count 3
 Industries Drilling Oil And Gas Wells
 Contacts  







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2007 the company has been providing Drilling Oil And Gas Wells. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







A

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.

















403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.



Server Error


403 - Forbidden: Access is denied.
You do not have permission to view this directory or page using the credentials that you supplied.






10-K: ATLAS AMERICA PUBLIC #10 LTD. - MarketWatch




























































Latest News










Dow

21,580
-31.71
-0.15%






Nasdaq

6,388
-2.25
-0.04%






S&P 500

2,473
-0.91
-0.04%









7:41 P.M. ET


                                  Goodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
                                





 
7:18 P.M. ET


                                  How to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
                                





 
6:58 P.M. ET


                                  Amazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
                                





 
6:45 P.M. ET


                                  Hawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
                                





 
6:23 P.M. ET


                                   California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
                                





 
6:19 P.M. ET


                                  Spicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
                                





 
6:19 P.M. ET


Updated
      Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
                                





 
6:09 P.M. ET


Updated
      If you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich
                                





 
6:07 P.M. ET


Updated
      5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
                                





 
6:06 P.M. ET


Updated
      This is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
                                





 
6:05 P.M. ET


Updated
      If, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly walk out — what should you do next?
                                





 
5:36 P.M. ET


                                  A History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows
                                





 
5:13 P.M. ET


                                  Are you a money bully?
                                





 
5:10 P.M. ET


                                  How real-estate TV shows determine what home buyers look for and what to do if you decide to quit your job like Sean Spicer
                                





 
5:06 P.M. ET


Updated
      Wall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
                                





 
5:06 P.M. ET


Updated
      Why it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
                                





 
5:06 P.M. ET


Updated
      This is what should really worry you about stocks
                                





 
5:03 P.M. ET


Updated
      Beware of the curse of the number 7 in the stock market 
                                





 
5:00 P.M. ET


                                  S&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower
                                





 
4:51 P.M. ET


                                  Two-thirds of U.S. investors think stocks are overvalued
                                





 








































Log In
























Home






Edgar Online -  (EDG = 10Q, 10K)




Get email alerts



         10-K: ATLAS AMERICA PUBLIC #10 LTD.
    








    By

Published: Mar 31, 2015 12:33 p.m. ET

Share


















































 



 






















(EDGAR Online via COMTEX) -- ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  The discussion and analysis presented below provides information to assist in understanding our financial condition and results of operations. This discussion should be read in conjunction with ("item 8:Financial Statements and Supplementary Data"), which contains our financial statements.  The following discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statements were made. The matters discussed in these forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those made, projected or implied in the forward-looking statements. We believe the assumptions underlying the financial statements are reasonable. However, our financial statements included herein may not necessarily reflect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows in the future.  BUSINESS OVERVIEW  Atlas America Public #10 LTD. ("we", "us" or the "Partnership") is a Pennsylvania limited partnership and was formed on July 5, 2001 with Atlas Resources, LLC serving as its Managing General Partner and Operator ("Atlas Resources" or the "MGP"). Atlas Resources is an indirect subsidiary of Atlas Resources Partners, L.P. ("ARP") 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    ARP, +0.00%
 On October 13, 2014, the MGP's ultimate parent, Atlas Energy L.P. ("Atlas Energy") 

                            
                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                  
                                    ATLS, +12.38%

                            
                                  
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
                                         and its midstream subsidiary, Atlas Pipeline Partners, L.P. ("APL"), entered into definitive agreements to be acquired by Targa Resources Corp. and Targa Resources Partners LP, respectively. Immediately prior to the acquisition, Atlas Energy distributed to its unitholders 100% of the limited liability company interests in ARP's general partner, which changed its name to Atlas Energy Group, LLC ("New Atlas") and became a separate, publicly traded company as a result of the distribution. Following the distribution, New Atlas continues to hold the Partnership's business as well as ARP's general partner interest and incentive distribution rights, and now holds the non-midstream assets and ARP limited partner units previously held by Atlas Energy.  We have drilled and currently operate wells located in Pennsylvania and Ohio. We have no employees and rely on our MGP for management, which in turn, relies on its parent company, Atlas Energy (after February 27, 2015, New Atlas), for administrative services.  We intend to continue to produce our wells until they are depleted or become uneconomical to produce, at which time they will be plugged and abandoned or sold. We expect that no other wells will be drilled and no additional funds will be required for drilling.  The following discussion provides information to assist in understanding our financial condition and results of operations. Our operating cash flows are generated from our wells, which primarily produce natural gas, but also some oil. Our produced natural gas and oil is then delivered to market through affiliated and/or third-party gas gathering systems. Our ongoing operating and maintenance costs have been and are expected to be fulfilled through revenues from the sale of our natural gas and oil production. We pay our MGP, as operator, a monthly well supervision fee, which covers all normal and regularly recurring operating expenses for the production and sale of natural gas and oil such as:  ? Well tending, routine maintenance and adjustment;  ? Reading meters, recording production, pumping, maintaining appropriate books and records; and  ? Preparation of reports for us and government agencies.  The well supervision fees, however, do not include costs and expenses related to the purchase of certain equipment, materials, and brine disposal. If these expenses are incurred, we pay cost for third-party services, materials, and a competitive charge for service performed directly by our MGP or its affiliates. Also, beginning one year after each of our wells has been placed into production, our MGP, as operator, may retain $200 per month per well to cover the estimated future plugging and abandonment costs of the well. As of December 31, 2014, our MGP withheld $19,900 of net production revenue for this purpose.  MARKETS AND COMPETITION  The availability of a ready market for natural gas and oil produced by us, and the price obtained, depends on numerous factors beyond our control, including the extent of domestic production, imports of foreign natural gas and oil, political instability or terrorist acts in gas and oil producing countries and regions, market demand, competition from other energy sources, the effect of federal regulation on the sale of natural gas and oil in interstate commerce, other governmental regulation of the production and transportation of natural gas and oil and the proximity, availability and capacity of pipelines and other required facilities. Our MGP is responsible for selling our production. During 2014 and 2013, we experienced no problems in selling our natural gas and oil. Product availability and price are the principal means of competing in selling natural gas and oil production. While it is impossible to accurately determine our comparative position in the industry, we do not consider our operations to be a significant factor in the industry.  Natural Gas. The MGP markets the majority of our natural gas production to gas marketers directly or to third-party plant operators who process and market the gas. The sales price of natural gas produced is a function of the market in the area and typically tied to a regional index. The production area and pricing indices for the Appalachian Basin are Dominion South Point, Tennessee Gas Pipeline, and Transco Leidy Line.  We do not hold firm transportation obligations on any pipeline that requires payment of transportation fees regardless of natural gas production volumes. As is customary in certain of our other operating areas, we occasionally commit a predictable portion of monthly production to the purchaser in order to maintain a gathering agreement.  Crude Oil. Crude oil produced from our wells flows directly into leasehold storage tanks where it is picked up by an oil company or a common carrier acting for an oil company. The crude oil is typically sold at the prevailing spot market price for each region, less appropriate trucking charges. We do not have delivery commitments for fixed and determinable quantities of crude oil in any future periods under existing contracts or agreements.  For the year ended December 31, 2014, Chevron Natural Gas, Hess Energy, Interstate Gas Supply, Inc., and Castleton Commodities Merchant Trading L.P. accounted for approximately 33%, 19%, 17%, and 15%, respectively, of our total natural gas and oil production revenues, with no other single customer accounting for more than 10% of revenues for this period.  GENERAL TRENDS AND OUTLOOK  We expect our business to be affected by the following key trends. Our expectations are based on assumptions made by us and information currently available to us. To the extent our underlying assumptions about or interpretations of available information prove to be incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from our expected results.  The natural gas and oil commodity price markets have suffered significant declines during the fourth quarter of 2014 and early 2015, particularly in December 2014 and January 2015. The causes of these declines are based on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, a significant increase in natural gas and oil production. While we anticipate continued high levels of exploration and production activities over the long-term in the areas in which we operate, fluctuations in energy prices can greatly affect production rates and investments in the development of new natural gas and oil reserves.  Our future gas and oil reserves, production, cash flow, our ability to make distributions to our unitholders, depend on our success in producing our current reserves efficiently. We face the challenge of natural production declines and volatile natural gas and oil prices. As initial reservoir pressures are depleted, natural gas and oil production from particular wells decreases.  RESULTS OF OPERATIONS  GAS AND OIL PRODUCTION: The following table sets forth information related to our production revenues, volumes, sales prices, production costs and depletion during the periods indicated:   Years Ended December 31, 2014 2013 Production revenues (in thousands): Gas $ 823 $ 930 Oil 50 55 Total $ 873 $ 985 Production volumes: Gas (mcf/day) 618 680 Oil (bbls/day) 2 2 Total (mcfe/day) 630 692 Average sales price: (1) Gas (per mcf) (2) $ 3.71 $ 4.04 Oil (per bbl) $ 86.40 $ 93.40 Production costs: As a percent of revenues 62 % 57 % Per mcfe $ 2.34 $ 2.22 Depletion per mcfe $ 1.00 $ 1.70  (1) Average sales prices represent accrual basis pricing after reversing the effect of previously recognized gains resulting from prior period impairment charges.  (2) Average gas prices are calculated by including in total revenue derivative gains previously recognized into income in connection with prior period impairment charges and dividing by the total volume for the period. Previously recognized derivative gains were $14,600 and $73,400 for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  Natural Gas Revenues. Our natural gas revenues were $823,200 and $929,800 for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, a decrease of $106,600 (11%). The $106,600 decrease in natural gas revenues for the year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to the prior year was attributable to a $22,600 decrease in natural gas prices after the effect of financial hedges, which were driven by market conditions, and a $84,000 decrease in production volumes. Our production volumes decreased to 618 mcf per day for the year ended December 31, 2014 from 680 mcf per day for the year ended December 31, 2013, a decrease of 62 (9%) mcf per day. The price we receive for our natural gas is primarily a result of the index driven agreements (see item 1:"Business-Contractual Revenue Arrangements"). Thus, the price we receive for our natural gas may vary significantly each month as the underlying index changes in response to market conditions. The decrease in production volume is mostly due to the normal decline inherent in the life of the wells.  Oil Revenues. We drill wells primarily to produce natural gas, rather than oil, but some wells have limited oil production. Our oil revenues were $50,100 and $54,900 for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, a decrease of $4,800 (9%). The $4,800 decrease in oil revenues for the year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to the prior year was attributable to a $4,100 decrease in oil prices after the effect of financial hedges and a $700 decrease in production volumes. Our production volumes decreased to 1.59 bbls per day for the year ended December 31, 2014 from 1.61 bbls per day for the year ended December 31, 2013, a decrease of 0.02 bbl per day (1%).  Costs and Expenses. Production expenses were $537,200 and $559,100 for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, a decrease of $21,900 (4%). This decrease was primarily due to decreases in transportation expense, water hauling and supervision fees, partially offset by an increase in insurance expense.  Depletion of our gas and oil properties as a percentage of gas and oil revenues was 26% and 43% for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. This change was primarily attributable to changes in gas and oil reserve quantities and to a lesser extent, revenues, product prices, production volumes and changes in the depletable cost basis of gas and oil properties.  General and administrative expenses were $124,000 and $136,100 for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, a decrease of $12,100 (9%). These expenses include third-party costs for services as well as the monthly administrative fees charged by our MGP and vary from period to period due to the costs and services provided to us.  Impairment of gas and oil production for the year ended December 31, 2014 was $1,881,400. There was no impairment of gas and oil properties for the year ended December 31, 2013. Annually, we compare the carrying value of our proved developed gas and oil producing properties to their estimated fair market value. To the extent our carrying value exceeds the estimated fair market value, an impairment charge is recognized. As a result of this assessment, an impairment charge was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2014. This charge is based on reserve quantities, future market prices and our carrying value. We cannot provide any assurance that similar charges may or may not be taken in future periods.  Liquidity and Capital Resources. Cash provided by operating activities decreased $113,800 for the year ended December 31, 2014 to $273,700 as compared to $387,500 the year ended December 31, 2013. This decrease was due to a decrease in net earnings before depletion, impairment, and accretion of $77,400, a decrease in non-cash loss on derivative value of $58,700, a decrease in the asset retirement receivable-affiliate of $19,900, and a decrease in the change in accrued liabilities of $8,000, partially offset by an increase in the change in accounts receivable trade-affiliate of $50,200 for the year ended December 31, 2014 compared to the year ended December 31, 2013.  Cash provided by investing activities was $6,000 during the year ended December 31, 2013 resulting from the sale of a well.  Cash used in financing activities decreased $83,000 to $305,900 for the year ended December 31, 2014, from $388,900 for the year ended December 31, 2013. This decrease was due to a decrease in cash distributions to partners.  Our MGP may withhold funds for future plugging and abandonment costs. Through December 31, 2014, our MGP withheld $19,900 of funds for this purpose. Any additional funds, if required, will be obtained from production revenues or borrowings from our MGP or its affiliates, which are not contractually committed to make loans to us. The amount that we may borrow at any one time may not at any time exceed 5% of our total subscriptions, and we will not borrow from third-parties.  We are generally limited to the amount of funds generated by the cash flow from our operations, which we believe is adequate to fund future operations and distributions to our partners. Historically, there has been no need to borrow funds from our MGP to fund operations.  Impairment  During the year ended December 31, 2014, we recognized $1,881,400 of impairment related to gas and oil properties within property, plant and equipment on our balance sheet. This impairment relates to the carrying amount of our gas and oil properties being in excess of our estimate of their fair value at December 31, 2014. The estimate of fair value of these gas and oil properties was impacted by, among other factors, the deterioration of natural gas and oil prices and changes in reserve estimates. There was no impairment of gas and oil properties for the year ended December 31, 2013.  ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION  Our operations are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the release of regulated materials into the environment or otherwise relating to environmental protection or human health or safety (See "Item 1:  Environmental laws and regulations have changed substantially and rapidly over the last 25 years, and we anticipate that there will be continuing changes. Trends in environmental regulation include increased reporting obligations and placing more restrictions and limitations on activities, such as emissions of greenhouse gases and other pollutants, generation and disposal of wastes, including wastes that may have naturally occurring radioactivity, and use, storage and handling of chemical substances that may impact human health, the environment and/or endangered species. Other increasingly stringent environmental restrictions and limitations have resulted in increased operating costs for us and other similar businesses throughout the United States. It is possible that the costs of compliance with environmental laws and regulations may continue to increase. We will attempt to anticipate future regulatory requirements that might be imposed and to plan accordingly, but there can be no assurance that we will identify and properly anticipate each such change, or that our efforts will prevent material costs, if any, from rising.  CHANGES IN PRICES AND INFLATION  Our revenues and the value of our assets have been and will continue to be affected by changes in natural gas and oil market prices. Natural gas and oil prices are subject to significant fluctuations that are beyond our ability to control or predict.  Inflation affects the operating expenses of our operations. Inflationary trends may occur if commodity prices were to increase, since such an increase may cause the demand for energy equipment and services to increase, thereby increasing the costs of acquiring or obtaining such equipment and services. While we anticipate that inflation will affect our future operating costs, we cannot predict the timing or amounts of any such effects.  CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires making estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of actual revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Although we base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, actual results may differ from the estimates on which our financial statements are prepared at any given point of time. Changes in these estimates could materially affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Significant items that are subject to such estimates and assumptions include revenue and expense accruals, depletion and amortization, impairment, fair value of derivative instruments, and the probability of forecasted transactions. We summarize our significant accounting policies within our financial statements (see "item 8:Financial Statements"), included in this report. The critical accounting policies and estimates we have identified are discussed below.  Depletion and Impairment of Long-Lived Assets  Long-Lived Assets. The cost of natural gas and oil properties, less estimated salvage value, is generally depleted on the units-of-production method.  Natural gas and oil properties are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. A long-lived asset is considered to be impaired when the undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset are less than its carrying amount. The undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset are based upon our estimates that rely on various assumptions, including natural gas and oil prices, production and operating expenses. Any significant variance in these assumptions could materially affect the estimated net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. As discussed in General Trends and Outlook within this section, recent increases in natural gas drilling have driven an increase in the supply of natural gas and put a downward pressure on domestic prices. Further declines in natural gas prices may result in additional impairment charges in future periods.  During the year ended December 31, 2014, we recognized $1,881,400 of impairment within natural gas and oil properties. There was no impairment recognized for the year ended December 31, 2013. This impairment relates to the carrying amount of the gas and oil properties being in excess of our estimate of their fair value at December 31, 2014. The estimate of fair value of these gas and oil properties was impacted by, among other factors, the deterioration of natural gas and oil prices at the date of measurement.  Events or changes in circumstances that would indicate the need for impairment testing include, among other factors: operating losses; unused capacity; market value declines; technological developments resulting in obsolescence; changes in demand for products manufactured by others utilizing our services or for our products; changes in competition and competitive practices; uncertainties associated with the United States and world economies; changes in the expected level of environmental capital, operating or remediation expenditures; and changes in governmental regulations or actions.  Fair Value of Financial Instruments  We have established a hierarchy to measure our financial instruments at fair value, which requires us to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. Observable inputs represent market data obtained from independent sources, whereas unobservable inputs reflect the Partnership's own market assumptions, which are used if observable inputs are not reasonably available without undue cost and effort. The hierarchy defines three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value:  Level 1 - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical, unrestricted assets and liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date.  Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset and liability or can be corroborated with observable market data for substantially the entire contractual term of the asset or liability.  Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in the pricing of the asset or liability and are consequently not based on market activity but rather through particular valuation techniques.  We use a fair value methodology to value the assets and liabilities for our outstanding derivative contracts. Our commodity hedges are calculated based on observable market data related to the change in price of the underlying commodity and are therefore defined as Level 2 fair value measurements.  Liabilities that are required to be measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include our asset retirement obligations ("ARO") that are defined as Level  Reserve Estimates  Our estimates of proved natural gas and oil reserves and future net revenues from them are based upon reserve analyses that rely upon various assumptions, including those required by the SEC, as to natural gas and oil prices, drilling and operating expenses, capital expenditures and availability of funds. The accuracy of these reserve estimates is a function of many factors including the following: the quality and quantity of available data, the interpretation of that data, the accuracy of various mandated economic assumptions, and the judgments of the individuals preparing the estimates. We engaged Wright & Company, Inc., an independent third-party reserve engineer, to prepare a report of our proved reserves (see "item 2:Properties").  Any significant variance in the assumptions utilized in the calculation of our reserve estimates could materially affect the estimated quantity of our reserves. As a result, our estimates of proved natural gas and oil reserves are inherently imprecise. Actual future production, natural gas and oil prices, revenues, development expenditures, operating expenses and quantities of recoverable natural gas and oil reserves may vary substantially from our estimates or estimates contained in the reserve reports and may affect our ability to pay distributions. In addition, our proved reserves may be subject to downward or upward revision based upon production history, prevailing natural gas and oil prices, mechanical difficulties, governmental regulation and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our reserves and their relation to estimated future net cash flows impact the calculation of impairment and depletion of natural gas and oil properties. Generally, an increase or decrease in reserves without a corresponding change in capitalized costs will have a corresponding inverse impact to depletion expense.  Asset Retirement Obligations  We recognize and estimate the liability for the plugging and abandonment of our gas and oil wells. The associated asset retirement costs are capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the long lived asset.  The estimated liability is based on our historical experience in plugging and abandoning wells, estimated remaining lives of those wells based on reserve estimates, external estimates as to the cost to plug and abandon the wells in the future and federal and state regulatory requirements. The liability is discounted using our MGP's assumed credit-adjusted risk-free interest rate. Revisions to the liability could occur due to changes in estimates of plugging and abandonment costs or remaining lives of the wells, or if federal or state regulators enact new plugging and abandonment requirements. We have no assets legally restricted for purposes of settling asset retirement obligations. Except for our gas and oil properties, we believe that there are no other material retirement obligations associated with tangible long lived assets.  Working Interest  . . .  Mar 31, 2015  (c) 1995-2015 Cybernet Data Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved 


More from MarketWatch









More Coverage


Here is why your savings rate is more important than your investments’ returns


O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family


Why you might want to avoid these 30 dividend stocks

















Quote References


ARP

+0.00
+0.00%



ATLS

+0.01
+12.38%





Most Popular





The dark side of cruises





The reason Jack Bogle doesn’t fly first class says everything about his investing legacy





O.J. Simpson made over $400,000 while in prison and won’t have to give any of it to the Goldman family





If you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich





4 Luxury Pool Floats to Class Up Your Instagram




MarketWatch Partner Center




















 








            We Want to
            Hear from You


Join the conversation
Comment
















Sponsored Headlines













Advanced Search







Stocks



Columns


Authors


Topics







No results found




























Arctic Paper S.A.
Sweden: Stockholm: ARP




kr9.25

+0.00
(+0.00%)








Volume2081
Openkr9.25
Highkr9.30
Lowkr9.25
P/E Ratio5.26
Div Yield0
Market Cap636.2M













Atlas Energy Group LLC
U.S.: OTC: ATLS




$0.09

+0.01
(+12.38%)








Volume136.9K
Open$0.08
High$0.09
Low$0.08
P/E Ratio0
Div Yield0
Market Cap2.6M
























 






















MarketWatch.com Topics

























Bulletin






Investor Alert





















Topics







		Istanbul



			Brexit




		Guns







		Millennials




		Immigration



			Apple

/conga/topics/main.html
369880



Subjects in the news



Capital Gains Tax


Credit


Hedge Funds


Income


Income Tax


Taxation




Taxes


Environment


Markets


Sales


Aerospace


Oil




Earnings


Brain


Politics and Government


Restaurants


Airlines


China






People in the news



Cohen, David


Cohen, Steven


Einhorn, David


Trump, Donald


Rose, Stuart


Jones, Russell




Obama, Barack


Putin, Vladimir


Musk, Elon


Williams, Brian


Williams, Michael


Jones, Brian




Williams, James


Lynch, Michael


Jones, Edward


Clooney, George


Rubin, Robert


Tillerson, Rex






Companies in the news



Jones


General Electric


Honeywell International Inc.


Travel


Capital Group of Companies


Performance




Miners


International Data Group


Baker Hughes


Bank of America Corp.


Colgate-Palmolive


Dow Jones & Co.




eBay Inc.


Home Depot


Microsoft Corp.


News Corp.


Schlumberger Ltd.


Advanced Micro Devices






Organizations in the news



European Central Bank


European Union


World Bank


Nasdaq Stock Market


World Trade Organization


OPEC




Federal Reserve Bank of New York


New York Stock Exchange


Congress


Gazprom


United Nations


University of California




Harvard University


University of Michigan


Boston University


National Institutes of Health


Northwestern University


University of Chicago












Browse topics:


A


B


C


D


E


F


G


H


I


J


K


L


M


N


O


P


Q


R


S


T


U


V


W


X


Y


Z


0-9





















Log In




7:47 PM EDT
July 21, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
7:41pGoodbye, Sean Spicer: Memorable Moments From the Podium  
7:18pHow to Fix Wall Street, and Bankers' Pay
6:59pAmazon, Whole Foods look to head off lengthy deal review
6:45pHawaii adopts emergency plan for North Korea missile attack
6:24p California Wildfire Destroys Homes Near Yosemite
6:20pSpicer Quits as Scaramucci Accepts White House Job
6:20pWhy you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 
6:09pIf you’re reading this, you have a 19.3% chance of being rich
6:07p5 unfortunate reasons why millennials can’t have nice things (or save any money)
6:06pThis is the deadliest time of your life to put on weight
6:06pIf, like Sean Spicer, you suddenly walk out — what should you do next?
5:37pA History of Sears: Through Highs and Lows
5:13pAre you a money bully?
5:10pHow real-estate TV shows determine what home buyers look for and what to do if you decide to quit your job like Sean Spicer
5:07pBREAKINGWall Street's 'fear gauge'--the VIX--just logged its second-lowest close in history
5:06pWhy it might be time to invest in the companies Amazon is destroying
5:06pThis is what should really worry you about stocks
5:04pBeware of the curse of the number 7 in the stock market 
5:00pS&P 500, Nasdaq post weekly gains as stock market finishes session lower
4:52pTwo-thirds of U.S. investors think stocks are overvalued
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,580.07

-31.71
-0.15%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,387.75

-2.25
-0.04%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,472.54

-0.91
-0.04%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15


















































Atlas America Public #10 Ltd.














































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog











Related Companies

American Standard Energy Corp.
Arch Petroleum Inc /New/
Arkanova Energy Corp.
Atlas America Public #10 Ltd.
Atlas Resource Partners L.P. C
Atwood Oceanics, Inc.
Aztec Energy Corp/Ut
Baytex Energy Corp
Beehner Jim
Belden & Blake Corp
Black Rock Petroleum Co
Bronco Drilling Co
CO & PA 1999D Limited Partnership
Chesapeake Energy Louisiana Corp
Cliffs Drilling Co



        More Related Companies
      





Home



Sample Contracts



By Company


Atlas America Public #10 Ltd.




Atlas America Public #10 Ltd.





      Loading...
    





Former Names
ATLAS AMERICA PUBLIC  NO 10 LTD (until 2012-05-14)Standard IndustryClassification
Drilling oil & gas wellsAddress

Park Place Corporate Center One 1000 Commerce Dr. 4Th Floor, Pittsburgh, PA 15275
Phone
412-489-0006



Sample Contracts



Atlas America Public #10 Ltd. –
Assignment and Bill of Sale
(October 31st, 2016)
THIS ASSIGNMENT AND BILL OF SALE (this Assignment), dated October 25, 2016, is from each of the limited partnerships set forth on Exhibit A (each an Assignor and collectively, the Assignors) to Atlas Resources, LLC, a Pennsylvania limited liability company (Assignee), and is effective as of 12:01 a.m. Eastern Prevailing Time on October 1, 2016 (Effective Time).



Atlas America Public #10 Ltd. –
Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Certificate and Agreement of Limited
Partnership of Atlas America Public #10 Ltd.
(July 28th, 2016)
THIS AMENDMENT NO. 1 to AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE AND AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP OF ATLAS AMERICA PUBLIC #10 LTD. (this Amendment), dated as of July 26, 2016, is entered into and effectuated by Atlas Resources, LLC (f/k/a Atlas Resources, Inc.), a Pennsylvania limited liability company and the general partner of Atlas America Public #10 Ltd., a Pennsylvania limited partnership (the Partnership), pursuant to authority granted to it in Section 8.05(b)(iii) of the Amended and Restated Certificate and Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Partnership, dated as of November 20, 2001 (as amended from time to time, the Limited Partnership Agreement). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein are used as defined in the Limited Partnership Agreement.













×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










Contract and Agreement Category List











































Home
Search
Sign-In/Up
Contracts
Dictionary
Clauses
Companies
People

About
FAQ
Blog







Sample Contract Categories 

a

b

c

d

e

f

g

h

i

j

k

l

m

n

o

p

q

r

s

t

u

v

w

x

y

z


abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz


337k
		Delaware
	

277k
		New York
	

113k
		California
	

70k
		Texas
	

68k
		Agreement
	

62k
		Nevada
	

46k
		Florida
	

44k
		Maryland
	

40k
		Illinois
	

38k
		Employment Agreement
	

38k
		Washington
	

37k
		Amended And Restated
	

36k
		Massachusetts
	

34k
		New Jersey
	

33k
		Pennsylvania
	

28k
		Georgia
	

28k
		Colorado
	

26k
		Ohio
	

25k
		Minnesota
	

25k
		Virginia
	

21k
		North Carolina
	

20k
		Incentive Plan
	

19k
		Credit Agreement
	

19k
		Amendment
	

16k
		Connecticut
	

16k
		Michigan
	

15k
		Indiana
	

14k
		Registration Rights Agreement
	

14k
		Recitals
	

13k
		Tennessee
	

13k
		Arizona
	

13k
		Missouri
	

12k
		Purchase Agreement
	

12k
		Promissory Note
	

12k
		Indenture
	

11k
		Warrant
	

11k
		Louisiana
	

11k
		Kansas
	

11k
		Utah
	

11k
		Wisconsin
	

10k
		Oklahoma
	

9k
		Securities Purchase Agreement
	

9k
		Agreement And Plan Of Merger
	

8k
		Iowa
	

8k
		Supplemental Indenture
	

8k
		Note
	

8k
		Equity Incentive Plan
	

7k
		Kentucky
	

7k
		Stock Purchase Agreement
	

7k
		Alabama
	














×









      Have an account? Sign in here.

Law Insider
Recover your password







No account? Register Now!


No account? Register Now!
Sign in
by using one of this services











or







Forgot your password?


Have an account? Sign in here.
Join Law Insider
for Free
by using one of this services











or







By registering you agree to our
      terms of service.










Atlas America Public No 10 Ltd: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 21, 2017 7:47 PM ET
Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels

Company Overview of Atlas America Public No 10 Ltd



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Atlas America Public #10 LTD. drills and operates natural gas and oil wells in Pennsylvania and Ohio. Atlas Resources, LLC serves as the managing general partner of the company. Atlas America Public #10 LTD. was founded in 2001 and is based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Atlas America Public #10 LTD. is a subsidiary of Chevron Corporation.


Park Place Corporate Center One4th Floor1000 Commerce DrivePittsburgh, PA 15275United StatesFounded in 2001



Phone: 412-489-0006








Key Executives for Atlas America Public No 10 Ltd




Mr. Freddie M. Kotek


      	Chairman, CEO, President & SVP - Investment Partnership Div of Atlas Resources, LLC
      


Age: 61
        







Mr. Jeffrey M. Slotterback


      	Chief Financial Officer of Atlas Resources LLC and Director of Atlas Resources LLC
      


Age: 35
        







Mr. Mark D. Schumacher


      	Chief Operating Officer of Atlas Resources LLC
      


Age: 55
        







Mr. Matthew A. Jones


      	Senior Vice President of Atlas Resources LLC and President of Atlas Resource Partner
      


Age: 55
        







Mr. Dave E. Leopold


      	Senior Vice President of Operations - Atlas Resources LLC
      


Age: 53
        




Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Atlas America Public No 10 Ltd Key Developments

Atlas America Public #10 LTD. Files Form 15

Dec 9 16
Atlas America Public #10 LTD.  has announced that it has filed a Form 15 with the Securities and Exchange Commission to voluntarily deregister its Common units representing limited partnership interests under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.


Atlas America Public No 10 Ltd announced delayed 10-Q filing
May 17 16
On 05/17/2016, Atlas America Public No 10 Ltd announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-Q by the deadline required by the SEC.


Atlas America Public No 10 Ltd announced delayed annual 10-K filing
Mar 31 16
On 03/31/2016, Atlas America Public No 10 Ltd announced that they will be unable to file their next 10-K by the deadline required by the SEC.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 102 Oil Wells in East Texas Field United States 11 Good Energy, Inc. United States 1280 Horizons, LLC United States 1347 Energy Holdings LLC United States 15 Fields in Williston Basin United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Atlas America Public No 10 Ltd, please visit --.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























ATLAS AMERICA PUBLIC 10 LTD. (1157516) 10-K and 10-Q SEC Filings :: Last10K.com






















		 
	




ATLAS AMERICA PUBLIC 10 LTD. (1157516) SEC Filing 10-K Annual report for the fiscal year ending Thursday, December 31, 2015














last10k.com/sec-filings/1157516/0001564590-16-016229.htm



10-K Annual Summary
10-K Annual Report
10-K Exhibits
10-K Statistics




Document and Entity Information12 Months EndedDec. 31, 2015 USD ($) sharesDocument And Entity Information [Abstract] Document Type10-KAmendment FlagfalseDocument Period End DateDec. 31,  2015Document Fiscal Year Focus2015Document Fiscal Period FocusFYEntity Registrant NameATLAS AMERICA PUBLIC #10 LTD.Entity Central Index Key0001157516Current Fiscal Year End Date--12-31Entity Filer CategorySmaller Reporting CompanyEntity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding | shares0Entity Public Float | $$ 0Entity Current Reporting StatusYesEntity Well-known Seasoned IssuerNoEntity Voluntary FilersNo






Click to view a specific section in this 10-K Report
View entire 10-K Report
Balance Sheets
Balance Sheets (parenthetical)
Statements Of Operations
Statements Of Comprehensive Loss
Statements Of Changes In Partners' Deficit
Statements Of Cash Flows
Basis Of Presentation
Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies
Participation In Revenues And Costs
Property, Plant And Equipment
Asset Retirement Obligations
Derivative Instruments
Fair Value Of Financial Instruments
Certain Relationships And Related Party Transactions
Commitments And Contingencies
Subsequent Events
Supplemental Gas And Oil Information (unaudited)
Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies (policies)
Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies (tables)
Participation In Revenues And Costs (tables)
Property, Plant And Equipment (tables)
Asset Retirement Obligations (tables)
Derivative Instruments (tables)
Fair Value Of Financial Instruments (tables)
Certain Relationships And Related Party Transactions (tables)
Supplemental Gas And Oil Information (unaudited) (tables)
Basis Of Presentation (details)
Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies (narrative) (details)
Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies - Summary Of Reconciliation Of Partnerships' Asset Retirement Receivable Affiliate (details)
Participation In Revenues And Costs (narrative) (details)
Participation In Revenues And Costs (schedule Of Participation In Revenues And Costs, Allocation)(details)
Property, Plant And Equipment (summary Of Natural Gas And Oil Properties) (details)
Property, Plant And Equipment (narrative) (details)
Asset Retirement Obligation (narrative) (details)
Asset Retirement Obligation (schedule Of Asset Retirement Obligation) (details)
Derivative Instruments (narrative) (details)
Derivative Instruments (commodity Derivatives) (details)
Derivative Instruments (summary Of Gains Or Losses Recognized Within Statements Of Operations For Derivative Instruments Previously Designated As Cash Flow Hedges) (details)
Fair Value Of Financial Instruments (assets And Liabilities Measured At Fair Value On A Recurring Basis) (details)
Fair Value Of Financial Instruments (narrative) (details)
Certain Relationships And Related Party Transactions (narrative) (details)
Certain Relationships And Related Party Transactions (certain Relationships And Related Party Transactions) (details)
Commitments And Contingencies (narrative) (details)
Supplemental Gas And Oil Information (unaudited) (changes In Proved Reserve Quantities) (details)
Supplemental Gas And Oil Information (unaudited) (capitalized Costs Relating To Gas And Oil Producing Activities) (details)
Supplemental Gas And Oil Information (unaudited) (results Of Operations For Gas And Oil Producing Activities) (details)
Supplemental Gas And Oil Information (unaudited) (narrative) (details)
Supplemental Gas And Oil Information (unaudited) (standardized Measure Of Discounted Future Cash Flows) (details)


 Please wait while we load the requested 10-K Annual report. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                         https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1157516/000156459016016229/pub10-10k_20151231.htm




Companies may provide additional information to their SEC Filings as exhibits. Click a link below to view an exhibit that was filed with this report:


                    Exhibit 23.1 - CONSENTS OF EXPERTS AND COUNSEL
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1157516/000156459016016229/pub10-ex231_211.htm



                    Exhibit 31.1 - RULE 13A-14A/15D-14A CERTIFICATION
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1157516/000156459016016229/pub10-ex311_10.htm



                    Exhibit 31.2 - RULE 13A-14A/15D-14A CERTIFICATION
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1157516/000156459016016229/pub10-ex312_9.htm



                    Exhibit 32.1 - SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1157516/000156459016016229/pub10-ex321_11.htm



                    Exhibit 32.2 - SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1157516/000156459016016229/pub10-ex322_8.htm



                    Exhibit 99.1 - ADDITIONAL EXHIBITS
                

 Please wait while we load the requested exhibit. If it does not load, please click the link below:
                     https://www.last10k.com/sec-filings/report/1157516/000156459016016229/pub10-ex991_212.htm






Form Type: Annual
Number of times amended: 0
Accession Number: 0001564590-16-016229
Submitted to the SEC: Thursday, April 14, 2016
Accepted by the SEC: Thursday, April 14, 2016
Period Ending: December 2015












Financial Ratios
Intrinsic Value
Financial Stability

















Companies

 Add



1157516





10-K
10-Q




10-K Annual ReportApril 2016






10-K Annual ReportMarch 2015


10-K Annual ReportMarch 2014


10-K Annual ReportApril 2013

10-K Annual ReportMarch 2012

10-K Annual ReportMarch 2011

10-K Annual ReportMarch 2010

10-K Annual ReportMarch 2009
 




10-Q Quarterly ReportAugust 2016

10-Q Quarterly ReportMay 2016

10-Q Quarterly ReportNovember 2015

10-Q Quarterly ReportAugust 2015


10-Q Quarterly ReportMay 2015

 


ATLAS AMERICA PUBLIC 10 LTD.

































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft











Visitors Insurance, Travel Health Insurance USA - VisitorsInsurance.com



































 info@visitorsinsurance.com











  
 Any questions  please call
1.800.344.9540 (Toll Free - USA / Canada) 1.847.897.5120  ( Local )















Home(current)

Travel Visitor Products







Core Products

Visitors Insurance Plans
Pre-existing Condition Plans
Green card / Immigrant Plans
US Citizens Traveling Abroad
Long term int'l Insurance (H1/L1)
Int'l Group Travel Insurance





Specialty Products


Schengen Visa Travel Insurance
Student Insurance(F1/J1 & OPT)
US Student Study Abroad Plan
Trip cancellation/Interruption
Missionary Medical Insurance





Domestic Plans

Major Medical ACA Plans
Short Term Medical Plans
Dental & Vision Insurance
Term & Universal Life Insurance





Employee Benefits for IT Companies


Low Cost Group Insurance (H1/B1 Emp) 

Group Insurance for IT Companies 







Client Resources







Find a PPO Doctor/Hospital

IMG PPO Network
Tokiomarine HCC PPO network
Azimuth Risk PPO Network
Seven Corners PPO Network
Trawick International PPO Network
IMG Int’l Doctors/Hospitals list





Renewal Links

IMG Renewal
Tokiomarine HCC Plans Renewal
Seven Corners Renewal
Trawick International Renewal





Claim Forms


IMG Claim Form 
Tokiomarine HCC Plans Claim form

Medex plans Claim form 

Azimuth Risk Solution Claim Form 

Seven Corners Claim Form 

Trawick International Claim Form 





Other Links


Print IMG ID card 
IMG Embassy Visa Letter 
Trawick Int'l Partial Refund Form
Become a subagent 
FAQs







About Us
Contact Us







Atlas Travel® Insurance
                    Comprehensive plan without sub limits













Atlas Travel® Insurance 
Get Quote Apply Online








For international travel, Atlas Travel® Insurance provides customizable coverage for travelers looking to cover specific needs while abroad.
International travel can represent financial risk. The benefits of many standard medical insurance policies do not apply beyond the borders of your home country. An Atlas Travel® Insurance
                                        plan can be the difference between a trip ruined by unexpected illness or injury, versus a trip with access to quality care and financial help if the unexpected strikes.
HCC has developed two Atlas Travel® plans that offer a complete package of international benefits available 24 hours a day. Atlas America® provides coverage for non-U.S. citizens traveling outside their home country while Atlas International provides coverage for US citizens traveling outside their home country.
Important things you should know about Atlas Visitors Insurance
There are many different types of insurance policies that are around today, but one of the best ones you can try out is the Atlas America Visitor Insurance policy. The medical insurance policy is available to visitors in the United States, as well as all foreign tourists who are traveling to the United States for business or for leisure. There is massive demand for this travel insurance package, because it is available for new immigrants in the United States, as well as international students, and overseas travelers as well.



 
Read More











Important Links


 Brochure
 Application



Find a Doctor/Hospital
Claim Form
Renewal
Policy Wording
Cancellation & Refund policy
Excluded/Eligibility of States of Residence









Customer Support






Toll Free
 1-800-344-9540







Local
 1-847-897-5120




Please call us if you need more information about Visitors Insurance plans or Other plans which we offer










Benefits
Rates 
Exclusions
Claims
FAQS






BENEFIT
LIMIT


Deductibles
$0, $100, $250, $500, $1,000 or $2,500 per certificate period


Coinsurance – Claims incurred in U.S. or Canada
For the certificate period, underwriters will pay 80% of the next $5,000 of 
                                            eligible expenses after the deductible, then 100% to the overall maximum 
                                            limit. Coinsurance will be waived if expenses are incurred within the PPO 
                                            and expenses are submitted to underwriters for review and payment 
                                            directly to the provider.
                                        


Coinsurance – Claims incurred outside U.S. or Canada
For the certificate period, underwriters will pay 100% of eligible expenses after the 
                                            deductible up to the overall maximum limit


Hospital Room and Board
Average semi-private room rate, including nursing services


Local Ambulance
Usual, reasonable and customary charges, when covered illness or injury results in 
                                            hospitalization as inpatient


Intensive Care Unit
Usual, reasonable and customary charges


Emergency Room Copayment
In addition to coinsurance, the member shall be responsible for a $200 
                                            copayment for each use of emergency room for an illness unless the 
                                            member is admitted to the hospital. There will be no copayment for 
                                            emergency room treatment of an injury.


Urgent Care Center
For each visit, the member shall be responsible for a $50 copayment, after 
                                            which coinsurance will apply. Not subject to deductible.


Hospital Indemnity
$100  per  day  of  inpatient  hospitalization  (not  subject  to  deductible  or  coinsurance)


Physical Therapy
$50 maximum per day


All Other Eligible Medical Expenses
Usual, reasonable and customary charges


Acute Onset of Pre-existing Condition(excludes chronic and congenital conditions) (only available to members under age 70) 
 Overall maximum limit. $25,000 lifetime maximum for Emergency Medical Evacuation.


Emergency Dental (acute onset of pain)
$250 limit per certificate period (not subject to deductible or  
                                            coinsurance)


Emergency Medical Evacuation
$1,000,000 lifetime maximum, except as provided under acute onset of preexisting 
                                            condition (not subject to deductible or coinsurance)



                                            Return of Minor Children

                                            $50,000 per certificate period (not subject to deductible or coinsurance)
                                            Repatriation of Remains
                                            Overall maximum limit (not subject to deductible or coinsurance)


Pet  Return
Up to $1,000 to return a traveling pet home if member is hospitalized


Repatriation of Remains
Overall maximum limit (not subject to deductible or coinsurance)



                                            Emergency Reunion
                                        
                                            $50,000 limit per certificate period, subject to a maximum of 15 days  
                                            (not subject to deductible or coinsurance)


         
                                            Natural Disaster

                                            Maximum $100 a day for 5 days (not subject to deductible or coinsurance)



                                            Trip Interruption
                                        

                                            $5,000 limit per certificate period (not subject to deductible or coinsurance)



                                            Trip Delay
                                        

                                            $100 for a 12-hour delay requiring an unplanned overnight stay (2 days maximum).



                                            Lost Checked Luggage
                                        

                                            $500 limit per certificate period (not subject to deductible or coinsurance)
                                        



                                            Political Evacuation
                                        

                                            $10,000 lifetime maximum (not subject to deductible or coinsurance)
                                        



                                            Terrorism
                                        

                                            $50,000 maximum lifetime limit, eligible medical expenses only



                                            Accidental Death and Dismemberment 
                                            (excludes loss due to common carrier accident; $250,000 
                                            maximum benefit per any one family or group) 

                                            Not subject to deductible or coinsurance
                                        



                                            Members up to age 18
                                        

                                            Lifetime max. - $5,000; Death - $5,000; Loss of 2 limbs - $5,000; Loss of 1 limb - $2,500
                                        



                                            Members under age 18 through 69
                                        

                                            Lifetime max. - $50,000; Death - $50,000; Loss of 2 limbs - $50,000; Loss of 1 limb - $25,000
                                            Optional Accidental Death & Dismemberment buy-up of $50,000 to Lifetime max. $100,000
                                        



                                            Members under age 70 through 74
                                        

                                            Lifetime max. - $12,500; Death - $12,500; Loss of 2 limbs - $12,500; Loss of 1 limb - $6,250
                                        



                                            Members under age 75 and older
                                        

                                            Lifetime max. - $6,250; Death - $6,250; Loss of 2 limbs - $6,250; Loss of 1 limb - $3,125
                                        



                                            Common Carrier Accidental Death
                                            ($250,000 maximum benefit per any one family or group)
                                        

                                            Not subject to deductible or coinsurance
                                            Up to age 18 - $25,000 per member; Age 18 through 69 - $50,000 per member;
                                            Age 70 to 74 - $12,500 per member; Age 75 and older - $6,250
                                        



                                            Overall Maximum Limit Per Certificate Period
                                        

                                            Age 80 or older - $10,000; Age 70 to 79 - $50,000 or $100,000;
                                            All others - $50,000, $100,000, $200,000, $500,000 or $1,000,000

                                        



                                            Crisis Response
                                        

                                            $10,000 limit per certificate period;  Includes access to Unity Crisis Group services.
                                            Optional Crisis Response buy-up of $90,000 to Lifetime max. $100,000

                                        



                                            Personal Liability
                                        

                                            $10,000 lifetime maximum.
                                            Optional Personal Liability buy-up of $90,000 to Lifetime max. $100,000

                                        



                                            Bedside Visit
                                        

                                            $1,500 (economy ticket for family member to visit if member admitted to ICU).

                                        





Certain types of medical expenses are excluded from coverage under Atlas Travel® insurance. Some exclusions are listed here. Refer the Description of Coverage for the complete list of exclusions.

Pre-existing conditions — charges resulting directly or indirectly from any pre-existing condition, as herein defined, are excluded from this insurance unless it is a sudden and unexpected outbreak or recurrence that is of short duration and requires urgent care. Under Atlas Travel®, no coverage is available for known, scheduled, required, or expected medical care, drugs, or treatments existent or necessary prior to the effective date of coverage.
Routine medical examinations
Routine pre-natal care, pregnancy, child birth, and post-natal care
Medical expenses for injury or illness resulting from participation in extreme sports (see Description of Coverage for full list of excluded sports).



 



Does Atlas Travel® provide any coverage while I am in my home country?
Atlas Travel® does offer medical expense coverage in your home country in the following situations:

                                                Benefit Period –Atlas Travel® will cover eligible medical expenses in the member’s home country for 90 days after the beginning of treatment so long as the related illness or injury began while the certificate was still in effect and treatment began while the member was outside their home country.

                                                Incidental Home Country Coverage – For U.S. citizens, medical expenses are only covered during incidental trips home totaling no more than 15 days per three-month period of coverage. Incidental visit time must be used within the three-month period earned, and the member must continue his or her international trip in order to be eligible for this benefit. Medical expenses for non-U.S. citizens will be covered up to a maximum of 30 days for any three-month period. Medical expenses incurred in your home country will not be covered if your purpose for returning to your home country is to obtain treatment of an illness or injury that began while traveling. 
Will Atlas Travel® cover me on trips of a year or longer?
For non-U.S. citizens or residents whose travel does not include the U.S. or U.S. territories, the maximum coverage duration is 365 days. Additionally, coverage may be renewed up to 2 additional coverage periods. Coverage renewal requires satisfaction of a new deductible and coinsurance. Renewals may be filed through the Client Zone.
                                                For all other travelers, the maximum duration is 364 days, and coverage is not renewable. 
How do I cancel my Atlas Travel® coverage?
You may submit a written cancellation request to HCCMIS prior to the effective date of coverage for a full refund. If HCCMIS receives the cancellation request following the effective date of coverage, only the unused portion of premium will be refunded. A $25 cancellation fee will apply.
Will Atlas Travel® cover multiple trips? 
No. Atlas Travel® coverage is purchased for a duration you specify and applies to a single trip only. For coverage that applies to multiple trips, our Atlas MultiTrip™ product may work for you. 
Are there any countries not covered in my Atlas Travel® plan? 
Yes. Certain travel restrictions declared by the U.S. State Department, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), and certain OFAC sanctions, affect Atlas Travel® coverage.
Who is eligible for an Atlas Travel® insurance plan?
Anyone who is at least 14 days old and traveling internationally is eligible for coverage. . Policies must cover a minimum of five days; however, travel is not required for all five days. Applicants under age 70 may select an overall maximum limit ranging from $50,000 to $1,000,000. The overall maximum limit for members age 70 - 79 is $100,000, and the overall maximum limit for members over age 80 is $10,000 ($20,000 under Atlas Premium).
If I purchase an Atlas Travel® Insurance plan, when does coverage become effective, and when does it end?
Your Atlas Travel® insurance coverage becomes effective on the latest of:

the moment we receive your application and correct premium (if application and payment is made online or by fax)
12:01am on the date we receive your application and payment (if application and payment are made by mail)
the moment you depart from your home country
12:01am on the date you request on your application

Your coverage will end on the earliest of:

11:59pm on the last day of the period for which you have paid a premium,
11:59pm on the date requested on your application,
the moment of your arrival upon return to your home country (unless you have started a benefit period or are eligible for home country coverage)


Is Atlas Travel® extendable?
Following the initial purchase, Atlas Travel® coverage may be extended up to 364 days past the original effective date of coverage. Extension does not require satisfaction of a new deductible or coinsurance. File all extensions through the HCCMIS Client Zone with payment by credit card.
Will Atlas Travel® cover my dependents?
Yes.  You may purchase Atlas Travel® coverage for your spouse and any number of additional dependents. 
What is covered under the Atlas Travel® insurance plan?
To see an overview of the benefits provided under Atlas Travel® insurance coverage, please review our Atlas Travel® Insurance Coverage page. 
How do I extend or renew my Atlas Travel® insurance coverage?
After your initial purchase, you may extend your coverage (5 day minimum) up to a maximum of 364 days from the initial effective date. Provided there is no break in coverage, you will not be required to re-satisfy the Deductible and Coinsurance nor will benefit limits be reset. If you are covered under Atlas International, after 364 days of continuous coverage you may renew your coverage for up to two additional coverage periods. Deductible and Coinsurance must be re-satisfied as of each renewal date. If a new application is required, then you must re-satisfy your Deductible, Coinsurance and Pre-existing Condition provisions.
Extensions or renewals must be made online in the Client Zone with payment by credit card.

How do I extend my Atlas Travel® Insurance?

Follow the below instructions to EXTEND your Atlas Travel® medical insurance plan:

Go to the HCC Client Zone at: https://zone.hccmis.com/clientzone/
To login, you will need to enter your Certificate/ID number (ID #) and your password.  If you don’t know your password, click the “forgot password“? button and enter your Certificate ID (ID #) and your date of birth.  Click “Login.“?
Click "Extend Coverage".?
Enter the extension of coverage date. Click “Recalculate.“? Click “Proceed to Payment Page.“?
Enter payment information.  Click “Extend My Coverage.“?
The email you enter in the payment information will receive coverage confirmation. 











      






 
LIFE INSURANCE QUOTES 
                            IN 3 EASY STEPS



 BECOME OUR SUBAGENT 



IMG-POLICY RENEWAL LINK










     



 