

















William Atwell | Directors | Blucora  - IR Site















        Skip to main navigation
      















Investor Center








Press Releases


Events and Presentations


Corporate Governance


Financial Information


Stock Information


Investor FAQs


Email Alerts











Volume
52 Week High
52 Week Low









  Copyright Nasdaq. Minimum 15 minutes delayed.



William Atwell







        
          William

          L.

          Atwell

        
      
Chairman
William L. “Bill” Atwell was appointed as the company’s chairman of the board of directors in March 2017. Mr. Atwell has more than 40 years of financial services experience and is currently a Managing Director at Atwell Partners, LLC.
Mr. Atwell retired as President of Cigna International in May 2012, where he was responsible for Cigna’s global business unit delivering access to superior quality healthcare and innovative financial protection programs to businesses, affinity groups and individuals around the world. He also served for four years as Senior Vice President at CIGNA Healthcare, responsible for sales and health plan operations in the United States. Before being named President of CIGNA International, Mr. Atwell provided consulting and market insights to the financial services industry while also serving on the Boards of USI Holdings Corporation and Fairfield University. Prior to that, he was President/EVP with The Charles Schwab Corporation, responsible for a broad array of individual investment and banking products. Mr. Atwell spent twenty three years with Citibank where he led the company’s retail business in Belgium, France and Luxembourg. Previously, he was CEO of Citibank (Illinois) and Citibank (NYS).
Mr. Atwell is a graduate of C.W. Post College and earned an M.B.A. from Long Island University. Currently, he serves on the Board of Directors of Webster Financial Corporation (NYSE: WBS) and as an Independent Trustee of AQR Mutual Funds (AQR Capital Management LLC).
Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee



















William L Atwell - Darien, CT | Intelius



























Sign In



We found William L Atwell in Darien, CT


William L Atwell

                                                                           Intelius found that William L Atwell  is  a male between 60 and 70 years old from Darien, CT.  We have connected them to
                14 addresses,
                9 phones,
                and 2 relatives or associates.
         





Also Known As

Bill  Atwell


Get Report Now

Age

William L Atwell is in his 60s

William Has Lived In

Darien, CT
Cos Cob, CT
Bieber, CA

William's Relatives

Margaret Atwell
Christopher Atwell







William L Atwell



Zodiac SignCancer



GenderMale



Professional Status
President, Cigna International at CIGNA Corporation



Get Report Now










Want to know more about William? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about William, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on William L Atwell
Get a Criminal Check on William L Atwell
Get a Public Record Report on William L Atwell
Get a People Search Report on William L Atwell


William L Atwell's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where William L Atwell has lived as well as William L Atwell's phone numbers and email addresses.




William L Atwell Has Lived in 6 States
Connecticut Address for William L Atwell


10 C**** R* 

Darien, CT


Has Lived In

Darien, CT
Cos Cob, CT


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with William L Atwell

(207) ***-**** - Kennebunkport, ME 
(203) ***-**** - Darien, CT 
(860) ***-**** - Bloomfield, CT 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with William L Atwell

b*********l@***.com


Get Email Report




William L Atwell's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about William L Atwell's academic history.  Find out which schools William L Atwell attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees William L Atwell received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


William L Atwell Has Attended 1 School
Elmont Memorial High School 1964 – 1968                              


William L Atwell's Professional Information
Information regarding William L Atwell's professional history.  Find out previous places William L Atwell has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


William L Atwell Has Worked at 1 Place
Company: CIGNA Corporation
               Title: President, Cigna International
William L Atwell's Experience
Title: President, Cigna International
               Company: CIGNA Corporation
Job Details
               Company Size: $1 bil and above - Employee Range: 25,000 to less than 100,000
Additional Professional Information on William L Atwell

 See William L Atwell's LinkedIn Profile



William L Atwell's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for William L Atwell


William L Atwell's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of William L Atwell's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
William Atwell
Username Matches

                  WilliamAtwell
                  AtwellWilliam
                  William.Atwell
                  Atwell.William
                  William_Atwell
                  Atwell_William
                  William-Atwell
                  Atwell-William
                  WAtwell
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
W Atwell







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.















William Atwell  Obituary  - Saint Augustine, Florida - Tributes.com
















































- ADVERTISEMENT -















		Play Music
	


		Pause Music
	



A
A
A










Tweet





Help





 | 

Login

 | 

Sign Up











 Obituary Search Advanced Search


State
AL
AK
AR
AZ
CA
CO
CT
DC
DE
FL
GA
HI
IA
ID
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MA
MD
ME
MI
MN
MO
MS
MT
NC
ND
NE
NH
NJ
NM
NV
NY
OH
OK
OR
PA
PR
RI
SC
SD
TN
TX
UT
VT
VA
WA
WI
WV
WY

















Obituary   Search

Advanced Search
Browse by Location
Browse Most Recent
Browse by Date
Find a Funeral Home




Celebrity Deaths

Celebrity Death News
Celebrity Deaths by Category
This Week in History
Year in Review





Sympathy Flowersby your Local Florist



CreateObituary


Grief RecoveryCenter



					Start a Family Tree
	                





Find aFuneral Home











Celebrity Obituaries

Review this week's trending celebrity news stories









William L. Atwell Obituary
			








Remember
		


William L. Atwell



                	December 26, 1929 - January 16, 2011
                	
                	
                		




                    Saint Augustine, Florida
                    



Set a Reminder for the Anniversaryof William's Passing




Forward to Family & Friends




Share a Memory




Add a Photo




Print



Contact Support


Upgrade


Death Certificates












Obituary










Share This Obituary























			Obituary
        


Send Condolences


Upgrade


Memory Book











							SignMemory Book
							




							Record An Audio Memory
							




						Light A Candle
						














Sympathy Flowers







St. Augustine, FL - William L. Atwell, 81, formerly of Cumberland, MD and Madison, OH, died Sunday, January 16, 2011, at his residence in St. Augustine, FL. Born December 26, 1929, in Cumberland, MD, he was the son of the late Russell L. Atwell and Margaret E. (Hickman) Atwell. He was preceded in death by his wife of 49 years, Nancy A. (Johnson) Atwell in 2005, two sisters; Betty (Atwell) Harris, Denny (Atwell) Nave and one brother, James R. Atwell, and one grandson, Maxwell Atwell. William was a graduate of Shaw High School, class of 1947, and attended Case Western Reserve University.Mr. Atwell was a corporate officer and part owner of Quartz Scientific, Inc. Upon his retirement in 1996, he and his wife relocated to Florida. They were also summer residents of Deer Isle, Maine for more than 40 years. Mr. Atwell enjoyed travel, including trips to the American West, Japan and Europe. He had a lifelong love for railroads and spent many hours watching the trains go by, especially while visiting Cumberland. He is survived by two sons; Jeffrey J. Atwell of St. Augustine, FL, Christopher L. Atwell and wife, Leah, of Mayfield Heights, OH, two daughters; Karen Ann Atwell of Deer Isle, Maine, and Amy E. Atwell and husband, Kirby Anderson, of St. Augustine, FL. Also surviving are five grandchildren; Julie (Atwell) Sterle, Benjamin Atwell, William R. Atwell, Private Theodore Atwell of the U.S. Army, Abigail Steinsieck, and one great-grandchild; Tyler Sterle. Friends will be received at the Behm Funeral Home, 26 River Street, Madison, OH, on Sunday, January 23, 2011 from 3:00 to 5:00 p.m. The funeral services will be conducted in the funeral home on Monday, January 24, at 10:00 a.m., with Christopher Atwell officiating. Per Mr. Atwell?s request, he will be shipped to Cumberland where the second Celebration of his life will be held at the Hafer Chapel of the Hills, 1302 National Hwy., LaVale at 10:00 a.m. on Wednesday, January 26, 2011 with Christopher Atwell officiating. Interment will follow in the Greenmount Cemetery in Cumberland, MD. Memorials may be made to his memory to: The Salvation Army. 










Send Condolences

Previous





Send Flowerss





Send Food





Plant a Tree in the Holy Land





Send a Personalized Card





Plant a Tree in the U.S.



Make a Donation




Send a Soup Gift Basket





Create An Oral History





Support Library





Plant Trees in Israel





Memorial Cards & Bookmarks






Next







SEARCH OTHER SOURCES

















Create An Online Memorial For William L. Atwell
The beautiful and interactive Eternal Tribute tells William's life story the way it deserves to be told in words, pictures and video.
Create an online memorial to tell that story for generations to come, creating a permanent place for family and friends to honor the memory of your loved one.
Select An Online Memorial Product:


Eternal Tribute
					



Military Tribute
					





View Example


View Example




View Example




$50.00
			
		
		Eternal Tribute
	

Online multimedia memorial with unlimited pictures, videos, music and more
Elegant, immersive format honors your loved one
Customizable themes, backgrounds and music give it that personal touch
Interactive Guest Book lets everyone share their memories and provide support


Processing...

Upgrade





			Tributes.com online obituaries now support Integrated Fundraisers powered by:
			
			If you create a GiveForward Fundraiser with your online obituary, it will be provided at no charge (a $50 value, discounted at checkout).
		








View Example




$50.00
			
		
		Military Tribute
		
	

Enjoy all the features of the Eternal Tribute
Preserve the memory and sacrifices of a loved one’s national service
Choose from five elegant military branch themes
Highlight military service details
Unlimited photos and military record information


Processing...

Upgrade













				Leave A Memory
			






							SignMemory Book
							




							Record An Audio Memory
							




						Light A Candle
						












Send Condolences




Send Flowerss





Send Food





Plant a Tree in the Holy Land





Send a Personalized Card





Plant a Tree in the U.S.



Make a Donation




Send a Soup Gift Basket





Create An Oral History





Support Library





Plant Trees in Israel





Memorial Cards & Bookmarks


















- ADVERTISEMENT -

















At Tributes.com we believe that Every Life has a Story  that deserves to be told and preserved.
Tributes.com is the online source for current local and national obituary news and a supportive community where friends and family can come together during times of loss and grieving to honor the memories of their loved ones with lasting personal tributes.
© 2017 Tributes, Inc. All rights reserved.

Terms of Use |
Privacy Policy |
Site Map




About

About Us
Media Center
Advertise with Us
Join our Media Network
Visit Legacy.com




Partners

Funeral Home Partners
Television & Radio Partners
Business Partners



Customer Service

FAQ
Contact Us
Latest Obituaries
Pet Tributes



Funeral Homes

Find a Funeral Home
Become a Partner
Partner Information
Funeral Home Central


































News on William L. Atwell


























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology















                                Person                            


                                    William L. Atwell                                    ▼





                                Topic                            


                                    All Topics                                    ▼








Organizations

                                Find news about organizations
                            





Alumni

                                Find news on alumni of any org
                            





Industries

                                Find news on a particular market
                            





Your Contacts

                                Find news on your contacts
                            








Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed:











By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions


















Follow




                            Change Feed
                        


William L. Atwell











Blucora Appoints Two New Independent Directors


                                February 28, 2017                                 • 
                                GlobeNewswire                            


                                  ... small businesses and tax professionals, today announced that it has appointed William L. Atwell and H. McIntyre "Mac" Gardner to its Board of Directors, effective ...
                                









Webster Financial names 2 directors


                                June 16, 2014                                 • 
                                SNL Financial                            


                                  ... Waterbury, Conn.-based Webster Financial Corp. on June 12 announced the appointments of William Atwell and Elizabeth Flynn as board directors of the company and unit ...
                                









Atwell, Flynn Webster named to Webster Financial board


                                June 13, 2014                                 • 
                                Banking and Credit News                            


                                  ... US-based bank holding company Webster Financial Corp. (NYSE: WBS) said that William L Atwell and Elizabeth Flynn have been appointed to its and Webster Bank's ...
                                









Kelly Grgich, Christopher Atwell


                                June 30, 2013                                 • 
                                The New York Times - Biographical Materials                            








Related News Feeds






Atwell Partners LLC







Alumni of Long Island University







William L. Atwell

























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink



 






Want to see the full history of news or view news on a particular date? Upgrade to RelSci Professional now!


Start My Free Trial  ➤










 Industry:




 Select a Topic:



 Keyword:



Go  ➤









 Find an Organization:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Find a Person:






 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤









 Name of a School:







 Or Name of an Organization:









 Select a Topic:




 Keyword:




Go  ➤








Thank you. You are now subscribed.Please wait for the page to refresh...










You are now subscribed to this feed.










You have unsubscribed to this feed.










Thank you. You can now subscribe to more RelSci news feeds.










 To subscribe to more than one feed, please enter a password.




 Please confirm your password



Go  ➤








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Follow News On Your Contacts

Upgrade to RelSci Pro now to easily sync your contacts and stay in the know on the news about the people important to you.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now








You've found a premium RelSci Pro feature!



Search News On Keywords

Curate your news even further with the ability to filter feeds based on specific keywords mentioned in the articles.


Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.



Not Now













Industries

                        Find news on a particular market
                    





People

                        Find news about people
                    





Organizations

                        Find news about organizations
                    





Alumni

                        Find news on alumni of any org
                    





Your Contacts

                        Find news on your contacts
                    












                Free Daily Alerts
            


                Sign up for free daily alerts on this feed
            




Sign Up ➤

                    By pressing Sign Up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and the LexisNexis Terms & Conditions




                Already have an account?  Click here to login.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤






















William L. Atwell - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















William L. Atwell
Board Member at Webster Financial Corporation


View Full Profile
Are you William L. Atwell? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William L. Atwell's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in William L. Atwell's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William L. Atwell's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William L. Atwell through your network of contacts.
												








William L. Atwell's Executive Work History


Current


Board Member, 
Webster Financial Corporation


Board Member, 
Blucora, Inc.


Past
To view William L. Atwell's complete executive work history, sign up now
Age
66

 
 


William L. Atwell's Biography



William L. Atwell was appointed as Chairman of the Board on March 1, 2017. Mr. Atwell has been Managing Director of Atwell Partners, a financial services consulting firm, since June 2012. From September 2008 to May 2012, Mr. Atwell was President, International, of CIGNA Corporation, a global financial services company. Prior to 2008, Mr. Atwell held senior executive positions with Charles Schwab Corporation, CIGNA and Citigroup, Inc. Mr. Atwell is a director of Webster Financial Corporation, a NYSE listed commercial banking company.
Relevant Qualifications and Experience:  Mr. Atwell brings extensive relevant industry experience and knowledg ...
(Read More)

			William L. Atwell was appointed as Chairman of the Board on March 1, 2017. Mr. Atwell has been Managing Director of Atwell Partners, a financial services consulting firm, since June 2012. From September 2008 to May 2012, Mr. Atwell was President, International, of CIGNA Corporation, a global financial services company. Prior to 2008, Mr. Atwell held senior executive positions with Charles Schwab Corporation, CIGNA and Citigroup, Inc. Mr. Atwell is a director of Webster Financial Corporation, a NYSE listed commercial banking company.
Relevant Qualifications and Experience:  Mr. Atwell brings extensive relevant industry experience and knowledge to the Board, having spent more than 40 years in the financial services industry as an executive at CIGNA, The Charles Schwab Corporation and Citigroup. The Board believes Mr. Atwell's extensive financial services industry experience will provide valuable assistance to the Board and the Company as it continues its transformation into a technology enabled financial solutions company and seeks to realize synergies across its TaxAct and HD Vest businesses.
		
Source: Blucora, Inc. on 03/17/2017
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view William L. Atwell's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like William L. Atwell. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in William L. Atwell's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in William L. Atwell's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with William L. Atwell through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: William L. Atwell


















William L. Atwell's Connections (166)





Sign up now to view William L. Atwell's 166 connections »









David B. Yoffie
Board Member, Intel Corporation









Jason D. Sadler
President, International Markets, Cigna









John M. Murabito
Executive Vice President, Human Resources and Services and Cigna Corporation, Cigna









William D. Zollars
Board Member, Cigna









Linnet F. Deily
Board Member, Chevron Corporation









Robert N. Wilson
Former Senior Vice Chairman, Johnson & Johnson









Herbert A. Fritch
Former Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer, HealthSpring Inc.









Matthew G. Manders
President, Government and Individual Programs and Group Insurance, Cigna









David M. Cordani
Dir., Chief Executive Officer and President, Cigna









James E. Rogers
Board Member, Cigna








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Daniel A. DeMatteo
Executive Chairman, GameStop Corp.









David J. O'Connor
President and CEO, The Madison Square Garden Company












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993



























Blucora appoints Bill Atwell and Mac Gardner to its Board as Independent Directors





























































































































[email protected]








twitterlinkedin







About

Our Vision, our Mission
Our Team
Our Values
Our Partners
FAQ
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy


Board News

latest Board News
Board News by location…

Europe
USA / Canada
Middle East
all the others


Board News by company type

Public / Listed
VC / PE backed
Privately held
Trust / Fund / REIT


Board News by industry…

Life Sciences / Health Care
Financials
Information Technology


Women on Board
submit a Press Release


Board Directory

Company Press Releases
Public / Listed
Global 500
Fortune 500
Private or VC / PE backed
Unicorns
Trust / Fund


Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register

Select PageAbout    Our Vision, our Mission
    Our Team
    Our Values
    Our Partners
    FAQ
    Terms & Conditions
    Privacy policy
Board News    latest Board News
    Board News by location…        Europe
        USA / Canada
        Middle East
        all the others
    Board News by company type        Public / Listed
        VC / PE backed
        Privately held
        Trust / Fund / REIT
    Board News by industry…        Life Sciences / Health Care
        Financials
        Information Technology
    Women on Board
    submit a Press Release
Board Directory    Company Press Releases
    Public / Listed
    Global 500
    Fortune 500
    Private or VC / PE backed
    Unicorns
    Trust / Fund
Newsletter
Contact
Log In
Register







HomeBoard - USA / Can. Board Listed/Public Companies Blucora appoints Bill Atwell and Mac Gardner to its Board as Independent Directors Blucora appoints Bill Atwell and Mac Gardner to its Board as Independent Directors








February 28, 2017
By  Talent4Boards Team
Comments are Off
Board - USA / Can., Board Listed/Public Companies


– USA, WA – Blucora, Inc. (NASDAQ:BCOR), a leading provider of technology-enabled financial solutions to consumers, small businesses and tax professionals, today announced that it has appointed William L. Atwell and H. McIntyre “Mac” Gardner to its Board of Directors, effective March 1, at which time Mr. Atwell will also become Chairman of the Board. These appointments are designed to evolve the Blucora Board to support its previously announced transition to a technology enabled financial solutions company. These additions follow the decisions by John E. Cunningham IV, Blucora’s Chairman, and David H.S. Chung to retire from the Board.
Mr. Atwell has more than 40 years of financial services experience from his executive positions at CIGNA, The Charles Schwab Corporation and Citigroup. He most recently served as President of CIGNA’s International business before retiring in 2012 to run his own financial services consulting firm, Atwell Partners LLC.
Mr. Gardner brings decades of leadership and operating experience in the wealth and consumer products industries, having most recently served as the Head of Americas Region and Global Bank Group, Global Private Client at Merrill Lynch.
John S. Clendening, Blucora’s President and Chief Executive Officer, said, “We are pleased to welcome both Bill and Mac to the Board. As we enter the final phase of our multi-stage transition to a technology-enabled financial solutions company, we are delighted to have identified two new members who are perfectly suited to help us advance our strategic transformation. Bill’s track record of growing customer satisfaction and leading global financial service companies, together with Mac’s consumer product and wealth management expertise, make them a perfect fit for the new Blucora. The Board and I look forward to working with Bill and Mac to build upon the Company’s financial and operational strengths.”
Clendening continued, “On behalf of the Board, I thank John and David for their service, leadership and countless contributions to the Company. John and David played an important role in the successful evolution of Blucora and we wish them the best.”
“This is an exciting time for the Company,” said Mr. Atwell, “and I am eager to begin collaborating with the other members of the Board to enhance value for Blucora stockholders. Blucora has made significant progress on its strategic transformation and, as Chairman, I will focus on ensuring that Blucora achieves its full potential.”
“I am honored to have served as Chairman and lead independent director of Blucora,” said Mr. Cunningham. “Working closely with the talented management team and Board, we helped grow the Company and position its two strong businesses in attractive markets. I am confident that Blucora will continue to thrive and drive long-term stockholder value.”
Following today’s appointments, the Blucora Board will be comprised of nine directors, eight of whom are independent, and four of whom joined the Board within the last three years.
About William L. Atwell
William L. “Bill” Atwell is a Managing Director at Atwell Partners, LLC. Mr. Atwell retired as President of Cigna International in May 2012, where he was responsible for Cigna’s global business unit delivering access to superior quality healthcare and innovative financial protection programs to businesses, affinity groups and individuals around the world. He also served for four years as Senior Vice President at CIGNA Healthcare, responsible for sales and health plan operations in the United States. Before being named President of CIGNA International, Mr. Atwell provided consulting and market insights to the financial services industry while also serving on the Boards of USI Holdings Corporation and Fairfield University. Prior to that, he was President/EVP with The Charles Schwab Corporation, responsible for a broad array of individual investment and banking products. Mr. Atwell spent twenty three years with Citibank where he led the company’s retail business in Belgium, France and Luxembourg. Previously, he was CEO of Citibank (Illinois) and Citibank (NYS). Mr. Atwell is a graduate of C.W. Post College and earned an M.B.A. from Long Island University. Currently, he serves on the Board of Directors of Webster Financial Coporation (NYSE:WBS) and as an Independent Trustee of AQR Mutal Funds (AQR Capital Management LLC).
About H. McIntyre Garder
H. McIntyre “Mac” Gardner most recently served as the Head of Americas Region and Global Bank Group, Global Private Client at Merrill Lynch. Prior to joining Merrill Lynch in 2000, Mr. Gardner was the President and Chief Operating Officer of Helen of Troy Limited, a personal care products manufacturer. Mr. Gardner began his career with Merrill Lynch in 1983 in the Corporate and Institutional Client Group (now Global Markets & Investment Banking), as a Financial Analyst in Corporate Finance and Mergers and Acquisitions. Mr. Gardner earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in religion from Dartmouth College in 1983.
About Blucora
Blucora, Inc. (NASDAQ:BCOR) is a leading provider of technology-enabled financial solutions to consumers, small businesses and tax professionals. Our products and services in tax preparation and wealth management, through TaxAct and HD Vest, help consumers manage their financial lives. TaxAct is an affordable digital tax preparation solution for individuals, business owners and tax professionals. HD Vest Financial Services supports an independent network of tax professionals who provide comprehensive financial planning solutions.
For more information : http://www.blucora.com
- Disclaimer - News, data and statement included in this release are intended exclusively for information purposes. Product and brand names used in this release maybe trademarks or registered trade marks of their respective owners. Talent4Boards accepts neither liability for the consequences of the reader’s reliance, nor responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. No data or statement in this release should be considered a recommendation for the purchase, retention or sale of the securities referred to herein.Other related posts:Blucora adds Georganne Proctor and Steven Aldrich to its Board as Independent DirectorsBlucora appoints Chris Walters to its Board of DirectorsMoneysupermarket.com appoints Andrew Fisher to the Board as a Non-Executive DirectorTalent4Boards Teamhere the original post => 





Comments are closed.



Latest Boardroom News


CenterState Banks appoints David Salyers to the Board of Directors
July 20, 2017



Insight Engines announces David Hornik and Erik Swan to Board along with raising $15.8m Series A funding led by August Capital
July 20, 2017



Plexchat announces Gordon Rubenstein to its Board along with raising $7m seed funding led by Raine Ventures
July 20, 2017



Square appoints Randy Garutti to its Board of Directors
July 20, 2017



TemperPack announces Robert Beckler and Cody Nystrom to Board along with raising $10m Series A financing led by SJF Ventures
July 20, 2017











Random BoardsCallMinerRogers CorporationMaxwell TechnologiesPilot Growth EquityForward Pharma











© 2013-2017 - Talent4Boards Inc. - All rights reserved.  - Geneva - Miami - London - Boston - Paris - Shanghai - Monaco -



































 






William Atwell Death Records | MooseRoots






 








 






  dqwzcewzfzuzuffvxxuzxcyauyrvqbzuce






					Names				

					WWII Army Enlistment				



				More 





 Search






							Death Records							×














 










Menu





Filter


Death Records








Home › Death Records › William Atwell
Find William Atwell Death Records



						Results					


						Guide					









Filter




Sort




View							


List									



Guide									





Share









Share
















Name  
Name  
Location of Death  
Location of Death  
Dates  
Dates  
Source  
Social Security Number Social Security Number (SSN) previously assigned to the deceased. 














filtered by: 
 -  Clear filter












Loading Death Records


NameLocationDetailsWilliam Vincent AtwelldqwzcewzfzuzuffvxxuzxcyauyrvqbzuceSolonBorn: March 4, 1946Died: September 15, 2016Age At Death: 70
... See more at Tributes.com
Run a Background Check on WilliamWilliam Bill AtwellSigourney, IowaBorn: March 20, 1939Died: June 22, 2015Age At Death: 76
... See more at Tributes.com
Run a Background Check on WilliamWilliam L. AtwellSigourney, IowaBorn: March 20, 1939Died: June 22, 2015Age At Death: 76
... See more at Tributes.com
Run a Background Check on WilliamWilliam Coy AtwellCaliforniaBorn: June 11, 1927Died: January 7, 1991Gender: MaleRun a Background Check on WilliamWilliam H. AtwellCaliforniaBorn: February 2, 1902Died: November 23, 1974Gender: MaleRun a Background Check on WilliamWilliam C. AtwellCaliforniaBorn: July 15, 1905Died: June 20, 1973Gender: MaleRun a Background Check on WilliamWilliam J. AtwellCaliforniaBorn: October 13, 1892Died: May 7, 1970Gender: MaleRun a Background Check on WilliamWilliam H. AtwellCaliforniaBorn: December 30, 1887Died: January 29, 1968Gender: MaleRun a Background Check on WilliamWilliam J. AtwellCaliforniaBorn: January 26, 1905Died: March 7, 1964Gender: MaleRun a Background Check on WilliamWilliam Valentine AtwellCaliforniaBorn: February 14, 1889Died: October 1, 1953Gender: MaleRun a Background Check on WilliamWilliam Lee AtwellCaliforniaBorn: September 15, 1878Died: June 13, 1952Gender: MaleRun a Background Check on WilliamWilliam L. AtwellFayette County, KentuckyDied: February 28, 2006Run a Background Check on WilliamWilliam E. AtwellCaliforniaBorn: February 10, 1866Died: April 26, 1940Gender: MaleRun a Background Check on WilliamWilliam J. AtwellSt. Louis City, St. Louis County, MissouriCertificate Number: 32846Run a Background Check on WilliamWilliam C. AtwellPolk County, MissouriDied: April 10, 1957Certificate Number: 14232Run a Background Check on WilliamWilliam S. AtwellLinn County, MissouriDied: September 25, 1933Certificate Number: 30175Run a Background Check on WilliamWm H. AtwellAdair County, MissouriDied: September 6, 1928Certificate Number: 29602Run a Background Check on WmWilliam AtwellMiller County, MissouriDied: March 24, 1932Certificate Number: 9280Run a Background Check on WilliamWilliam H. AtwellDavidson County, TennesseeDied: July 24, 1915Certificate Number: 66Run a Background Check on WilliamWilliam AtwellButler County, OhioDied: October 26, 1926Certificate Number: 032796Gender: MaleRun a Background Check on William  
Sources: California Department of Public Health, Missouri Digital Heritage, Ohio Department of Health, Tennessee State Library & Archives, Kentucky Cabinet for Health and Family Services, and 14 more. Show details  Hide details  











Your List			
Your List is the collection of listings you have seen or added to compare.


Clear



Add a death record to your listSelect the "Add to Compare" link located below the tile of any listing to add an item to your list.
Compare Now







  
 

Related Topics On 









Death Records






Gunhill Carlsen Death Records






Product Related Injuries






Woodrow Camel Death Records






World War II Prisoner of War Camps






Mathilda Piontek Death Records






1940 Census






Lim Yon Death Records

 












					More Death Records by name				



Sandra Fisher
Eugene Griesbaum
Joseph Carson
James Marrs
Sopie Little






					More Genealogy Records				



William Atwell Marriage Divorce Records
William Atwell Birth Records
William Atwell US Census Records
William Atwell 1940 Census Records
William Atwell Grave Records
William Atwell World War II Army Enlistment Records
William Atwell Civil War Records



Death Records By Name
Death Records by State


 

BlkHol Email


Welcome to 
Hi! We see you would like to submit a rating. Please login or create an account to do so. Thank you!


Sign In With




Login with Google




Login with Facebook
 We'll never post without your permission.



Don't have an account?
Sign Up Now




Privacy
Terms & Conditions









						© 2017 Graphiq Inc. All Rights Reserved.
						
Support
Terms
Privacy
Ad Choices and Cookie Policy










 
 




 

























Blucora Home | Blucora  - IR Site















        Skip to main navigation
      



















We turn taxes into opportunity

          For many, taxes represent anxiety and lack of control. We‘re changing that, by empowering people with tools, knowledge, and sevices that help them to use their taxes to increase wealth and improve their financial future.
        















Taxes Matter
Taxes affect us through every stage of life, yet many people are not aware of the opportunities that taxes present for both short and long term financial benefit. Blucora is uniquely able to help people reap those benefits through our integrated suite of products and services, which enable people to accurately file their taxes with optimal deductions and savings, while also giving them the ability to use their tax data for investing.



Do-it-yourself Tax filing
TaxAct is the simple and affordable online tax filing system that makes it easy for people to accurately file their own taxes and discover opportunities for tax savings.
Learn More



Tax-Smart Investing for individuals
BluVest empowers people with the tools and knowledge they need to take control of their financial future. We assist at all levels of wealth management, from those just beginning to build their savings, to those growing and preserving their nest egg.
Learn More



Tax-advantaged wealth management
HD Vest provides financial advisors, CPAs, and tax professionals with gold-standard support, training, and tools that enable them to offer tax-advantaged investing and weath management to their clients.
Learn More










Latest News




 

June 27, 2017
 Toggle SummaryHD Vest Brings Together Over 1,500 Independent Financial Advisors, Experts and Industry Thought Leaders at CONNECT2017
 

 

June 19, 2017
 Toggle SummaryBlucora Announces Appointment of Ann Bruder as Chief Legal Officer
 

 

June 15, 2017
 Toggle SummaryHD Vest Enhances Executive Team with Appointment of James T. Hickey as Chief Investment Strategist
 

 

June 1, 2017
 Toggle SummaryBlucora Announces New Board Members
 

 

May 23, 2017
 Toggle SummaryBlucora Announces Closing of New Credit Facility
 








Newsroom










Careers
We’re a team of smart and enthusiastic people from different walks of life, but sharing a common vision. Come join us as we build software and services that help millions of people every year master their taxes and take contol of their financial future.
Open Positions



















