




Authomate   » About Us


















































































































Open MenuSolutions
Features And Benefits
Get it Now
About Us

Company
Authomate Innovation Lab


Sign In






 





 
“Security and convenience shouldn’t have to be a choice. You need both to Set Yourself Free” – Authomate Team.

Who Are We
The Authomate team has a driving goal of providing secure access to what matters most to you, and a passion based on the belief that security can be made stronger and convenient. Built by a team with decades of security, infrastructure, defense and intelligence experience, we have collaborated to create a foundational suite of solutions that brings a paradigm shift in authentication that saves cost and brings stronger security made easier to use.

What We Do
At Authomate, we believe security and convenience shouldn’t have to be a choice.  By leveraging the first truly connected personal extension of you – your smartphone – we have developed an industry-defining, pioneering approach to identity and access management (IAM) that is more secure, intuitive, user-friendly, and cost effective than alternatives in the market.

We accomplish this through the StrongPass Business suite of solutions which embraces a patented and secure cloud service using true out-of-band, multi-channel and bi-directional authentication flows that orchestrates the movement of credentials away from malicious actors. 
As the industries move towards the use of context aware parameters for better access decisions, StrongPass introduces location, intent, presence, and persistence. Thus allowing companies to further align their user risk profiles to their security strategies and place security “where” it counts.
Our Team
Piyush BhatnagarFounder, Chief Visionary Officer & CTOSHOW VISIONSHOW BIO
I am passionate about network security and have been associated with this space for more than 20 years. The incidences of security vulnerabilities and hacks have dramatically increased over the years and the industry has seen a number of solutions created to address them. These solutions do improve security, but also makes everything more complicated. I started Authomate with an objective of making stronger security easier to use.My vision for Authomate is to make security stronger and simple, while giving control back to the user. Authomate is about taking control of personal and professional information and credentials, protecting them in a single, secure location, and giving that information only to those that can be trusted with it. We have built something unique that changes how authentication works, and enables users to manage their own identity and information without losing touch with the digital world.
Piyush founded Authomate in 2012 to simplify online security and bring strong authentication to every aspect of life without any added complexity. Piyush remained the founding CEO till January 2015, when he expanded the management team and brought in Jeff as the new CEO. As the Chief Visionary Officer and  CTO, Piyush is responsible for leading innovation at Authomate, developing the short/long term company vision and the product development/delivery. Authomate brings together his experiences creating and launching software products, with his passion for wanting to protect people in an increasingly unsafe online environment.Piyush is a seasoned technology executive and entrepreneur and has worked for Defense, Information technology, and network security companies. He has extensive leadership experience, specializing in setting-up, grooming and managing high performance, dynamic, global software teams, and a track record executing product strategy and vision. In his nearly 25-year career, Piyush has worked in small startups as well as large companies while successfully leading numerous product launches and cross-functional operations. Piyush has been recognized repeatedly inside Bell Labs and Alcatel-Lucent with individual contribution awards and a nomination to the Alcatel-Lucent Technical Academy.Piyush received his MBA in General Management and Strategy from Cornell University's Johnson Graduate School of Management. In addition he holds a Masters Degree in Science (Computer Science) from Allahabad University as well as a Bachelor’s Degree in Science from University of Delhi.Jeff SchmidtPresident and Chief Executive Officer SHOW VISIONSHOW BIO
When I was first approached and asked to join the Authomate team, I was excited about the potential of both the company and its technology. The vision that was shared with me was not product-centric, but rather focused on reimagining and evolving processes and workflows that had been stoic and static for too long.Authomate’s solution is more than authentication. It’s orchestration. It takes the process of physically identifying an individual and applies it to the digital world.Most exciting of all, the company and its solutions are all about empowering the user through the use and manipulation of the hottest technologies – smartphones and cloud – to take their digital life back. Authomate doesn’t scare users into embracing strong, rigid security, it sets them free to conduct their digital business on their own terms without having to live in constant fear of breach or compromise.Jeff was appointed chief executive officer and president of Authomate Inc., in January 2015. In this role, Jeff is responsible for establishing the vision of Authomate, as well as developing and executing the company’s growth strategy to drive employee, client, and shareholder value. He has been at the center of innovative technology leadership throughout his career and has a passion for security solutions.Before joining Authomate, Jeff was the chief operating officer of SQS North America. His responsibilities included all day-to-day operations, including operational and financial management for all portfolio development and delivery for North America. Jeff helped drive significant growth in the SQS business in the US, achieving revenue of $20 million from a $2M baseline during his two-year tenure.Prior to SQS, Jeff led BT’s global security solution practice (BT Assure), which included customized products and managed security solutions for BT’s clients globally. This included the launch of BT’s Assure portfolio which when he left accounted for over $250m in annual revenue and growth rates upward of 20% across the portfolio. Under his leadership, BT Assure received accolades and recognition as a market leader in security by key industry analysts. His team developed and deployed “visual analytics” for intrusion detection, and the early adoption of cloud-based security solutions, which enabled “bring your own device” capabilities for enterprises globally.Jeff held leadership positions in the information technology sector for over 25 years with prominent companies such as Home Savings of America, Lucent, California State Automobile Association, Paramount Pictures, InCode Telecom Group, and International Network Services. Additionally, Jeff has worked closely with many industry-leading consultants and has presented at events held by Gartner, RSA, InfoSec, and Cisco.Looking to Join us?If you are looking to join a great team, we would love to hear from you. Send us an email with a short note and your resume to jobs@authomate.com 
I’ve been in the security space for more than 20 years. A decade ago, I realized that security was becoming complacent. Many security professionals felt that there wasn’t any more innovation that could occur.
But when you looked closer at the industry, you saw security professionals finding more and more holes, and adding more and more solutions to cover them up. This made security stronger, but it made everything else more complicated. Simultaneously, I watched over and over as vendors, retailers and bankers were entrusted with the PII of users and failed to protect it.
My vision for Authomate was to make strong security simple, while giving control back to the user. Authomate is about taking control of personal and professional information and credentials, protecting them in a single, secure location, and giving that information only to those that can be trusted with it. We have built something unique that changes how authentication works, and enables users to manage their own identity and information without losing touch with the digital world.


Piyush stepped into the chief technology officer (CTO) role of Authomate Inc., in January 2015. Piyush started Authomate INC as a founder and remained its founding CEO till Jan 2015, when he expanded the management team and brought in Jeff as the new CEO.
Piyush founded Authomate in 2012 to simplify online security and bring strong authentication to every aspect of life without any added complexity. As the CTO, Piyush is responsible for leading innovation at Authomate, developing the short/long term product vision and the product development/delivery.
Authomate brings together his experiences creating and launching software products, with his passion for wanting to protect people in an increasingly unsafe online environment.
Piyush is a seasoned technology executive and entrepreneur and has worked for Defense, Information technology, and network security companies. He has extensive leadership experience, specializing in setting-up, grooming and managing high performance, dynamic, global software teams, and a track record executing product strategy and vision. In his nearly 25-year career, Piyush has worked in small startups as well as large companies while successfully leading numerous product launches and cross-functional operations.
Piyush has been recognized repeatedly inside Bell Labs and Alcatel-Lucent with individual contribution awards and a nomination to the Alcatel-Lucent Technical Academy.
Piyush is a graduate of Cornell University. He received his MBA in General Management and Strategy from Cornell’s Johnson Graduate School of Management. In addition he holds a Masters Degree in Science (Computer Science) from Allahabad University as well as a Bachelor’s Degree in Science from University of Delhi.


When I was first approached and asked to join the Authomate team, I was excited about the potential of both the company and its technology. The vision that was shared with me was not product-centric, but rather focused on reimagining and evolving processes and workflows that had been stoic and static for too long.
Authomate’s solution is more than authentication. It’s orchestration. It takes the process of physically identifying an individual and applies it to the digital world.
Most exciting of all, the company and its solutions are all about empowering the user through the use and manipulation of the hottest technologies – smartphones and cloud – to take their digital life back. Authomate doesn’t scare users into embracing strong, rigid security, it sets them free to conduct their digital business on their own terms without having to live in constant fear of breach or compromise.


Jeff was appointed chief executive officer and president of Authomate Inc., in January 2015. In this role, Jeff is responsible for establishing the vision of Authomate, as well as developing and executing the company’s growth strategy to drive employee, client, and shareholder value. He has been at the center of innovative technology leadership throughout his career and has a passion for security solutions, as exemplified in his work at British Telecom (BT). Under his leadership, his team developed and deployed “visual analytics” for intrusion detection, and the early adoption of cloud-based security solutions, which enabled “bring your own device” capabilities for enterprises globally.
Before joining Authomate, Jeff was the chief operating officer of SQS North America.His responsibilities included all day-to-day operations, including operational and financial management for all portfolio development and delivery for North America. Jeff helped drive significant growth in the SQS business in the US, achieving revenue of $20 million from a $2M baseline during his two-year tenure.
Prior to SQS, Jeff led BT’s global security solution practice (BT Assure), which included customized products and managed security solutions for BT’s clients globally. This included the launch of BT’s Assure portfolio which when he left accounted for over $250m in annual revenue and growth rates upward of 20% across the portfolio. Under his leadership, BT Assure received accolades and recognition as a market leader in security by key industry analyst.
Jeff held leadership positions in the information technology sector for over 25 years with prominent companies such as Home Savings of America, Lucent, California State Automobile Association, Paramount Pictures, InCode Telecom Group, and International Network Services. Additionally, Jeff has worked closely with many industry-leading consultants and has presented at events held by Gartner, RSA, InfoSec, and Cisco.


Malicious actors have many ways to go after individuals and companies, whether it be for personal financial gain or to just create havoc. Everyday we’re witness to new breaches to companies, people or critical infrastructure.
In my previous position, I worked for a company that was creating a solution that could help save the planet from reliance on fossil fuels and global warming. It was this same altruistic vision that drew me to Authomate.
I feel that we have the ability to help a wide group of users – both individuals and businesses – that have been steps behind malicious actors for years. We have the ability to help keep them secure while not making their personal or professional lives more difficult or more complicated. That would be an amazing legacy for us to leave behind.


John joined Authomate in January of 2015 as the Chief Sales and Marketing Officer. In his leadership role, John is responsible for all revenue generation, market development, and customer/partner relationships that contribute to meeting the company’s short and long-term growth strategies.
John’s responsibilities extend as a member of the company’s board of directors, with oversight of the company’s formation and funding, and advisor to the product development team.
Prior to joining Authomate, John served as a senior executive, operational manager, or senior sales executive with many high technology companies and emerging market segments. Most recently with Zero Motorcycles, over a seven-year period, John led the global sales development for the early market strategy, the growth and expansion of sales (direct/indirect) internationally, and brought alternative revenue streams through complimentary channels.
Prior to this, John held various senior sales and operational management roles, spanning twenty years, where bringing new technologies and services into new/emerging markets were critical to each company’s success. John’s experiences with launching new technologies into new market segments, multi-industry expansion, and international expertise will help serve Authomate well in developing the business to initiate and sustain growth.
 John holds a BS degree in Business and Information Computing Systems from San Francisco State University.

Andrew FerrieraPrincipal ArchitectSHOW VISIONSHOW BIO
When Piyush first approached me to demonstrate what he was working on, I was impressed with how easy it could be to be secure.   Like so many others, I've had accounts broken into and a tax return hijacked and suffered the pain of having to change dozens of passwords over the years as e-tailers' information was compromised.   Being rather paranoid though, I hadn't trusted the run-of-the-mill password managers, but this was different.   I jumped at the chance to do something with an opportunity to make the digital world safer AND easier.Andy joined Authomate as the chief architect in 2015. He is a seasoned architect and technologist, with specialization in security. Andy is responsible for driving the vision for the Authomate framework, ensuring that it is secure, reliable, seamlessly integrated and user friendly.Before joining Authomate, Andy was the architect, lead developer and team leader for nearly 15 years for the Lucent Brick appliance – an award winning, highly secure firewall and VPN gateway. His particular expertise includes system analysis security and performance.In his nearly 30 year career building systems for AT&T, Lucent, and Alcatel-Lucent, Andy has designed and implemented systems ranging from tiny microcontrollers up to $100M, highly complex, network management systems.He has contributed significantly through nearly all aspects of a product lifecycle from early prototype, hiring, requirements, development, product test, customer support, and end-of-life activities. Throughout his career, Andy has led various sized development teams that have produced revolutionary and disruptive technologies in the technology and security sector.Andrew has been recognized repeatedly inside Alcatel-Lucent with Individual Contribution awards, a President’s award, and appointment to the Alcatel-Lucent Technical Academy (ALTA) as a Key Performer.Andrew is a graduate of Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute where he earned both a BSE and ME degree in Computer Systems Engineering – graduating summa cum laude in the top 1% of his class.Lesly MidouinDirector of Customer ExperienceSHOW VISIONSHOW BIO
When I was asked to Join Authomate it was a no brainer as credentials security is a concern for hundreds of millions individuals like myself who’s digital footprint is all over the Internet. With all the CO breaches being reported on a regular basis, changing password has become common place to stay ahead of the bad guys. Authomate’s secure credentials management technology provides peace of mind and ease of use. The use cases for Authomate are endless and to be part of this is very exciting.Les joined Authomate in August of 2015 as the Director of Customer Experience. In his role, Les is responsible for all quality assurance of all Authomate products, manage support to provide first class pre and post-sales support, review daily customer priorities and take appropriate action to ensure results are achieved, and instill a high performance culture with focus on service excellence and ownership for resolving customer issues.Prior to joining Authomate, Les served as a technical manager for Alcatel-Lucent security product for software development, system test, and support manager for teams in both the US and India. Les has 16 plus year working in the firewall security space. Les has 25 plus years working for AT&T/Lucent/Alcatel-Lucent Bell Labs working with ISP, Enterprise, and Government agency’s in support of a broad range of technologies.Les holds a BS degree in Computer Science from Monmouth University in New Jersey.Advisors
Megan BurtonSHOW VISIONSHOW BIO
I was intrigued when I learned of Authomate. Their technology taps into an unsolved issue in security. The relative ease and sophistication by which bad actors continue to gain and use stolen credentials to breach environments is alarming. The prevalence of these high profile instances increases the need for a solution like Authomate’s next generation authentication and credential orchestration solutions.I am excited by their technology and the brilliance of their team. I’m am pleased to be involved as they offer new insight and solutions into solving security issues.Megan Burton is a pioneer in the IT security industry and is well-known for her ability to push the envelope in security and risk management technology. She is the CEO and Founder of U.S based Fintech Company CoinX, a company dedicated to the development of technologies surrounding the financial services industry for Banks, Money Service Businesses, and Payment Service Providers.Former Chairman of the Board for Atlanta-based internet and security consulting company, SeeGee Technologies. In 2004 Megan founded the company as it grew to become one of the South East's Premier Security Service Providers to the Fortune 1000 companies. Megan has received a number of prestigious awards and has been recognized for her advocacy of women-owned businesses, as well as her significant contributions to civic and community causes.An activist to a number of national and Atlanta-based organizations and a mentor to other women business owners. Megan has received a number of prestigious awards and honors and has been formerly recognized by Women in Technology, Greater Women’s Business Council, NAWBO, and CRN. She is a serving member of the board for Barwick Bank and Chairman of YPO Atlanta.David ButzeSHOW VISIONSHOW BIO
As a former CEO, I managed many operational teams and I was ultimately responsible for technology, quality and cost controls. I was always looking for solutions that met business demands, scalability and affordability. Authomate has created a new generation security platform. They have figured out how to balance user convenience, an unparalleled authentication process, and lowering costs for companies that want to move strategically within risk-based and context-aware solutions. I am thrilled to bring my experiences to the Authomate team, providing support in business development, fund raising, and operational growth.David is a former CEO and President of several Services Organizations. His experience includes C-suite positions at public companies, leading an independent professional services firm and serving as president of the US unit of a worldwide telecommunications provider. As COO and then CEO of International Network Services, David built the global Sales and Operations infrastructure. He led the company through its evolution from a start-up through its stages as a public company, an acquisition by Lucent, a management buyout and eventually an acquisition by British Telecom.  During that period, the company closed and successfully integrated multiple acquisitions, launched numerous successful portfolio offerings and opened new markets both in the US and abroad.  As President of BT Americas, David turned around an under performing unit into a profitable $1B operation.David originally began his career in sales at organizations such as Unisys.  He currently sits on a number of boards and is an angel investor in a number of technology ventures.Jeff LeddySHOW VISIONSHOW BIO
I am excited to bring my extensive experience in developing technology businesses to the Authomate team, providing support in business development, product development, business growth management and fund raising. The Authomate product suite offers an exciting revolution in the next generation of data security and I am pleased to be supporting an excellent Authomate leadership team.Mr. Leddy recently retired as the Chief Executive Officer of Verizon Telematics, Inc. (f.k.a. Hughes Telematics). Verizon Telematics is the leading provider of full service connected services to the automobile industry providing services to both factory equipped vehicles and aftermarket vehicles. Mr. Leddy was the founder of Hughes Telematics in 2006 and provided executive leadership in the development of the company’s strategic vision and implementation of its connected car services. Mr. Leddy served as a member of its board of directors since the inception and as the Chief Executive Officer from December 2006.From June 2002 through December 2006, Mr. Leddy served as Chief Executive Officer and President of SkyTerra Communications, Inc. (SkyTerra). From September 1980 to December 2001, Mr. Leddy worked for EMS Technologies serving as its President for many of those years. Mr. Leddy presently serves on the board of directors for Global Eagle Entertainment. From 2005 to 2011, Mr. Leddy served on the board of directors of Hughes Communications, Inc. From 2006 to 2008, Mr. Leddy served on the board of directors of SkyTerra. Mr. Leddy received his bachelor’s degree in Physics from the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta, Georgia and a master’s degree in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University.
I was intrigued when I learned of Authomate. Their technology taps into an unsolved issue in security. The relative ease and sophistication by which bad actors continue to gain and use stolen credentials to breach environments is alarming. The prevalence of these high profile instances increases the need for a solution like Authomate’s next generation authentication and credential orchestration solutions.
I am excited by their technology and the brilliance of their team. I’m am pleased to be involved as they offer new insight and solutions into solving security issues.


Megan Burton is a pioneer in the IT security industry and is well-known for her ability to push the envelope in security and risk management technology. She is the CEO and Founder of U.S based Fintech Company CoinX a company dedicated to the development of technologies surrounding the financial services industry for Banks, Money Service Businesses, and Payment Service Providers.
Former Chairman of the Board for Atlanta-based internet and security consulting company, SeeGee Technologies. In 2004 Megan founded the company as it grew to become one of the South East’s Premier Security Service Providers to the Fortune 1000 companies. Megan has received a number of prestigious awards and has been recognized for her advocacy of women-owned businesses, as well as her significant contributions to civic and community causes.
An activist to a number of national and Atlanta-based organizations and a mentor to other women business owners. Megan has received a number of prestigious awards and honors and has been formerly recognized by Women in Technology, Greater Women’s Business Council, NAWBO, and CRN. She is a serving member of the board for Barwick Bank and Chairman of YPO Atlanta.


As a former CEO, I managed many operational teams and I was ultimately responsible for technology, quality and cost controls. I was always looking for solutions that met business demands, scalability and affordability. Authomate has created a new generation security platform. They have figured out how to balance user convenience, an unparalleled authentication process, and lowering costs for companies that want to move strategically within risk-based and context-aware solutions. I am thrilled to bring my experiences to the Authomate team, providing support in business development, fund raising, and operational growth.


David is a former CEO and President of several Services Organizations. His experience includes C-suite positions at public companies, leading an independent professional services firm and serving as president of the US unit of a worldwide telecommunications provider. 
As COO and then CEO of International Network Services, David built the global Sales and Operations infrastructure. He led the company through its evolution from a start-up through its stages as a public company, an acquisition by Lucent, a management buyout and eventually an acquisition by British Telecom.  During that period, the company closed and successfully integrated multiple acquisitions, launched numerous successful portfolio offerings and opened new markets both in the US and abroad.  As President of BT Americas, David turned around an under performing unit into a profitable $1B operation.
David originally began his career in sales at organizations such as Unisys.  He currently sits on a number of boards and is an angel investor in a number of technology ventures.


As a CIO for several profile organizations, I have seen the rise in the complexity and need to secure client and partner PII data, as well as corporate information assets. I have a somewhat direct and unique perspective on the corporate security challenges. Authomate’s value approach to provide the balance between ease of use, robust security and lower costs can significantly resolve real risks companies have today both within their organization and for their clients.


Dante is currently the Global Head of Technology at Gravitas, a leading provider of Technology and Solutions to Hedge Funds and Private Equity Funds.
Prior to joining Gravatis, Dante served as the US CIO of BMO Financial Corporation and the CTO for Wells Fargo Home Mortgage and Consumer Credit. He has also held senior roles at Wall Street industry leaders that include JP Morgan, Barclays Global Investors, Bank of America, RobertsonStephens and Hambrecht & Quist.
He has been a founding member of several Silicon Valley start-ups and a board member or advisor to several financial services and early stage Technology organizations.

Jim TillerSHOW VISIONSHOW BIO
I have a fundamental passion for security and all things about security. Moreover, I’m passionate about innovative approaches to security that materially improves the capabilities of businesses and individuals to protect themselves. Either through process improvement, technology advancements, or compelling practices, things that make security interesting and effective capture my attention. This is absolutely the case with Automate. Innovative technology, fresh and compelling approach to a very old and persistent challenge, and tangibly improves security. What’s not to get passionate about?Jim is a proven security leader with over two decades of information security experience.He has a history of outstanding performance and growth, business turnarounds, and global recognition for innovation in security strategies and execution.Jim is a published, internationally-recognized expert on information security. He is currently with Optiv as the VP and GM of their security programs. Prior to Optiv he was with HP as the Global Security Practice Head and with British Telecom as the VP of Security Services for North America and the VP of Ethical Hacking for BT.Prior to that was the Chief Security Officer for International Network Services, where he created the highest NSA rated professional security services organization in the world. From 1999 to 2002, he worked at Bell Labs for the advancement of security technologies. With Bell Labs, he led the development of a communications systems security architecture that resulted in a patent and is the X.805 ITU standard.Jim is based on North Carolina with his family and is a contributor to the Green Beret Foundation and H3 in support of our wounded, ill, and injured warriors.Jaideep KrishnaSHOW VISIONSHOW BIO
I have been associated with Authomate since conception back in 2011, as I saw Piyush’s vision and anticipation of problems, which today in 2016 are playing out literally on a daily basis and on a global scale. Prevention of identity theft, robust protection of confidentiality and any form data, are critical need of the hour, if the new world of internet commerce - whether B2B, B2C, C2C – has to flourish! Authomate is the holy grail!Jaideep currently runs AARK Global, the Hong Kong-based, boutique investment and advisory vehicle.He was previously a Managing Director at D.B. Zwirn Asia, joining in May 2006 and based in Hong Kong, leading the firm’s investment activity in Asia Pacific.Since January 2005, he worked as a Partner and the Head of the Special Situations Group at Actis Capital in London.From 1998 – 2003 he served as a Managing Director for Cerberus Capital Management in Hong Kong, Korea, Taiwan and China.During his successful career in finance, he has held various senior positions at Peregrine Fixed Income, Citigroup and HSBC. He specializes in risk management, credit and operation management, and delivers unparalleled insight into the investment landscape of the Asia Pacific region.Jaideep has a BA in Economics from the Sriram College of Commerce in New Delhi, and a MA in Management Studies (Finance and Marketing) from the University of Bombay.Ian KleinSHOW VISIONSHOW BIO
I have a passion for all things technology and its impact on business and society.  I believe identity and security are the core elements underlying and enabling the trust frameworks we take for granted today.  Maintaining these trust frameworks is more important today than ever before and is a base requirement for businesses to thrive as they become ever more entrusted with their customer’s information.  In this digital era, Authomate provides government, businesses, employees, and consumers simple, innovative identity and security management solutions ensuring only those who need access get it.  I’m excited to support the leadership team on Authomate’s future success.Ian M. Klein is President of Atlas Mobility International, a newly formed entity focused on developing and guiding global growth opportunities in the technology space.  Ian currently advises several companies in the technology sector addressing the Internet of Things, Data Protection, Identity, Security, Education, and Finance. Formerly, Ian spent over nine years with GSMA, where he held several positions in commercialization, innovation, strategy, and corporate development.  Prior to his departure in late 2015, he was GSMA's Head of Corporate Business Development, leading a team focused on GSMA’s strategic growth, commercial industry partnerships in the wireless ecosystem, and formulating approaches to help drive mobile technology adoption and growth.  From 2007 until 2009, Ian was GSMA’s Mobile Innovation Director responsible for improving GSMA’s and the mobile industry’s connection to the venture capital and entrepreneur ecosystems worldwide. Prior to his time at GSMA, Ian spent fifteen years in early growth stages of the personal computer sector, mergers & acquisitions consulting, communications technology strategy, portfolio management, and international business and partnership development. Ian is known globally for his principled approach, the breadth and depth of his business knowledge, and his ability to simultaneously focus on long term impacts while executing in the moment.
 
The goal of being security can only be achieved by significantly hindering the offenders, attackers, and hackers. You can rarely remove human error, so the question is how can you prioritize the other areas of security and reduce risk. Authentication, over and over again, it ranked the highest risk area, least expensive to improve, and provides the highest return in terms of dollars spent to risk reduced. Simplicity is key to success, and I see Authomate as that magical missing link between user experience, improved security, lower risk and being extremely cost effective.


Doug is globally recognized security executive with over twenty-five years of leadership experience with service providers that deliver security and risk management services to enterprises, service providers and government organizations.
Doug provides leadership through example by maintaining his technical and market knowledge by participating in strategic customer engagements and industry events. He is a highly respected speaker, author, and visionary within the industry.
Prior to his tenure with SAVANTURE, Doug held multiple, notable cyber and physical security, risk, and business continuity leadership roles. He served as the CEO of VBrick Systems, the President and CSO of SilverSky, COO of BT Counterpane, and CSO at Peak XV.
Doug has also held roles within CSC, Sprint, and proudly served in the United States Air Force.


I have been associated with Authomate since conception back in 2011, as I saw Piyush’s vision and anticipation of problems, which today in 2016 are playing out literally on a daily basis and on a global scale. Prevention of identity theft, robust protection of confidentiality and any form data, are critical need of the hour, if the new world of internet commerce – whether B2B, B2C, C2C – has to flourish! Authomate is the holy grail!


Jaideep currently runs AARK Global, the Hong Kong-based, boutique investment and advisory vehicle.
He was previously a Managing Director at D.B. Zwirn Asia, joining in May 2006 and based in Hong Kong, leading the firm’s investment activity in Asia Pacific.
Since January 2005, he worked as a Partner and the Head of the Special Situations Group at Actis Capital in London.
From 1998 – 2003 he served as a Managing Director for Cerberus Capital Management in Hong Kong, Korea, Taiwan and China.
During his successful career in finance, he has held various senior positions at Peregrine Fixed Income, Citigroup and HSBC. He specializes in risk management, credit and operation management, and delivers unparalleled insight into the investment landscape of the Asia Pacific region.
Jaideep has a BA in Economics from the Sriram College of Commerce in New Delhi, and a MA in Management Studies (Finance and Marketing) from the University of Bombay.


I am excited to bring my extensive experience in developing technology businesses to the Authomate team, providing support in business development, product development, business growth management and fund raising. The Authomate product suite offers an exciting revolution in the next generation of data security and I am pleased to be supporting an excellent Authomate leadership team.


Mr. Leddy recently retired as the Chief Executive Officer of Verizon Telematics, Inc. (f.k.a. Hughes Telematics). Verizon Telematics is the leading provider of full service connected services to the automobile industry providing services to both factory equipped vehicles and aftermarket vehicles. Mr. Leddy was the founder of Hughes Telematics in 2006 and provided executive leadership in the development of the company’s strategic vision and implementation of its connected car services. Mr. Leddy served as a member of its board of directors since the inception and as the Chief Executive Officer from December 2006.
From June 2002 through December 2006, Mr. Leddy served as Chief Executive Officer and President of SkyTerra Communications, Inc. (SkyTerra). From September 1980 to December 2001, Mr. Leddy worked for EMS Technologies serving as its President for many of those years. Mr. Leddy presently serves on the board of directors for Global Eagle Entertainment. From 2005 to 2011, Mr. Leddy served on the board of directors of Hughes Communications, Inc. From 2006 to 2008, Mr. Leddy served on the board of directors of SkyTerra. Mr. Leddy received his bachelor’s degree in Physics from the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta, Georgia and a master’s degree in Electrical Engineering from Stanford University.


Jim is a proven security leader with over two decades of information security experience.
He has a history of outstanding performance and growth, business turnarounds, and global recognition for innovation in security strategies and execution.
Jim is a published, internationally-recognized expert on information security. He is currently with Optiv as the VP and GM of their security programs. Prior to Optiv he was with HP as the Global Security Practice Head and with British Telecom as the VP of Security Services for North America and the VP of Ethical Hacking for BT.
Prior to that was the Chief Security Officer for International Network Services, where he created the highest NSA rated professional security services organization in the world. From 1999 to 2002, he worked at Bell Labs for the advancement of security technologies. With Bell Labs, he led the development of a communications systems security architecture that resulted in a patent and is the X.805 ITU standard.
Jim is based on North Carolina with his family and is a contributor to the Green Beret Foundation and H3 in support of our wounded, ill, and injured warriors.







 
  

Request Demo





























Authomate  
















































































































Open MenuSolutions
Features And Benefits
Get it Now
About Us

Company
Authomate Innovation Lab


Sign In






 





Secure online interaction no longer involves compromising between ease of use and strong security.Security with ConvenienceLearn MoreLog in to your websites by bringing yoursmartphone close to your computer.Proximity Based AuthenticationLearn MoreUnlock your computer by bringing yoursmartphone close to it. No need to rememberany password, no need to type anything.UNLOCK COMPUTERS WITH PROXIMITYLearn MoreYour smartphone is Your IdentityLearn MoreIdentity and authenticity centeredaround your smartphoneYour Digital Key, Unique Identity,
Tied to Your Smart Device.
Certainty That You Are You!Add Facial Recognition capabilities to yourEnterprise Applications by implementingour Biometric Platform SDK.No special equipment required.Facial Biometric Platform and SDKLearn More 
 
Your Personal Key to the Digital World
Authomate’s suite of next generation user authentication solutions bridges the vulnerability gaps in credential security and makes it easy to use with your mobile device – Authentication that is as mobile as you are. 
Authomate is changing the way you think about security.
Authomate SolutionsHow it Works Key Features
 Set Yourself Free
Over 85 percent of recent data breaches started with the use of lost or stolen credentials. StrongPass combats credential theft, token loss, and user security fatigue.  Play the video to find out how.
Use StrongPass to:

manage security spending by securely vaulting credentials on each user’s trusted mobile device with a user friendly interface


Mitigate the vulnerability risks that still exist with all other point solutions


Proud to be a part of...



PartnersSecurity is about trust. Authomate hand selects trusted partners to help you on your journey.     
 
Become a Partner
See what’s cooking in Authomate Labs
Authomate’s patented process and technology open numerous possibilities to change the way we work and live today. At Authomate Labs, we have been quietly working on exploring the possibilities, expanding our horizons and creating new technologies. 
LEARN MORE






 
  

Request Demo





























Authomate   » Retail


















































































































Open MenuSolutions
Features And Benefits
Get it Now
About Us

Company
Authomate Innovation Lab


Sign In








Retail


 




Don’t be the Next Big Headline
Retailers have been a target for malicious actors since the first person clicked a purchase icon on a website in 1994. Today, payment card information is constantly being shared and processed online, making it vulnerable to theft and misuse.
With lucrative stores of personally identifiable information (PII) and payment card information(PCI), malicious actors are constantly investing in ways to skim, hack, and phish data from retailers and their customers – making strong data security essential.

Retailers struggle with implementing restrictive security solutions for fear of making the purchasing process more difficult, slower, and less convenient. This puts both customers and retailers in a very vulnerable position and leaves them open to large scale breaches.

 Authomate’s StrongPass Business suite provides retailers and customers with an easy-to-use and robust credential authentication solution. StrongPass verifies a user’s identity using multiple context aware parameters and then prevents attacks by orchestrating credentials away from where the malicious actors sit.


Benefits of StrongPass:

Bolsters customer confidence and attracts new customers
Prevents PII leakage from backend systems and mobile payment platforms
Assists meeting compliance obligations under PCI Data Security Standards (PCI DSS)
Bottom line savings by mitigating fraudulent transactions
Protection of brand and corporate reputation
Credential sharing without exposing the user and credentials to misuse or theft



Request Demo






 
  

Request Demo





























Authomate   » Solutions Home


















































































































Open MenuSolutions
Features And Benefits
Get it Now
About Us

Company
Authomate Innovation Lab


Sign In








Solutions Home


 




Stronger Protection for All
Authomate’s StrongPass Business Suite is the next generation of authentication solutions that provides frontline defense for companies across all industries. It ensures:

Integrity of users’ online presence
Empowerment of users to ensure productivity in the workplace and retention among customers and end users.
Compliance and governance polices are met
Alignment between user risk profiles and security strategies
Data security is delivered cost effectively and with positive return on investment
Balance between Convenience of users and Securely delivering data

StrongPass combats credential theft, token loss, and user fatigue while helping manage security spend by securely vaulting credentials on each user’s trusted mobile device, providing a user-friendly interface and mitigates the vulnerability risks that still exist with all other point solutions.
 
 


StrongPass enables a significantly improved online experience with just a mobile device and one secure login.  Organizations and individuals finally get an authentication solution that finds the balance between strong security, user convenience, compliance mandates, and cost effectiveness.
Solutions



StrongPass Teams
Enabling team members and business units to securely authenticate to websites, legacy systems, and web applications…


Learn More


StrongPass Personal

Allowing individuals to protect themselves online with a mobile device and one secure password… 

 
Learn More

StrongPass SDK
Authomate SDK allows you to add easy of use, strong authentication security to your applications and websites. Contact us for details…
 
Learn More
StrongPass Facial Biometric Platform and SDK

Our Facial Biometric Platform and SDK allows you to add facial biometric recognition to your applications without the need of any additional hardware. Contact us for details… 
Learn More
StrongPass AppConnect
Bring stronger authentication and easy credential management to your legacy applications (including VPN Clients) with little effort. Collaborate with us…
Learn More
See what’s cooking in Authomate Labs
Authomate’s patented process and technology open numerous possibilities to change the way we work and live today. At Authomate Labs, we have been quietly working on exploring the possibilities, expanding our horizons and creating new technologies. 
LEARN MORE








 
  

Request Demo





























Authomate   » Press Releases


















































































































Open MenuSolutions
Features And Benefits
Get it Now
About Us

Company
Authomate Innovation Lab


Sign In








Press Releases


 














  
18 Dec 2015
Authomate, Inc. Raises $1M to Bring Next Generation Authentication Solutions to Market


Strategic investment to bring revolutionary approach to security and authentication to enterprises worldwide. Authomate, Inc., a pioneer of next generation authentication solutions, has closed a... Read More





19 Jan 2015
Authomate Inc. Announces New CEO and Expansion of the Executive Team


Authomate Inc. is pleased to announce Jeff Schmidt as the company’s new President and Chief Executive Officer and John Lloyd as the new Chief Sales and... Read More





12 Jan 2015
Authomate Inc Announces Closing of Pre-Angel Round


Authomate Inc is pleased to announce that it has closed a sizable pre-angel funding round in first week of January 2015. “Ever since the core patent was assigned... Read More





09 Jan 2015
Authomate Inc Announces Patent For New Authentication System That Will Simplify Security And Bring Authentication To Every Day Life


Authomate Inc is pleased to announce that it has recently been issued US Patent No. 8,763,097 entitled “System, design and process for strong authentication using... Read More

1
2
3
Next ›





Press Inquiries Phone: (732) 305-0811
Email: inquiries@authomate.com

Learn More 
 
Access Granted Radio 
 









 
  

Request Demo





























Authomate   » Become a Partner


















































































































Open MenuSolutions
Features And Benefits
Get it Now
About Us

Company
Authomate Innovation Lab


Sign In








Become a Partner


 











Authomate’s business development partners are cornerstones for advocating and deploying the StrongPass business suite of solutions within companies across the globe. Whether it be offering additional value within their current customer base or acquiring new customers within their market areas, StrongPass addresses many of the challenges that their customer face today and delivers true authentication Security with Convenience.
If your company is all about delivering the best security focused products, professional services or managed services and have a desire to add a unique value-add and service to your offerings, fill out the form below and submit to speak with a member of the Authomate business development team.
First Name: Last Name: Organization: Email: Phone: Title: 





Contact Us Phone: (732) 305-0811
Email: sales@authomate.com
Learn More 
 
 











 
  

Request Demo





























Authomate   » StrongPass Personal


















































































































Open MenuSolutions
Features And Benefits
Get it Now
About Us

Company
Authomate Innovation Lab


Sign In






 





 
StrongPass Personal
Authomate’s StrongPass Personal enables you to authenticate your identity with all of your sites and applications securely and quickly.
It protects you online using your mobile device and and keeps all your passwords secure in your pocket.
We live our lives online. We store our family photos in the cloud, share information with friends via social media, track our health and fitness data, and shop, bank, and work online. Given that you can’t control the data security strategies that companies choose to enact, what can you do to protect your online identity and assets? 
Authomate’s StrongPass Personal, through an easy to use interface, enables you to authenticate your identity with all of your sites and applications securely and quickly, removing the worry that a malicious actor is lurking on your mobile device, computer, or where credentials are passed via the Internet.
This is accomplished through the use of StrongPass Personal app on your smartphone which orchestrates the movement of credentials during authentication away from malicious actors.

StrongPass Personal protects you online using your mobile device and one secure password. 

Managing and using all your credentials easily through the intuitive app

Mitigates authentication security vulnerabilities that exist today via malicious actors

Knowing that your credentials are always with you on your smartphone

Mitigating the risk that your personal credentials will be breached

Hardening your passwords for all your sites
Signup Now







 
  

Request Demo





























Authomate Inc. Announces New CEO and Expansion of the Executive Team | Authomate Blog



































































Authomate Blog
Access with Confidence


Search











Authomate Inc. Announces New CEO and Expansion of the Executive Team

Posted on January 19, 2015  by  Piyush Bhatnagar 


Authomate Inc. is pleased to announce Jeff Schmidt as the company’s new President and Chief Executive Officer and John Lloyd as the new Chief Sales and Marketing Officer, effective January 16, 2015. Authomate’s expansion of its executive management team is a strategic move to strengthen and support the company through its next stages of hyper-growth.
Piyush Bhatnagar, the founding CEO of Authomate Inc. will continue as a member of the executive team, in the new role of Chief Technology Officer and Senior Vice President of Engineering. In this new role, Piyush will be leading innovation at Authomate, developing the short/long term product vision and the execution of product development/delivery. “As Authomate starts a new phase, Jeff and John bring the expertise needed to help take the company to the next level. I am extremely pleased to have them as part of our executive team.” said Piyush. “They share the Authomate vision and commitment to bring rigorous authentication to every aspect of every day life”.
As the President and CEO of Authomate, and President of the Authomate board, Jeff Schmidt is responsible for establishing the vision of the company, as well as developing and executing the growth strategy to drive employee, client, and shareholder value. Before joining Authomate, Jeff was the Chief Operating Officer of SQS North America. He has been at the center of innovative technology leadership throughout his career and has a passion for security solutions. In his work at British Telecom (BT), he led the development of “visual analytics” for intrusion detection, and the early adoption of managed cloud-based security solutions, aimed at enabling enterprises in the 21st century for the mobile and cloud-connected enterprise.
“I am extremely excited to be joining the Authomate team. The fundamental capabilities of Authomate are, at their core, game changing.” Jeff also notes, “Authomate is enhancing the user experience through simplified access, while also providing greater assurance that what is most critical to the user is secure.”
John Lloyd, as the new Chief Sales and Marketing Officer, is responsible for all revenue generation, market development, client and partner relationship management that will drive the company’s near and long-term growth strategies. John’s responsibilities extend to being a member of the company’s board of directors, with oversight of the company’s formation and funding, and an advisor to the product development team. He has held various executive sales and operational management roles, most recently spearheading global sales at Zero Motorcycles, where launching new technologies and services into new and emerging markets was critical to the company’s success. His extensive experience, including multiple industries and international markets, will serve Authomate well in initiating and sustaining growth.
“This is a great opportunity to help launch a new company that will make a significant impact to how people and companies secure their access to their many web sites and digital media on a daily basis,” said John Lloyd.  “The core team we have assembled is well grounded, complementary to one another, and driven to bring Authomate’s solutions to the world market. Our business experience and alignment ensures that we will deliver the strongest authentication solutions possible while reducing all of the complexity. “
Authomate Inc. is a New Jersey based startup, led by a seasoned team with many years of experience in building and delivering world-class network security products and solutions. Authomate’s authentication platform provides true multi-factor security, delivering protection and convenience to consumers and more secure transaction capabilities for companies.
For more information, please visit our web site at http://www.authomate.com, or follow us on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/AuthomateInc
Share this:FacebookLinkedInTwitterGoogleEmailMoreRedditPocketPinterestTumblrPrintLike this:Like Loading... 




Leave a Reply Cancel reply 



Enter your comment here...




Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:



























 
 


Email (required) (Address never made public)



Name (required)



Website














 You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change )




Cancel
Connecting to %s




 Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email.
 



 




















Post to



Cancel







 









Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address






Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			











 
%d bloggers like this:








































































































































Authomate Inc                                                                                                            - Morganville                                       , NJ         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



NJ



Morganville



Custom Computer Programming Services



Computer Software Development And Applications



                            Authomate Inc
                                    



 





















A 


Authomate Inc                                                                                                           
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



61 BROWN RD MORGANVILLE, NJ 07751
Get Directions



(732) 305-0811
 





Business Info



 Founded 2012
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $140,000.00
 Employee Count 2
 Industries Computer Software Development And Applications
 Contacts Piyush Bhatnagar                                                                                                        







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2012 the company has been providing Computer Software Development And Applications. 









VERIFIED Status:
VERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    11 - 3 - 2016
                                



Phone:

                                    VERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
VERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







A

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com











Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



















CEO | Authomate Blog









































Authomate Blog
Access with Confidence


Search









Tag Archives: CEO



Authomate Inc. Announces New CEO and Expansion of the Executive Team

Posted on January 19, 2015  by  Piyush Bhatnagar 

Reply 


Authomate Inc. is pleased to announce Jeff Schmidt as the company’s new President and Chief Executive Officer and John Lloyd as the new Chief Sales and Marketing Officer, effective January 16, 2015. Authomate’s expansion of its executive management team is a strategic move to strengthen and support the company through its next stages of hyper-growth.
Piyush Bhatnagar, the founding CEO of Authomate Inc. will continue as a member of the executive team, in the new role of Chief Technology Officer and Senior Vice President of Engineering. In this new role, Piyush will be leading innovation at Authomate, developing the short/long term product vision and the execution of product development/delivery. “As Authomate starts a new phase, Jeff and John bring the expertise needed to help take the company to the next level. I am extremely pleased to have them as part of our executive team.” said Piyush. “They share the Authomate vision and commitment to bring rigorous authentication to every aspect of every day life”.
As the President and CEO of Authomate, and President of the Authomate board, Jeff Schmidt is responsible for establishing the vision of the company, as well as developing and executing the growth strategy to drive employee, client, and shareholder value. Before joining Authomate, Jeff was the Chief Operating Officer of SQS North America. He has been at the center of innovative technology leadership throughout his career and has a passion for security solutions. In his work at British Telecom (BT), he led the development of “visual analytics” for intrusion detection, and the early adoption of managed cloud-based security solutions, aimed at enabling enterprises in the 21st century for the mobile and cloud-connected enterprise.
“I am extremely excited to be joining the Authomate team. The fundamental capabilities of Authomate are, at their core, game changing.” Jeff also notes, “Authomate is enhancing the user experience through simplified access, while also providing greater assurance that what is most critical to the user is secure.”
John Lloyd, as the new Chief Sales and Marketing Officer, is responsible for all revenue generation, market development, client and partner relationship management that will drive the company’s near and long-term growth strategies. John’s responsibilities extend to being a member of the company’s board of directors, with oversight of the company’s formation and funding, and an advisor to the product development team. He has held various executive sales and operational management roles, most recently spearheading global sales at Zero Motorcycles, where launching new technologies and services into new and emerging markets was critical to the company’s success. His extensive experience, including multiple industries and international markets, will serve Authomate well in initiating and sustaining growth.
“This is a great opportunity to help launch a new company that will make a significant impact to how people and companies secure their access to their many web sites and digital media on a daily basis,” said John Lloyd.  “The core team we have assembled is well grounded, complementary to one another, and driven to bring Authomate’s solutions to the world market. Our business experience and alignment ensures that we will deliver the strongest authentication solutions possible while reducing all of the complexity. “
Authomate Inc. is a New Jersey based startup, led by a seasoned team with many years of experience in building and delivering world-class network security products and solutions. Authomate’s authentication platform provides true multi-factor security, delivering protection and convenience to consumers and more secure transaction capabilities for companies.
For more information, please visit our web site at http://www.authomate.com, or follow us on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/AuthomateInc
Share this:FacebookLinkedInTwitterGoogleEmailMoreRedditPocketPinterestTumblrPrintLike this:Like Loading... 





  Piyush BhatnagarCategories 
Android

management team

Online safety

Password Manager

Press Release

Security

Vulnerability


  10 Recent Posts 

How To Prevent Cyber Security Risks In Your Business


Authomate Inc. Announces New CEO and Expansion of the Executive Team


Authomate Inc Announces Closing of Pre-Angel Round


A Password Guide: Tips to Create a Strong Password


Authomate Inc Announces Patent For New Authentication System That Will Simplify Security And Bring Authentication To Every Day Life


5 Most Common Password Mistakes of 2013


How NOT to manage a security breach crisis


Successful Crisis Management: The Evernote Hack


How two-step verification is the way forward


How to remain digitally safe while travelling


 Follow Blog via Email

Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Join 6,739 other followers







 


 













Post to



Cancel







 









Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address






Cancel

				Post was not sent - check your email addresses!			

				Email check failed, please try again			

				Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.			











 
%d bloggers like this:








































































































































Authomate Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 7:39 AM ET
Internet Software and Services

Company Overview of Authomate Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Authomate Inc. provides online security and authentication software solutions for consumers, professionals, and enterprises. It offers consumer products, such as StrongPass, a user login/password management service that simplifies the management of user IDs and passwords while protecting against phishing, key loggers, and man-in-the-middle attacks; and StrongBox that provides security for online documents through a document manager. The company also provides enterprise solutions that include StrongPass Enterprise, which protects company’s sensitive data; StrongBox for Enterprises that delivers security to company’s online documents; and StrongTrans for Enterprises that delivers authenticatio...
Authomate Inc. provides online security and authentication software solutions for consumers, professionals, and enterprises. It offers consumer products, such as StrongPass, a user login/password management service that simplifies the management of user IDs and passwords while protecting against phishing, key loggers, and man-in-the-middle attacks; and StrongBox that provides security for online documents through a document manager. The company also provides enterprise solutions that include StrongPass Enterprise, which protects company’s sensitive data; StrongBox for Enterprises that delivers security to company’s online documents; and StrongTrans for Enterprises that delivers authentication security to protect critical transactions. Authomate Inc. was founded in 2012 and is based in Morganville, New Jersey.
Detailed Description


61 Brown RoadMorganville, NJ 07751United StatesFounded in 2012



Phone: 732-305-0811

www.authomate.com







Key Executives for Authomate Inc.




Mr. Jeff Schmidt


      	Chief Executive Officer and President
      








Mr. Piyush Bhatnagar


      	Founder, Chief Technology Officer and Senior Vice President of Engineering 
      








Mr. Andrew Ferreira


      	Chief Architect
      








Mr. John Lloyd


      	Chief Sales and Marketing Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 "Atlantic Tele-Satellite, Inc. United States .Club Domains LLC United States .Comdaq Corporation United States .Kache Media Management LLC United States @Court United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      December 9, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Authomate Inc., please visit www.authomate.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close






























Authomate Inc. Announces New CEO and Expansion of the Executive Team 





























PRWeb
Home
News Center
Blog



United States
United Kingdom
France

			Login
		
			Create a free account
		




RSS


Email Newsletters


Put PRWeb on your site




Authomate Inc. Announces New CEO and Expansion of the Executive Team



Share Article

















Authomate Inc. is pleased to announce Jeff Schmidt as the company’s new President and Chief Executive Officer and John Lloyd as the new Chief Sales and Marketing Officer, effective January 16, 2015. Authomate’s expansion of its executive management team is a strategic move to strengthen and support the company through its next stages of hyper-growth.






(PRWEB)
January 21, 2015
 Authomate Inc. is pleased to announce Jeff Schmidt as the company’s new President and Chief Executive Officer and John Lloyd as the new Chief Sales and Marketing Officer, effective January 16, 2015. Authomate’s expansion of its executive management team is a strategic move to strengthen and support the company through its next stages of hyper-growth.
Piyush Bhatnagar, the founding CEO of Authomate Inc. will continue as a member of the executive team, in the new role of Chief Technology Officer and Senior Vice President of Engineering. In this new role, Piyush will be leading innovation at Authomate, developing the short/long term product vision and the execution of product development/delivery. “As Authomate starts a new phase, Jeff and John bring the expertise needed to help take the company to the next level. I am extremely pleased to have them as part of our executive team,” said Piyush. “They share the Authomate vision and commitment to bring rigorous authentication to every aspect of every day life.”
As the President and CEO of Authomate, and President of the Authomate board, Jeff Schmidt is responsible for establishing the vision of the company, as well as developing and executing the growth strategy to drive employee, client, and shareholder value. Before joining Authomate, Jeff was the Chief Operating Officer of SQS North America. He has been at the center of innovative technology leadership throughout his career and has a passion for security solutions. In his work at British Telecom (BT), he led the development of “visual analytics” for intrusion detection, and the early adoption of managed cloud-based security solutions, aimed at enabling enterprises in the 21st century for the mobile and cloud-connected enterprise.
“I am extremely excited to be joining the Authomate team. The fundamental capabilities of Authomate are, at their core, game changing.” Jeff also notes, “Authomate is enhancing the user experience through simplified access, while also providing greater assurance that what is most critical to the user is secure.”
John Lloyd, as the new Chief Sales and Marketing Officer, is responsible for all revenue generation, market development, client and partner relationship management that will drive the company’s near and long-term growth strategies. John’s responsibilities extend to being a member of the company’s board of directors, with oversight of the company’s formation and funding, and an advisor to the product development team. He has held various executive sales and operational management roles, most recently spearheading global sales at Zero Motorcycles, where launching new technologies and services into new and emerging markets was critical to the company’s success. His extensive experience, including multiple industries and international markets, will serve Authomate well in initiating and sustaining growth.
“This is a great opportunity to help launch a new company that will make a significant impact to how people and companies secure their access to their many web sites and digital media on a daily basis,” said John Lloyd.  “The core team we have assembled is well grounded, complementary to one another, and driven to bring Authomate’s solutions to the world market. Our business experience and alignment ensures that we will deliver the strongest authentication solutions possible while reducing all of the complexity. “
Authomate Inc. is a New Jersey based startup, led by a seasoned team with many years of experience in building and delivering world-class network security products and solutions. Authomate’s authentication platform provides true multi-factor security, delivering protection and convenience to consumers and more secure transaction capabilities for companies.
For more information, please visit our web site at http://www.authomate.com, or follow us on Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/AuthomateInc



Share article on socal media or email:









View article via:
											Pdf
										
											Print
										






Contact Author

Piyush Bhatnagar, Founder & CEO
Authomate Inc 7323050811
				Email >
			
Follow us on





Media
team






News Center





















Authomate INC (@authomateinc) | Twitter



























Skip to content









Home
Home
Home, current page.






Moments
Moments
Moments, current page.






Search query



Search Twitter









Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @




















Language: English 



 



Bahasa Indonesia
Bahasa Melayu
Català
Čeština
Dansk
Deutsch
English UK
Español
Filipino
Français
Hrvatski
Italiano
Magyar
Nederlands
Norsk
Polski
Português
Română
Slovenčina
Suomi
Svenska
Tiếng Việt
Türkçe
Ελληνικά
Български език
Русский
Српски
Українська мова
עִבְרִית
العربية
فارسی
मराठी
हिन्दी
বাংলা
ગુજરાતી
தமிழ்
ಕನ್ನಡ
ภาษาไทย
한국어
日本語
简体中文
繁體中文




 








Have an account?  Log in


   

Have an account?










Remember me

·
Forgot password?











New to Twitter?
Sign up
                











































      Authomate INC



@authomateinc












Tweets
Tweets, current page.
176
            



Following
Following
224



Followers
Followers
213



Likes
Likes
9



Lists
Lists
1
 
 
More 







Likes
Lists






Unmute @authomateinc

Mute @authomateinc



Follow


    Following
  

    Unfollow
  

    Blocked
  

    Unblock
  

    Pending
  

    Cancel
  






















Authomate INC



@authomateinc


Authomate is an advanced authentication company. Your Identity and authenticity centered around your smartphone – the extension of “you”



Atlanta, GA




 
    authomate.com
  




Joined March 2009












                
                0 Photos and videos
            

            Photos and videos
          



















Tweets


Tweets
Tweets, current page.



                  Tweets & replies
                





You blocked @authomateinc
Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @authomateinc
Yes, view profile






Close




            
            Authomate INC followed
        






















Authomate INC Retweeted
            







Theo‏ @psb_dc

Jul 10






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







    Replying to @davidjmaireles


Check out @authomateinc if you have time. Simplicity... :)





1 reply




2 retweets




2 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Authomate INC Retweeted
            







BAI‏ @BAI_Info

Jul 10






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Looking forward to @PlugandPlayTC at #BAIBeacon. On hand: @TheScottRob, @Pypestream, @authomateinc, @SandboxBanking: http://buff.ly/2tKmBap pic.twitter.com/qUCtytjYIE























0 replies




1 retweet




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


1




Retweeted


1








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Authomate INC Retweeted
            







PNPFinTech‏ @pnpfintech

Jun 30






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







French President Emmanuel Macron at the inauguration at PNP-BNP Paribas new co-working space - @joinstationf #fintech @PlugandPlayTCpic.twitter.com/ash6xKq3Kx
















1 reply




4 retweets




8 likes








Reply


1







Retweet


4




Retweeted


4








Like


8





Liked


8










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Authomate INC‏ @authomateinc

Jun 7






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







The Behavioral Economics of Why Executives Underinvest in Cybersecurity http://flip.it/h.7.F8  via @flipboard









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Authomate INC‏ @authomateinc

Jun 6






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







See Authomate at Summer Summit @PlugandPlayTC live!https://www.youtube.com/user/plugandplaytc/live …









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Authomate INC‏ @authomateinc

Jun 6






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Check out "Plug and Play Summer Summit" https://www.eventbrite.com/e/plug-and-play-summer-summit-tickets-31935961320?utm-medium=discovery&utm-campaign=social&utm-content=attendeeshare&aff=estw&utm-source=tw&utm-term=listing … @Eventbrite









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Authomate INC‏ @authomateinc

Jun 5






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Why our credit cards keep getting hacked https://usat.ly/2sHZdGL  via @usatoday @authomateinc - Change the flow!!









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Authomate INC‏ @authomateinc

May 18






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






Authomate INC Retweeted AlienVault

First numbers... suspect this will grow as they investigate more.https://twitter.com/alienvault/status/864968800478916608 …

Authomate INC added,

















AlienVault @alienvault

Bell Canada Reveals Data Breach That Compromised the Accounts of Nearly Two Million Customers: http://ow.ly/Ofhl30bOO5l  @philmuncaster pic.twitter.com/YlAh66uJ2I









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Authomate INC‏ @authomateinc

May 17






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Check out "Plug and Play Summer Summit"https://www.eventbrite.com/e/plug-and-play-summer-summit-tickets-31935962323?aff=estw&utm-medium=discovery&utm-campaign=social&utm-content=attendeeshare&utm-source=tw&utm-term=eventcard …









0 replies




0 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Authomate INC Retweeted
            







Scott Robinson‏ @TheScottRob

May 10






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Our @BNPParibas + @PlugandPlayTC #FinTech/#InsurTech program will be based in @joinstationf! Story via @econodaily:http://www.econotimes.com/BNP-Paribas--Plug-and-Play-venture-team-up-with-Station-F-to-host-fintech-startup-accelerator-692327 …









0 replies




3 retweets




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Authomate INC‏ @authomateinc

May 9






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Android Devices Security: Experts Speak About Easiness In Hacking - http://goo.gl/alerts/kuSOa  #GoogleAlerts









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Authomate INC‏ @authomateinc

May 9






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Feds Put a Premium on Privacy in Wake of Data Breaches - http://goo.gl/alerts/3XB1v  #GoogleAlerts









0 replies




0 retweets




1 like








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like


1





Liked


1










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Authomate INC‏ @authomateinc

May 9






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Vendors approve of NIST password draft http://www.csoonline.com/article/3195181/data-protection/vendors-approve-of-nist-password-draft.html … The use case for @authomateinc @csoonline









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Authomate INC Retweeted
            







CoinDesk‏Verified account @coindesk

Apr 15






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Greg Maxwell discusses his assertions about an alleged controversial mining strategy and possible ways forwardhttp://www.coindesk.com/asicboost-uasf-greg-maxwell-bitcoins-path-forward/ …









0 replies




15 retweets




8 likes








Reply










Retweet


15




Retweeted


15








Like


8





Liked


8










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Authomate INC‏ @authomateinc

Apr 16






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







REVEALED - Why your 'smart' devices could be putting your home at RISK from hackers - http://goo.gl/alerts/1AsX8  #GoogleAlerts









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo










Authomate INC Retweeted
            







Plug and Play‏ @PlugandPlayTC

Apr 10






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Article w/ @trulioo @getShoCard @ccoboxinfo @bigidsecure @authomateinc: 6 #Fintech Trends for Anti-Money Laundering http://buff.ly/2oZit1B pic.twitter.com/S7JsLwSqG2
















0 replies




4 retweets




2 likes








Reply










Retweet


4




Retweeted


4








Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Authomate INC‏ @authomateinc

Apr 7






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet






Authomate INC Retweeted Authomate INC

With the ease of exposing a users password, an easy path to fraudulent behavior with little detection, @authomateinc changes that!https://twitter.com/authomateinc/status/850418417714683904 …

Authomate INC added,








Authomate INC @authomateinc

http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/04/prweb14214304.htm … @PNPFinTech @authomateinc









0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Authomate INC‏ @authomateinc

Apr 7






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/04/prweb14214304.htm … @PNPFinTech @authomateinc









0 replies




3 retweets




3 likes








Reply










Retweet


3




Retweeted


3








Like


3





Liked


3










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Authomate INC‏ @authomateinc

Mar 24






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







While certainly not the only way to intrude, attackers seem to be having a field day stealing credentials http://www.securityweek.com/intrusions-without-malware-dont-forget-other-sixty-percent …





0 replies




0 retweets




0 likes








Reply










Retweet







Retweeted











Like








Liked













Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo













Authomate INC‏ @authomateinc

Mar 23






More









Copy link to Tweet


Embed Tweet







Authomate joins Plug and Play Tech Center – Startup Innovation Platform, we're psyched! @schmidt21 @pnpfintechhttp://plugandplaytechcenter.com/2017/03/21/meet-175-startups-joining-programs/ …









0 replies




2 retweets




2 likes








Reply










Retweet


2




Retweeted


2








Like


2





Liked


2










Thanks. Twitter will use this to make your timeline better. Undo












          @authomateinc hasn't Tweeted yet.
      
Back to top ↑












Loading seems to be taking a while.

      Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information.
    

















      New to Twitter?
    


    Sign up now to get your own personalized timeline!
  

Sign up




You may also like
    ·
    Refresh








false












© 2017 Twitter
About
Help Center
Terms
Privacy policy
Cookies
Ads info




















Close




            
            Choose a trend location
          






















Dismiss











Close







            Previous
          







            Next
          













Close



Go to a person's profile












Searches you follow






    Follow
  

    Following
  

    Unfollow
  






Saved searches


Remove














In this conversation



Verified accountProtected Tweets @











    Suggested users
  







Verified accountProtected Tweets @












Verified accountProtected Tweets @


























Close



Promote this Tweet

















Close



Block






Cancel
Block












Add a location to your Tweets

        When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. 
        You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history.
        Learn more


Turn location on
Not now


























Close



Share Location















Results from 



Send









Close



Your lists













Close



Create a new list




List name




Description

Under 100 characters, optional



Privacy



Public · Anyone can follow this list
      


Private · Only you can access this list
      




Save list











Close
























Close



Copy link to Tweet




Here's the URL for this Tweet. Copy it to easily share with friends.












Close



Embed this Tweet
Embed this Video



Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more
Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more




Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again?






            Include parent Tweet
          




            Include media
          




By embedding Twitter content in your website or app, you are agreeing to the Twitter Developer Agreement and Developer Policy.
Preview












Close



Why you're seeing this ad
















Close



Log in to Twitter
















Remember me

·
Forgot password?












        Don't have an account? Sign up »









Close



Sign up for Twitter





Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen.


Sign up




        Have an account? Log in »









Close



Two-way (sending and receiving) short codes:





Country
Code
For customers of




United States
40404
(any)


Canada
21212
(any)


United Kingdom
86444
Vodafone, Orange, 3, O2


Brazil
40404
Nextel, TIM


Haiti
40404
Digicel, Voila


Ireland
51210
Vodafone, O2


India
53000
Bharti Airtel, Videocon, Reliance


Indonesia
89887
AXIS, 3, Telkomsel, Indosat, XL Axiata


Italy
4880804
Wind


3424486444
Vodafone





        » See SMS short codes for other countries













Close



Confirmation



















Close



 
















Close














            Skip all
          




    Welcome home!
  
This timeline is where you’ll spend most of your time, getting instant updates about what matters to you.




    Tweets not working for you?
  

    Hover over the profile pic and click the Following button to unfollow any account.
  




    Say a lot with a little
  

    When you see a Tweet you love, tap the heart — it lets  the person who wrote it know you shared the love.
  




    Spread the word
  

    The fastest way to share someone else’s Tweet with your followers is with a Retweet. Tap the icon to send it instantly.
  




    Join the conversation
  

    Add your thoughts about any Tweet with a Reply. Find a topic you’re passionate about, and jump right in.
  




    Learn the latest
  

    Get instant insight into what people are talking about now.
  




    Get more of what you love
  

    Follow more accounts to get instant updates about topics you care about.
  




    Find what's happening
  

    See the latest conversations about any topic instantly.
  




    Never miss a Moment
  

    Catch up instantly on the best stories happening as they unfold.
  



Back
Next














Next Tweet from user


























 Authomate Support Center 




 










































  
  
     
      

Welcome to Authomate Support Center
               
                  
          

Enter your search term here...






				Search
			


               
        
      
      
    
  
    





Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)




General Overview
General questions about Strongpass, your account on Authomate Website, and managing Teams and Tea...
             





Security and Recovery
How secure is StrongPass and how safe are my credentials when saved in StrongPass
             





Getting Started StrongPass Personal

 





Getting Started StrongPass Teams

 





Using StrongPass Personal

 





Using StrongPass Teams

 





Downloads




Apps and Extensions
Get information and download links for StrongPass iOS and Android Apps, browser extensions and ot...
             





Videos




How Do I?
Step-by-step video instructions on how to protect your credentials and set yourself free
             






Forums





Announcements 
This is where we make cool new product announcements and tell our customers about fantastic featu...






Feature Requests 
Join the community and tell us what you'd like to see next in our product. Everybody gets to have...






Tips and Tricks 
Useful ideas on how you can better use StrongPass and get more out of it.






Report a problem 
Something went wrong? Uh oh. Tell us about any problems you have and we'll look into it right away.







Who We Are
Established in 2012 and based in New Jersey, we have a driving goal of providing secure access to what matters most to you,
      and a passion to defeat the notion that security breaches have become inevitable. Built by a team with decades of security,
      infrastructure, defense and intelligence experience, we have collaborated to create a foundational and game changing patented authentication technology.
       Read More.



Contact Us
Sales / Marketing:
sales@authomate.com
Press / Investor Relations:
inquiries@authomate.com
STRONGER SECURITY, EASIER TO USE


Social Buzz
Tweets by @authomateinc















