


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Credit Opportunities Fund (PRCPX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Credit Opportunities Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRCPX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/25/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$8.73
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.00
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/25/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								5.30%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$8.25
							
							-
							
								$8.73
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$48.05

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Credit Opportunities Fund among 
590,
590,
N/A
and 
N/A
High Yield Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks a combination of long-term capital appreciation and high income.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/25/2017)
								
							



						
						
							5.04%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							4.28%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							3.71%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					14.44%
				
			

				
					14.44%
				
			


3 Years

				
					1.29%
				
			

				
					1.29%
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 1.85%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							1.85%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							April 29, 2014
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						1.67%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.92%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							September 30, 2018
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			


				The Credit Opportunities Fund charges a 2% 
redemption fee on shares held 90 days or less. 
The performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of the redemption fee; 
if it did, the performance would be lower.
			


2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Tue Jul 25 23:13:28 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                











	Strategies -  Avenue Capital Group

































home
firm
strategies
team
contact
login




































Logged in as:





Strategies
U.S. Strategy
Europe Strategy
Asia Strategy
Real Estate Strategy
Private Equity Strategy
Performing Loans Strategy
Public Fund Strategy
Avenue Income Credit Strategies Closed-End Fund
Avenue Credit Strategies Open-End Fund











Strategies
      Avenue Capital Group's core strategies focus on distressed and undervalued debt and equity opportunities in the U.S., Asia and Europe. In addition, Avenue focuses on real estate and securitized loan obligations. Select an individual strategy to learn more.      * The description of the investment strategies set forth herein are general in nature. 





















							Copyright © 2017 Avenue IP, LLC. All rights reserved
						





Important Disclosures

















Avenue Capital Raising Up To $1.25B For New Energy Fund | FINalternatives






























 




Wednesday, 26 July 2017
Last updated 8 hours ago










Send us News Tips!







 








HomepageAbout UsDirectoryEventsConferencesWebinarsCharity EventsJobsAdvertiseFuturesHard AssetsFINtech 



The Daily Alpha
Hedge Funds
Private Equity
Liquid Alts.
People Moves
Regulation
Halls of Justice
Institutional
Tech & Services
Indices
In Depth
Contributors
Lifestyle







Avenue Capital Raising Up To $1.25B For New Energy Fund
May 5 2015  |  10:45am ET

Avenue Capital has raised approximately $700 million towards a $1.25 billion cap for a new fund that will invest in energy-related opportunities.
The Avenue Energy Opportunities Fund L.P. will buy positions in distressed and stressed companies in the North American energy and utilities sectors, according to a Reuters report citing an unnamed source. 
The new fund is one of several to be formed following the severe decline in energy prices over the past year, according to a Reuters report. Many investors believe the securities of otherwise strong companies have been caught in the downdraft, presenting an opportunity for nimble and well-capitalized investors. 
Meanwhile, Avenue will close its $500 million hedge fund Avenue International, which launched in July 1997 and has returned an average net 7.35 percent per year but lost 0.42 percent in 2014. 
New York-based Avenue manages approximately $13 billion, of which $2 billion is in funds considered to be liquid and the remainder subject to portfolio lockups that can be as long as five years. 






 E-mail This

 Print This

 Order Reprints

 Twitter

 LinkedIn

 Facebook.







Related Links

Avenue Capital Funds Rise In AprilRWC Plans UCITS Versions Of All New Hedge FundsQ3 Sees Launch Of 240 Hedge FundsSCB Global Launches Global Long/Short Equity FundAvenue Capital Said to Target $400M for New Credit Opportunity Fund







< Previous Article 

Next Article > 


 


More News
Quant Manager Acadian Hires Roemer As Portfolio Manager Angelo Gordon Taps Millennium Execs Rudic, Liebman For New L/S Credit StrategyPreqin: Some Private Capital Fund Types Seeing Improved Pricing In 2017Sandell Asset Management Discloses Barnes & Noble Stake, Pushes For SalePrivate Advisors LLC Raises $350M For Seventh Small Company FundFYI Consulting Unveils Cayman-Based Director Support Services Offering FYI Consulting Unveils Cayman-Based Director Support Services Offering Context Jensen: Pace Of Alternative Industry Hiring Remains At RecordGI Partners Names Yau To Key Business Development PostLedgerX Granted Key CFTC License For Digital Currency DerivativesBarings Raises $1.3B For Second Private Debt FundeVestment: Hedge Fund Industry Inflows +$20.65B In First HalfSS&C GlobeOp: Forward Redemption Indicator Down to 2.57%Carlyle Splits TMT Team Leadership, Names McCarter And Dyer As Co-HeadsCarlyle Splits TMT Team Leadership, Names McCarter And Dyer As Co-Heads 



In DepthQ&A: Fund Administration Comes To The CloudJul 14 2017  |  7:23pm ETThe fund administration sector has been steadily implementing new technology, such...LifestyleCFA Institute To Add Computer Science To Exam CurriculumMay 24 2017  |  9:25pm ETStarting in 2019, financial industry executives sitting for the coveted Chartered...Guest ContributorRastegar: PE Real Estate Gains Momentum as Uncertainty RisesJul 21 2017  |  6:04pm ETThe steady march of equity markets and fundamental shift in the direction of Fed...  





FINalternatives Trending


 Platinum Partners Saga Reignites Concerns About Cayman 'Beach Boards'   

 Ex-Weiss, UBS Execs Prepping Launch of New Multi-Strategy Hedge Fund   

 Melkman's Light Sky Macro Said To Be Backed By Hedge Fund Giants   

more >>FINalternatives Most Popular


 The Future of Private Equity: New Opportunities, New Challenges   

 Former MSD Capital Analyst Convicted Of Insider Trading   

 Och-Ziff Capital Management Suffers $13B in Redemptions In Past 13 Months   

 Night Square Capital Partners Said To Close As Founders Join Citadel   

 Platinum Partners Saga Reignites Concerns About Cayman 'Beach Boards'   

more >>more >>



From the current issue of
  
 




 Beyond the tear sheet: War stories from the front lines of hedge fund due diligence 
 Investing in private partnership structures such as hedge funds, private equity and private real estate can be a fruitful and exciting endeavor, especially when venturing into asset classes that lack competition and efficiency. An important qualification to remember when beginning due diligence on a partnership is that no investment is perfect. Each one has its own risks, however esoteric or idiosyncratic, and risks change over time, as do the operations and other intricacies of investment management.   

 
 See more select articles from MODERN TRADER >>
View past issues of MODERN TRADER>>
Subscribe to the magazine >>
 

Hard Assets Trending


 Crude stocks may have snapped six-week build streak  

 Danger in bank accounts  

 Oil prices rise after report shows drop in U.S. stocks  

 Vanadium Batteries to power $27 billion off-grid energy market  

 Gold experiencing corrective setback  

more >>Futures Trending


 To scalp or swing trade? That is the question  

 Top 20 largest gold reserves by country (2014 Edition)  

 Understanding volatility term structure  

 10 rules of technical trading  

 5 advantages of commodity vs. equity options  

more >>



Upcoming Events

Total Alts 2017The 2nd Annual Evidence-Based Investing Conference



 












Subscribe



Follow



Magazine



 







FUTURES Magazine
Commodities
ETFs
Financials
Forex
Managed Funds
Market Analysis
News
Options
Regulation
Technology
Trading Strategies
Education
FUTURES Op-Ed

Futures


Favorites

Alpha Pages Editorial
FUTURES Magazine
Slideshows & Lists

Special Topics

Alpha Hunters
Bad Boys
High-Frequency Trading
Trader's Life
Trading Strategies





Trading Floor

Market Data
Hot Charts
Interactive Charts
LIVE S&P SQUAWK New!
Trading Calendar



FINalternatives


Hard Assets

Home
Base Metals
Precious Metals
Rare Earth Metals
Commodities
Mining Investments



The Alpha Pages


Alpha TV


All +


Follow Us +

FUTURES Magazine
Newsletters
Facebook
Google+
Linkedin
Twitter
RSS Feeds



About Us +

About
Advertise
Contact
Contribute
Privacy Policy






               ! 
            























Fifth Street Opportunities Fund, L.P. - Pooled Investment Fund- Berman  FormDs.com - SEC filings of fundraisings and investments in hedge funds, private equity firms, startups, and growing companies 











 FormDs.com 





 Newest
 Filter
 Local




 









Fifth Street Opportunities Fund, L.P.

      Industry: Pooled Investment Fund
      (See others in industry)

Address:



    777 West Putnam Avenue 3 Rd Floor 
    Greenwich, CT, 06830Phone: (203) 681-3600 




Filings



Date
FilingType
Reported Sold
Incremental Cash 
Type
Exemptions
Link to Raw Filing




	2016-11-21


Amended


$84,062,097


$0


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2015-11-19


Amended


$84,062,097


$29,800,000


Other


06b 3C 3C.7


SEC link




	2014-11-21


Amended


$54,262,097


$41,355,009


Other


06b


SEC link




	2014-03-14


New


$12,907,088


$12,907,088


Other


06b 3C.7


SEC link






Directors and Executives (Current and Past)



Name
Role



 Bernard D. Berman 
 Executive, Promoter 


 N/A Fifth Street Management Llc 
 Promoter 


 Alexander C. Frank 
 Executive 


 N/A Fsco Gp Llc 
 Executive, Promoter 


 Leonard M. Tannenbaum 
 Executive, Promoter 












Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























 











About - Third Avenue Management































 








Mutual Fund Daily Pricing










Select Page


  

e-Delivery
BNY Shareholder LogIn
Invest
Non-US Investors

 



 



 








A Differentiated Approach to Value Investing
Third Avenue is a private investment firm rooted in our collective value-driven investment philosophy. Since our founding in 1986, we have consistently pursued a fundamental, bottom-up approach to deep value and distressed investing–we focus on the company’s balance sheet, the value of its underlying assets, and the discounted price of its securities.  Our distinct investment approach seeks what we believe are the best risk/reward opportunities across geographies, industries, market capitalizations and throughout the capital structure.
 
Long Tenured Management Team
Third Avenue’s Management Committee has full responsibility for the leadership of the Firm. The Management Committee has been in place since 2002 when Affiliated Managers Group (“AMG”) invested in Third Avenue. On average, the Management Committee has provided a decade of service to the Firm. Our refined management structure ensures that its leadership team is represented by senior members of each of our functional departments.
 
Team-Based Investment Approach
Our investment strategies leverage the collective expertise across investment teams. Our team approach enables us to generate and evaluate ideas from multiple perspectives and to efficiently identify the part of the asset class or capital structure that offers the most compelling risk/return opportunity.
 
Ryan Dobratz, CFA | Lead Portfolio Manager, Real Estate




Lead Portfolio Manager  | Joined in 2006
Third Avenue Real Estate Value Strategy 
Mr. Dobratz is a Co-Lead Portfolio Manager of the Third Avenue Real Estate Value Fund and the Third Avenue Real Estate Value Fund UCITS. In this role he collaborates with the other Real Estate Portfolio Managers to oversee Third Avenue’s Real Estate strategy and the Firm’s investments in real estate equities, debt, restructurings, and other special situations. Mr. Dobratz also serves as a member of Third Avenue’s Management Committee.
Prior to joining Third Avenue in 2006, Mr. Dobratz was a research analyst at Morningstar where he was the primary analyst on several North American Real Estate Investment Trusts, real estate holding companies and homebuilders.
At Third Avenue, Mr. Dobratz has been involved with identifying and overseeing a wide range of value-oriented investments in real estate operating companies, real estate investment trusts (“REITs”), and real estate related companies in North America, Europe, Asia, and Australia. These investments have populated the Real Estate portfolios as well as funds managed in other strategies at Third Avenue. Mr. Dobratz has also played a role in the Firm’s real estate related restructuring activities, which have included investments in one of the largest commercial real estate bankruptcies in U.S. history, the reorganization of one of the leading land development companies in North America, and the repositioning of one of the largest office companies in continental Europe.
Mr. Dobratz holds an M.B.A. with distinction and a B.S. with honors in Business Administration from the University of Missouri. He is a CFA© charterholder, has studied at the Imperial College of Science & Technology in London, England, is a member of the New York Society of Security Analysts and the New York Private Equity Network Real Estate Group, and serves on the Advisory Board of the Jeffrey E. Smith Institute of Real Estate at the University of Missouri.



 
 
Matthew Fine, CFA | Lead Portfolio Manager, International




Lead Portfolio Manager  | Joined in 2000
Third Avenue International Value Strategy
Mr. Fine is the Lead Portfolio Manager of the Third Avenue International Value Fund and a member of Third Avenue’s Management Committee. As member of Third Avenue’s Management Committee, Mr. Fine contributes in defining and implementing the firm’s strategic goals.
Mr. Fine joined Third Avenue in 2000 and began working with Third Avenue’s international team in an effort to identify investment opportunities in the wake of the Argentine crisis of 2001. Mr. Fine has extensive global investment experience across developed and developing markets throughout North America, Latin America, Europe and Asia.
Mr. Fine joined Third Avenue’s research and portfolio management team as a Research Associate, the first position typically held by Third Avenue’s internally developed talent. He became a Senior Research Analyst in 2008, a principal of the firm in 2009 and Lead Manager of the Third Avenue International Value Fund in 2014.
Mr. Fine holds a B.A. in Economics from Hamilton College. He is a CFA Charterholder, a member of the New York Society of Security Analysts and a member of the Board of Trustees of Suffield Academy.



 
 
Robert “Chip” Rewey, III, CFA | Lead Portfolio Manager, Value & Small-Cap



Lead Portfolio Manager  |  Joined in 2014
Third Avenue Value Strategy and Third Avenue Small-Cap Value Strategy
Mr. Rewey is the leader of Third Avenue’s Value and Small-Cap Teams, serving as the Lead Portfolio Manager for the Third Avenue Value and Small-Cap Funds.  Mr. Rewey joined Third Avenue Management in 2014.
Before he joined Third Avenue, Mr. Rewey spent more than ten years at Cramer Rosenthal McGlynn, LLC as a Senior Vice President and Senior Portfolio Manager where he oversaw the firm’s smid, mid, large and all cap investment strategies. Prior to Cramer Rosenthal McGlynn, Mr. Rewey was a Senior Portfolio Manager at Sloate Weissman Murray & Company, where he worked directly with the Founder on research and portfolio construction. Mr. Rewey began his career as an Acquisitions Analyst for Associates Corporation of North America before moving on to roles at Oak Value Capital Management and Smith Barney, Inc.
Mr. Rewey earned an M.B.A. in Finance from Duke University Fuqua School of Business and holds a B.S. in Finance from Boston College, graduating Magna Cum Laude. He is a member of the New York Society of Security Analysts.


 
 
Michael Winer | Lead Portfolio Manager, Real Estate

Lead Portfolio Manager | Joined in 1995
Third Avenue Real Estate Value Strategy
Mr. Winer has managed the Third Avenue Real Estate Value Fund since its inception in 1998. He is also the co-portfolio manager of the Third Avenue Real Estate Opportunities Fund LP.
As a real estate securities analyst for Third Avenue in the mid-1990s, Mr. Winer convinced his colleagues that real estate should be (and in fact always had been) an essential part of the firm’s value investing arsenal. This led to Third Avenue establishing its first sector fund — a new concept for a firm whose generalist approach runs deep. Since then, Mr. Winer has played crucial roles in several unique, landmark Third Avenue investments, including the firm’s participation in reorganizing Kmart (which was in Chapter 11 bankruptcy), where Mr. Winer determined that Kmart’s real estate assets provided a substantial margin of safety for Kmart’s stakeholders.
Prior to joining Third Avenue in 1994, Mr. Winer was Vice President of the Asset Sales Group for Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. where he was responsible for evaluating and underwriting portfolios of distressed real estate loans. He had previously been First Vice President of Society for Savings, a Connecticut savings bank, and Director of Asset Management for Pioneer Mortgage, a financial institution, where he directed the workout, collection and liquidation of distressed real estate loan and asset portfolios.
Earlier in his career, Mr. Winer was the Co-Founder and Chief Financial Officer of Winer-Greenwald Development, Inc., a California-based real estate development firm that specialized in the development, construction, ownership and management of commercial properties. Mr. Winer previously held executive positions at Pacific Scene, Inc., and The Hahn Company, both California-based real estate development firms. Mr. Winer began his career in public accounting with Deloitte & Touche (formerly Touche Ross & Co.) where he specialized in real estate development companies.
Mr. Winer holds a B.S. in Accounting from San Diego State University. He is a member of the Board of Directors of Tejon Ranch Co., a public company that owns the largest continuous expanse of private land in California and Five Point Holdings LLC, a public company with three large master-planned communities in coastal California.  Mr. Winer serves on the Board of Trustees of the Future Citizens Foundation (dba The First Tee of Monterey County) and the Pacific Legal Foundation (a public-benefit law firm).
 
 
 
Jason Wolf, CFA | Lead Portfolio Manager, Real Estate




Lead Portfolio Manager  | Joined in 2004
Third Avenue Real Estate Value Strategy 
Mr. Wolf is Co-Lead Portfolio Management of Third Avenue’s Real Estate strategies—the Third Avenue Real Estate Value Fund, the Third Avenue Real Estate Value Fund UCITS and the Third Avenue Real Estate Opportunities Fund L.P.—and a member of Third Avenue’s Management Committee.
Since joining Third Avenue in 2004, Mr. Wolf initiated Third Avenue’s foreign real estate coverage. He has since led the firm into Asia, Europe and other markets globally. As member of Third Avenue’s Management Committee and Risk Committee, Mr. Wolf assists in defining and implementing the firm’s strategic goals.
Previously, Mr. Wolf analyzed U.S. real estate equity securities for European Investors and U.S. debt securities with Moody’s Investor Service. Before joining Moody’s he worked in direct real estate investment and management at Viceroy Investments and Trammel Crow Realty Advisors in Dallas.
Mr. Wolf has a B.B.A. in Finance and Real Estate from Southern Methodist University. He is a CFA Charterholder, a member of the New York Society of Security Analysts.



 
 
 

Our Deep Value Offerings
Third Avenue offers multiple investment solutions with unique exposures and return profiles. Our core strategies are currently available through ‘40Act mutual funds, customized accounts, and UCITS funds.
 
Explore Our Value Strategies
Third Avenue Value Fund
Date of Inception: November 1990
TAVFX | TVFVX
Third Avenue Small-Cap Value Fund
Date of Inception: April 1997
TASCX | TVSVX
Third Avenue Real Estate Value Fund 
Date of Inception: September 1998
TAREX | TVRVX
Third Avenue International Value Fund 
Date of Inception: December 2001
TAVIX | TVIVX
 
Third Avenue Funds are offered only by prospectus. The prospectus contains important information, including investment objectives, risks, advisory fees and expenses. Please read the Prospectus carefully before investing or sending money. For a current Prospectus please visit our Fund Literature page on our website at www.thirdave.com/fund-literature/, or call 800-443-1021.
Distributor of Third Avenue Funds: Foreside Fund Services, LLC.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft
















































































 United States


Personal Investing 




					            TRowePrice.com
					        



					            Personal Investing
					        



					            Workplace Retirement
					        



					            Institutional Investor
					        



					            Institutional Consultant
					        



					            Financial Advisor/Intermediary
					        



			            		Recordkeeping Sponsor/Consultant
			            	























Log Out
Log In


Open an Account
About Us
Help
















My Accounts





Portfolio


Transactions


Statements & Documents


Profile






Mutual Funds






Daily Prices




Historical Performance




Dividend Distributions




Mutual Fund Research Tool




Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds




Bond Funds




Target Date Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds




Prospectuses & Reports







Retirement






IRA




Rollover IRA




Retirement Planning




Required Minimum Distributions




Small Business Retirement Plans




403(b) Plans







Planning & Research






Advice




Investing 101




Asset Allocation Planning




Retirement Planning




College Planning




Tax Planning




Estate Planning




Research & Analysis




T. Rowe Price Insights




Planning & Resources




Charitable Giving







Products & Services






ActivePlus Portfolios




College Savings Plans




Non Retirement Accounts




Private Asset Management




Select Client Services




Advisory Planning Services




Brokerage




Investor Centers





















T. Rowe Price Credit Opportunities Fund (PRCPX)









Home
	  	 / 
	  	 Mutual Funds









					T. Rowe Price
					
					
			
			
			
				Credit Opportunities Fund
				
			
		
	







Print this page
Email this page
Text size



New! Quarterly Fund Fact Sheet Now Available



Ticker Symbol:


			
				PRCPX
			
		


Fund Status:

Open to new Retail investors	   
					
					
				
				 / 
			
			
				
					
						Open to subsequent Retail investments











 





Snapshot

Objective

Performance

Composition

Management

Expenses/Minimums

Compare






		Fund Snapshot
	



Quick Stats



Current NAV
						
							as of
							
								07/25/2017
							
						



			  		
			  			
						  
						  
							$8.73
						  
						
					
				



NAV Change


					
			  			
						  
						  
							$0.00
						  
						
					
				



Daily YTD Return
							
								as of
								
									07/25/2017
								
							



						
							
								
								5.30%
							
						
					


NAV 12 Month Low-High

						
						  
						  
							
								$8.25
							
							-
							
								$8.73
							
						  
						
					



Net Assets
						
							as of
						    
								06/30/2017
						 	
						



					
						$48.05

					
					Million
				



Morningstar Ratings1


as of 06/30/2017



Overall





3 Year





5 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						


10 Year

							
								
								
									N/A

								
							
						




				Morningstar rated the Credit Opportunities Fund among 
590,
590,
N/A
and 
N/A
High Yield Bond
funds for the overall rating and the 3-, 5-, and 10-year periods (as applicable) 
ending 06/30/2017, respectively.


The Overall Morningstar Rating for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance 
figures associated with its three-, five-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The 
weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year 
rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% five-year rating/20% three-year rating 
for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating formula seems to give the most 
weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest impact because it is 
included in all three rating periods.
			

Performance Comparison
as of 
					
						06/30/2017
					
				







							This chart shows the value of a hypothetical $10,000 investment in the fund over the past 10 years or since its inception (for funds lacking 10-year records). The result is compared with benchmarks, which may include a broad-based market index and a peer group average or index. Market indexes do not include expenses, which are deducted from fund returns as well as mutual fund averages and indexes.
						
Benchmark Definitions



1 The Morningstar Rating for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for managed products (including mutual funds, 
variable annuity and variable life subaccounts, exchange-traded funds, closed-end funds, and separate accounts) with at 
least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for 
comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation 
in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent 
performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 
35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star. The Overall Morningstar Rating 
for a managed product is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with its three-, five-, 
and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating metrics. The weights are: 100% three-year rating for 36-59 months of 
total returns, 60% five-year rating/40% three-year rating for 60-119 months of total returns, and 50% 10-year rating/30% 
five-year rating/20% three-year rating for 120 or more months of total returns. While the 10-year overall star rating 
formula seems to give the most weight to the 10-year period, the most recent three-year period actually has the greatest 
impact because it is included in all three rating periods.

			

				
				
Source for Morningstar data: © 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; 
(2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. 
Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising 
from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
			



Average Annual Total Returns and Benchmarks
as of
						06/30/2017
					











Benchmark Definitions

Investment Objective

			The fund seeks a combination of long-term capital appreciation and high income.
		
30-Day Yield2 



Annualized Dividend
							
								as of 
								 
									(07/25/2017)
								
							



						
						
							5.04%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/ Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							4.28%
						
					



SEC Standardized w/o Waiver
							
								as of
								
									(06/30/2017)
								
							



						
							3.71%
						
					


Average Annual Total Returns 3



 
MonthEnd
				06/30/2017
			
QuarterEnd
				06/30/2017
			


1 Year


				
					14.44%
				
			

				
					14.44%
				
			


3 Years

				
					1.29%
				
			

				
					1.29%
				
			


5 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


10 Years

				
					N/A
				
			

				
					N/A
				
			


Since Inception

				
					
					
						
											
							 1.85%
						
						


				
					
					
						
							1.85%
						
						



Inception Date

						
							April 29, 2014
						
					




Gross Expense Ratio^


					
						1.67%
					
				





Net Expense Ratio^


					
						0.92%
					
				



Waiver Type

				
					
					
					
						Contractual
					
				
			


Limitation Expires

				
					
					
						
							September 30, 2018
						
					
				
			




				Current performance may be lower or higher than the quoted past performance, which cannot guarantee future results. 
Share price, principal value, yield and return will vary and you may have a gain or loss when you sell your shares.   
			


				The Credit Opportunities Fund charges a 2% 
redemption fee on shares held 90 days or less. 
The performance information shown does not reflect the deduction of the redemption fee; 
if it did, the performance would be lower.
			


2 The 30-day dividend yield represents the average daily dividends for the 
30-day period, annualized and divided by the net asset values per share 
at the end of the period; it is available the first quarter after the 
fund's inception.  The SEC standardized yield is computed under an SEC 
standardized formula and reflects an estimated yield to maturity 
(assuming all portfolio securities are held to maturity); it is 
available the first month after the fund's inception.  
			

3
					
					Average annual total return figures include changes in principal value, reinvested dividends, and capital gain distributions. 
For funds less than one year old, the Since Inception return figure is not annualized and represents an aggregate total return.
				

^ The gross expense ratio reflects the fund expenses as stated in the fee table of the fund's 
prospectus prior to the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement. 
The net expense ratio reflects fund expenses after the deduction of any waiver or reimbursement.
If a fund has an active contractual expense ratio limitation, the expiration date is shown below the gross and net
expense ratio values above.  Expense ratios are as of the most recent prospectus.
	

























Open an Account




Transact & Trade




View/Update Accounts




Help Center












			Find a Fund
		



Select Fund By Name

Africa & Middle East - I Cl

Africa & Middle East Fund

Asia Opportunities

Asia Opportunities - I Cl

Balanced

Balanced - I Cl

Blue Chip Growth

Blue Chip Growth - I Cl

California Tax-Free Bond

California Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

California Tax-Free Money

California Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Capital Appreciation

Capital Appreciation - I Cl

Capital Opportunity

Capital Opportunity - I Cl

Cash Reserves

Corporate Income

Corporate Income - I Cl

Credit Opportunities

Credit Opportunities - I Cl

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth

Diversified Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Dividend Growth

Dividend Growth - I Cl

Dynamic Global Bond

Dynamic Global Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Corporate Bond - I Cl

Em Mkts Local Currency Bond - I Cl

Emerging Europe

Emerging Europe - I Cl

Emerging Markets Bond

Emerging Markets Bond - I Cl

Emerging Markets Corporate Bond

Emerging Markets Local Currency Bond

Emerging Markets Stock

Emerging Markets Stock - I Cl

Emerging Markets Value Stock

Emerging Markets Value Stock - I Cl

Equity Income

Equity Income - I Cl

Equity Index 500

Equity Index 500 - I Cl

European Stock

European Stock - I Cl

Extended Equity Market Index

Financial Services

Financial Services - I Cl

Floating Rate

Floating Rate - I Cl

Georgia Tax-Free Bond

Georgia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Global Allocation

Global Allocation - I Cl

Global Consumer

Global Growth Stock

Global Growth Stock - I Cl

Global High Income Bond

Global High Income Bond - I Cl

Global Industrials

Global Industrials - I Cl

Global Multi-Sector Bond

Global Multi-Sector Bond - I Cl

Global Real Estate - I Cl

Global Real Estate Fund

Global Stock

Global Stock - I Cl

Global Technology - I Cl

Global Technology Fund

GNMA

GNMA - I Cl

Government Money

Government Money - I Cl

Growth & Income

Growth & Income - I Cl

Growth Stock

Growth Stock - I Cl

Health Sciences

Health Sciences - I Cl

High Yield

High Yield - I Cl

Inflation Protected Bond

Inflation Protected Bond - I Cl

Intermediate Tax-Free High Yield

Intermediate Tax-Free HY - I Cl

International Bond

International Bond - I Cl

International Concentrated Eq - I Cl

International Concentrated Equity

International Discovery

International Discovery - I Cl

International Equity Index

International Stock

International Stock - I Cl

International Value Equity

International Value Equity - I Cl

Japan

Japan - I Cl

Latin America

Latin America - I Cl

Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bd

Lmtd Duration Infl Focused Bd - I Cl

Maryland Short-Term Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Short-Term Tx-Fr Bnd - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Bond

Maryland Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

Maryland Tax-Free Money

Maryland Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Media & Telecommunications

Media & Telecommunications - I Cl

Mid-Cap Growth

Mid-Cap Growth - I Cl

Mid-Cap Value

Mid-Cap Value - I Cl

New America Growth

New America Growth - I Cl

New Asia

New Asia - I Cl

New Era

New Era - I Cl

New Horizons

New Horizons - I Cl

New Income

New Income - I Cl

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond

New Jersey Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Bond

New York Tax-Free Bond - I Cl

New York Tax-Free Money

New York Tax-Free Money - I Cl

Overseas Stock - I Cl

Overseas Stock Fund

Personal Strategy Balanced

Personal Strategy Balanced - I Cl

Personal Strategy Growth

Personal Strategy Growth - I Cl

Personal Strategy Income

Personal Strategy Income - I Cl

QM Global Equity

QM Global Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Eq - I Cl

QM U.S. Small & Mid-Cap Core Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity

QM U.S. Small-Cap Growth Equity - I Cl

QM U.S. Value Equity

QM U.S. Value Equity - I Cl

Real Assets

Real Assets - I Cl

Real Estate

Real Estate - I Cl

Retirement 2005 Fund

Retirement 2010 Fund

Retirement 2015 Fund

Retirement 2020 Fund

Retirement 2025 Fund

Retirement 2030 Fund

Retirement 2035 Fund

Retirement 2040 Fund

Retirement 2045 Fund

Retirement 2050 Fund

Retirement 2055 Fund

Retirement 2060 Fund

Retirement Balanced Fund

Retirement Balanced I - I Cl

Retirement I 2005 - I Cl

Retirement I 2010 - I Cl

Retirement I 2015 - I Cl

Retirement I 2020 - I Cl

Retirement I 2025 - I Cl

Retirement I 2030 - I Cl

Retirement I 2035 - I Cl

Retirement I 2040 - I Cl

Retirement I 2045 - I Cl

Retirement I 2050 - I Cl

Retirement I 2055 - I Cl

Retirement I 2060 - I Cl

Retirement Income 2020

Science & Technology

Science & Technology - I Cl

Short-Term Bond

Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Small-Cap Stock

Small-Cap Stock - I Cl

Small-Cap Value

Small-Cap Value - I Cl

Spectrum Growth

Spectrum Income

Spectrum International

Summit Municipal Income

Summit Municipal Intermediate

Summit Municipal Money Market

Target 2005

Target 2005 - I Cl

Target 2010

Target 2010 - I Cl

Target 2015

Target 2015 - I Cl

Target 2020

Target 2020 - I Cl

Target 2025

Target 2025 - I Cl

Target 2030

Target 2030 - I Cl

Target 2035

Target 2035 - I Cl

Target 2040

Target 2040 - I Cl

Target 2045

Target 2045 - I Cl

Target 2050

Target 2050 - I Cl

Target 2055

Target 2055 - I Cl

Target 2060

Target 2060 - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity - I Cl

Tax-Efficient Equity Fund

Tax-Exempt Money

Tax-Exempt Money - I Cl

Tax-Free High Yield

Tax-Free High Yield - I Cl

Tax-Free Income

Tax-Free Income - I Cl

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate

Tax-Free Short-Intermediate - I Cl

Total Equity Market Index

Total Return

Total Return - I Cl

U.S. Bond Enhanced Index

U.S. High Yield

U.S. High Yield - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core - I Cl

U.S. Large-Cap Core Fund

U.S. Treasury Intermediate

U.S. Treasury Intermediate - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Long-Term

U.S. Treasury Long-Term - I Cl

U.S. Treasury Money

U.S. Treasury Money - I Cl

Ultra Short-Term Bond

Ultra Short-Term Bond - I Cl

Value

Value - I Cl

Virginia Tax-Free Bond

Virginia Tax-Free Bond - I Cl




Select By Ticker Symbol
GTFBX
MDXBX
NJTFX
NYTXX
OTCFX
OTIIX
PBDIX
PCCOX
PCTXX
PDGIX
PEXMX
PGLOX
PGMSX
PGTIX
PIEQX
PNAIX
PNSIX
POMIX
PPIPX
PRAFX
PRAMX
PRASX
PRCIX
PRCNX
PRCOX
PRCPX
PRDGX
PRDMX
PRDSX
PREFX
PREIX
PRELX
PREMX
PRESX
PRFDX
PRFHX
PRFRX
PRFSX
PRGFX
PRGIX
PRGMX
PRGSX
PRGTX
PRHIX
PRHSX
PRHYX
PRIDX
PRIHX
PRIJX
PRIKX
PRINX
PRIPX
PRISX
PRITX
PRIUX
PRJIX
PRJPX
PRKIX
PRLAX
PRMDX
PRMSX
PRMTX
PRNEX
PRNHX
PRNYX
PRPIX
PRRXX
PRSCX
PRSGX
PRSIX
PRSMX
PRSNX
PRSVX
PRTAX
PRTIX
PRTXX
PRUFX
PRUIX
PRULX
PRUUX
PRVAX
PRVIX
PRWAX
PRWBX
PRWCX
PRXAX
PRXCX
PRXEX
PRXIX
PRZIX
PSILX
PTEXX
PTKIX
PTTFX
PTYIX
RBAIX
RCLIX
REIPX
REVIX
RGGIX
RICIX
RJAIX
RLAIX
RPBAX
RPEIX
RPGAX
RPGEX
RPGIX
RPGRX
RPIBX
RPIEX
RPIHX
RPISX
RPMGX
RPOIX
RPSIX
RPTFX
RPTIX
RPTTX
TBCIX
TBGAX
TBSIX
TCBXX
TCFEX
TCRRX
TECIX
TEEFX
TEIMX
TERXX
TEUIX
TFAIX
TFBIX
TFBVX
TFHAX
TFIFX
TFILX
TFRRX
TGAFX
TGIPX
TGTIX
THISX
TICCX
TIDDX
TIIPX
TIRGX
TIRRX
TMDXX
TOORX
TORFX
TPGPX
TPPAX
TQAIX
TQGEX
TQGIX
TQMVX
TQSIX
TQSMX
TQVIX
TRAIX
TRAMX
TRAOX
TRARX
TRASX
TRBCX
TRBFX
TRBRX
TRBUX
TRECX
TREMX
TRFFX
TRFGX
TRFOX
TRFWX
TRGAX
TRGLX
TRGRX
TRGXX
TRHRX
TRIGX
TRJIX
TRLAX
TRLDX
TRMCX
TRMIX
TRMUX
TRNEX
TRNXX
TROIX
TROSX
TRPAX
TRPBX
TRPCX
TRPDX
TRPFX
TRPHX
TRPIX
TRPJX
TRPKX
TRPLX
TRPMX
TRPNX
TRPPX
TRPTX
TRRAX
TRRBX
TRRCX
TRRDX
TRREX
TRRFX
TRRGX
TRRHX
TRRIX
TRRJX
TRRKX
TRRLX
TRRMX
TRRNX
TRROX
TRRTX
TRRUX
TRRVX
TRRWX
TRSGX
TRSTX
TRSXX
TRTFX
TRTIX
TRULX
TRVLX
TRVVX
TRXRX
TRYIX
TSCXX
TSNIX
TTEEX
TTGXX
TTMIX
TTOIX
TTRTX
TTSIX
TTURX
TUHIX
TUHYX
TWNXX
TWRRX


More






Fund Information



Download a Prospectus
Download a Semi-Annual Report
Download an Annual Report
Download Statement of Additional Information
Year-End Dividend Distributions
Year-End Tax Considerations
Dividend Distribution Dates

 





Related Links



Also available to certain investors as a lower cost I Class mutual fund.



























Our Mission Is Simple.
	          Help clients around the world achieve their long-term investment goals. 
	        


Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
LinkedIn




Company Overview
Responsibility
Careers
Investor Relations
Press Releases




Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security Measures
Legal Information
Customer Agreement




Feedback
Mobile Solutions
Contact Us







The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Download a prospectus.

					©Tue Jul 25 23:13:28 EDT 2017. All Rights Reserved. T. Rowe Price Investment Services, Inc., distributor, T. Rowe Price mutual funds. T. ROWE PRICE, INVEST WITH CONFIDENCE, and the bighorn sheep design are trademarks of T. Rowe Price Group, Inc. 
					All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 
				











Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds - Mutual Funds | T. Rowe Price | T. Rowe Price























 















Home
Mutual Funds
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds









Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*









Invest Now

Call us at 877-495-1138



Download a Prospectus












Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Stock Funds



U.S. Stock Funds



International and Global Stock Funds




Bond Funds



U.S. Bond Funds



International and Global Bond Funds




Target Date Funds



Retirement Funds



Target Funds



Income Funds




Asset Allocation Funds




Money Market Funds










                Find a fund
			














Browse all T. Rowe Price
 mutual funds
















Many of our mutual funds earn Morningstar’s highest ratings
Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds







Because of our disciplined approach to investing, Morningstar, a leader in independent investment research, recognizes many of our mutual funds with its highest ratings in the funds' respective categories.

Over 70 of our funds have earned 4- or 5-star Overall Morningstar Ratings as of 5/31/17.*

Morningstar uses a 5-star system to rate mutual funds based on their risk-adjusted returns. Five stars is the highest while one star is the lowest rating. Only the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) are awarded Morningstar's 4- or 5-star rating. By comparison, as of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor Class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.​ Past performance cannot guarantee future results.

View all 4- and 5-star rated funds
 

Explore Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds




Fund Name(ticker)
  


MorningstarCategory
  


Overall MorningstarRating™
  


No. ofFunds InCategory
  


Risk/RewardPotential**
  








Fund Name (ticker)

Morningstar Category

Overall Morningstar Rating™

No. of Funds In Category
Risk/Reward Potential









Compare Morningstar 4- and 5-Star Rated Funds












	            Find a fund
	        












Browse all T. Rowe Price mutual funds










T. Rowe Price Insights&reg



Markets & Economy

Monthly Market Review


		                        					Stay informed about global economic developments and our perspective on market conditions. Read more...






														
							    							 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							






Markets & Economy

Global Markets Weekly Update


		                        					Keep up-to-date on our views on developments in global capital markets. Read more...






														
							    							
							    							                      
								        						July 21, 2017 
							    							
														                    
		                							
		                  							Source:
		                  							
			                    						T. Rowe Price
		                    							
		                							
	                   							










All mutual funds are subject to market risk, including possible loss of principal.
*Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 5/31/17, 72 of 106 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
**This chart displays relative risk of each U.S. mutual fund listed using standard deviation of returns. Those values are provided in the bars at the top of the chart.
Methodology: We evaluate the standard deviation and its resulting placement within a specific risk/return category on an annual basis. A fund is generally placed in a risk/return category based on the 10-year standard deviation of its performance. If a fund is less than 10 years old, the actual fund performance history is supplemented with the primary prospectus benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years. For an Asset Allocation fund with less than 10 years of performance history, sub-strategy returns are used. When a sub-strategy is less than 10 years old, the actual sub-strategy performance history is supplemented with benchmark history to obtain a full 10-year history, or longest time period available up to 10 years.
Risk return categories overlap; a fund with a standard deviation in the overlap between two categories, denoted by a plus (+), is placed so that its risk categorization is better aligned with anticipated return characteristics an investor may experience going forward at the discretion of T Rowe Price.
When a fund has a cash-like benchmark, denoted by a double plus (++), its standard deviation is estimated using only available fund returns. If the fund is less than 10 years old, benchmark returns are not used to obtain a full 10-year history because they would artificially suppress the volatility estimate.
All investments are subject to market risk, including the possible loss of principal. Standard deviation of returns, a measure of price volatility, is one measure of risk. Please consult the funds’ prospectuses for a more complete discussion of the funds’ risks.
+ California Tax-Free Money Fund, Capital Appreciation Fund, Equity Income Fund, Global Allocation Fund, Global Industrials Fund, GNMA Fund, Inflation Protected Bond Fund, International Bond Fund, International Stock Fund, Japan Fund, Limited Duration Inflation Focused Bond Fund, New Era Fund, Personal Strategy Balanced Fund, Personal Strategy Income Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM Global Equity Fund, QM U.S. Value Equity Fund, Retirement 2015 Fund, Retirement 2035 Fund, Retirement 2040 Fund, Retirement 2045 Fund, Retirement 2050 Fund, Retirement 2055 Fund, Retirement 2060 Fund, Short-Term Bond Fund, Spectrum International Fund, Summit Municipal Intermediate Fund, Target 2010 Fund, Target 2025 Fund, Target 2050 Fund, Target 2055 Fund, Target 2060 Fund, Tax-Free Short-Intermediate Fund, Total Equity Market Index Fund, Ultra Short-Term Bond Fund
++ Global Unconstrained Bond Fund






















Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services | T. Rowe Price





















 










>
	




Home
Mutual Funds, Retirement and Investment Services












Introducing T. Rowe Price® 
ActivePlus Portfolios.
Save time with a diversified portfolio-powered by our experts.



		                    Get Started
		                    
		                












My Account   





Remember User Name

Log In

Log In



Forgot user name


Register for online access 




Open an Account






















Mutual Funds









We offer over 120 no-load mutual funds to address your specific investing needs.











                        See All Mutual Funds
                    

















Rollover IRAs









Changing jobs or planning for retirement? Our specialists make rolling over your 401(k) account easy.











                        Learn More
                    

















IRA









Plan for retirement with the help of a Roth IRA or Traditional IRA.











                        Learn More
                    

















            
                
                    
                    See all Products and Services
                    
                         


















Find low-cost mutual funds to help you achieve your financial goals.












Search Mutual Funds
























129







No-Load Mutual Funds
Providing a broad set of opportunities



















Historical Performance





Daily Prices





Download a Prospectus
















Mutual Fund Categories





We offer a full range of investment strategies across multiple asset classes, capitalizations, sectors, and styles.







Fund Type
Number Available
Stock Funds
54
Asset Allocation Funds
34
Money Market Funds
8
Target Date Funds
26
Bond Funds
36






















            
                
                    
                    See all Mutual Funds
                    
                         


















85% of our mutual funds beat their 10-year Lipper average as of 6/30/17*











            
                
                    
                    Learn More
                    
                         















T. Rowe Price Insights®





Access our latest investment thinking, information on retirement planning, and perspectives on the markets.







Personal Finance





Summer 2017 Issue: T. Rowe Price Report

July 20, 2017









Personal Finance





Top 10 Financial To-Dos for Recent College Grads

July 19, 2017









Fixed Income





Finding Opportunities in High Yield Markets

July 18, 2017













            
                
                    
                    See all Articles
                    
                         




















Ready to Get Started?







                        Open an Account
                    










Or Call 1-888-285-2612





















View firm's background on FINRA's BrokerCheck
T. Rowe Price mutual funds are subject to ongoing management fees and may be subject to redemption fees. An IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when an IRA is closed. See prospectus for details.

The mutual funds referred to in this website are offered and sold only to persons residing in the United States and are offered by prospectus only. The prospectuses include investment objectives, risks, fees, expenses, and other information that you should read and consider carefully before investing.
Morningstar gives its best ratings of 5 or 4 stars to the top 32.5% of all funds (of the 32.5%, 10% get 5 stars and 22.5% get 4 stars) based on their risk-adjusted returns. The Overall Morningstar Rating™ is derived from a weighted average of the performance figures associated with a fund's 3-, 5-, and 10-year (if applicable) Morningstar Rating™ metrics. As of 6/30/17, 72 of 108 of our rated funds (Investor class only) received an overall rating of 5 or 4 stars.
The Morningstar RatingTM for funds, or "star rating", is calculated for funds with at least a three-year history. Exchange-traded funds and open-ended mutual funds are considered a single population for comparative purposes. It is calculated based on a Morningstar Risk-Adjusted Return measure that accounts for variation in a managed product's monthly excess performance, placing more emphasis on downward variations and rewarding consistent performance. The top 10% of products in each product category receive 5 stars, the next 22.5% receive 4 stars, the next 35% receive 3 stars, the next 22.5% receive 2 stars, and the bottom 10% receive 1 star.

Source for Morningstar data: ©2017 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. The information contained herein: (1) is proprietary to Morningstar and/or its content providers; (2) may not be copied or distributed; and (3) is not warranted to be accurate, complete or timely. Neither Morningstar nor its content providers are responsible for any damages or losses arising from any use of this information. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
*157 of our 332 mutual funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes and excludes funds used in insurance products). 134 of these 157 (85%) funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 215 of 317 (68%), 183 of 225 (81%), 149 of 180 (83%), of T. Rowe Price funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
36 of our 39 Retirement Funds had a 10-year track record as of 6/30/17 (includes all share classes). 34 of these 36 funds beat their Lipper averages for the 10-year period. 38 of 39, 38 of 39, and 35 of 36 of the Retirement Funds outperformed their Lipper average for the 1-, 3-, and 5-year periods ended 6/30/17, respectively. Calculations are based on cumulative total return. Not all funds outperformed for all periods. (Source for data: Lipper Inc.)
Source: Lipper Inc. 162 of 213 funds (excluding institutional and bank institutional funds as defined by Lipper) more than 6 months old had expense ratios below their Lipper averages based on fiscal year-end data available as of 6/30/17.
The principal value of the Retirement Funds is not guaranteed at any time, including at or after the target date, which is the approximate year an investor plans to retire (assumed to be age 65) and likely stop making new investments in the fund. If an investor plans to retire significantly earlier or later than age 65, the funds may not be an appropriate investment even if the investor is retiring on or near the target date. The funds’ allocations among a broad range of underlying T. Rowe Price stock and bond funds will change over time. The funds emphasize potential capital appreciation during the early phases of retirement asset accumulation, balance the need for appreciation with the need for income as retirement approaches, and focus on supporting an income stream over a long-term postretirement withdrawal horizon. The funds are not designed for a lump-sum redemption at the target date and do not guarantee a particular level of income. The funds maintain a substantial allocation to equities both prior to and after the target date, which can result in greater volatility over shorter time horizons.















x


You are using an unsupported browser version that might prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
 
We suggest clicking an icon below to download a supported browser version.
 
 

Google Chrome
Mozilla Firefox
Internet Explorer
Safari















Roth or Traditional IRA  | T. Rowe Price





















 
















Home
Retirement
IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 












Roth or Traditional IRA
Compare Roth and Traditional IRAs














Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs



    	Navigate To...
        



Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Roth or Traditional IRA 
Rollover and Transfer IRAs





















When it comes to making a thoughtful decision between a Roth IRA and a Traditional IRA, it helps to understand the differences.










 
Roth IRA
Traditional IRA
Taxes
Contributions made are not deductible.
Contributions made can be tax-deductible or non-deductible. Deductibility of contributions depends on active participation in a retirement plan and your modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) not exceeding certain amounts.
Withdrawal of contributions

Withdraw anytime without taxes or penalties.
Withdraw anytime but deductible contributions are taxable and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Withdrawal of Earnings
Tax- and penalty-free when withdrawn at age 59½ if account has been active for at least five years.

Taxable when withdrawn and generally subject to penalties if withdrawn before age 59½.

Age restrictions
None.  
Must be under age 70½ during the tax year of the contribution.

Eligibility
May contribute only if, depending on filing status, MAGI does not exceed certain amounts. You must have US earned income.

No restrictions on contributions. You must have US earned income.  
Required minimum distributions (RMDs)
None during your lifetime.
Must begin taking for the year in which you reach age 70½.














Ready to Start? Call 1-877-583-2153









                        Open a Roth IRA
                    














                        Open a Traditional IRA
                    























Still Unsure About Roth vs. Traditional?











				    
						
				        
				            Answer four questions to find out which IRA may be right for you








































Why T. Rowe Price for a Roth or Traditional IRA?





Low Fees and Minimums.




 



You need to maximize your return potential, so we work to keep our fees competitive. That's why our solutions include no-load mutual funds with low expense ratios. Keep in mind that a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA may be subject to an annual fee, and a fee may be assessed when a Traditional IRA/Roth IRA is closed. Here's more information on fees.



















Convenient and Flexible Fund Choices.




 



You can choose from target date funds with strategic asset allocation and diversification, or select from more than 100 mutual funds to suit your investing needs.






            
                
                    
                    Download a Prospectus
                    
                
	            
	        
	    



















A Global Investing Network in Pursuit of Your Goals.




 



Our highly tenured global investment professionals are continuously assessing potential risk, while identifying opportunities to maximize growth potential over the long term so you have more money in retirement.  





























Want to Move Existing Savings Into a Roth IRA?

















Roll over a 401(k)













A Rollover IRA is one of several options to consider for your former workplace retirement plan, such as a 401(k).
 
Explore your options
Roll over now
 

















Transfer an existing IRA












If you decide to transfer an IRA, we offer over 100 mutual funds from which to choose. And we make it easy by handling most of the paperwork, too.
Transfer an IRA now


















Convert your T. Rowe Price Traditional IRA to a Roth IRA









A Roth IRA offers many advantages over a Traditional IRA, like potentially tax-free withdrawals if you need them.
Convert now




































404 Page Not Found















Page Not Found




We apologize for any inconvenience, but we are unable to locate the page you requested. 
                                This could be due to either of the reasons below: 


                                    If you manually entered the URL, please make sure it is correct. 
                                    Check that the capitalization matches, that all words are spelled correctly, 
                                    and that all the punctuation, like periods (.) and slashes (/) are correctly placed. 
                                    Be sure that you are using the forward slash (/) and not the backward slash (\). 
                                    Remember, there are no spaces in URLs.
                                

                                    If you have bookmarked this page, this page may have been renamed, moved, or deleted. 
                                    Please return to our homepage, and reset your bookmarks.
                                









