

Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version









































Avisare | Los Angeles, CA, US Startup 






















Start up confidently with Gust Launch: all the legal, accounting, and financial tools you need to start and run your company.






















Overview




Pitch Deck




Executive Summary




Financials




Documents


























Avisare

LinkedIn for the Supply Chain






Stage

Full Product Ready



Industry

Software



Location

Los Angeles, CA, US



Currency

USD



Founded

July 2015



Employees

4



Incorporation Type

C-corp



Website

avisare.com

















Company Summary





Avisare is a cloud-based platform for corporations to source qualified suppliers                   
(small-to-mid-size businesses) with an electronic RFP bidding engine. 
We offer suppliers a centralized platform to keep their company information updated, and provide the most robust options to make sourcing a turnkey process.  Our system easily integrates with all vendor management and accounts payable systems for a seamless user experience.  Our AI recommends the right RFPs to a supplier and determines a probability of success prior to submitting a proposal revolutionizing the RFP process. 
Avisare is not a database; we are a network empowering the small business economy.  As a double-sided marketplace, we make money on both sides - charging corporations and a freemium model for suppliers.  We donate a portion of all revenue to sponsor minority student scholarships through the Network For Teaching Entrepreneurship (NFTE). 






















Team













Sky Kelley

CEO & Founder




Sky is a product CEO, serial entrepreneur and experienced executive. She was the Director of New Product Strategy in the digital video group at Disney and ESPN. Prior to that, she served as Director of Business Development for Emerging Media Products at AT&T in the national ad group.  Sky co-founded America's Minority Health Network, which was acquired after a $5m Series A round.  Sky began her career on Wall Street at UBS in NY & London.  















Advisors













Alan Greene


Unconfirmed
















Previous Investors













Taylor Adams


































Loading





Bizapedia.com - Human Validation
















COMPANIESPEOPLEPRODUCTS/SERVICESTRADEMARKSADDRESSESPHONE BOOK




            Our system has detected a high number of page requests from your IP Address, please prove to us that you are a human to continue using our website.
        
























                            Please send me to the search subscription offer page after I successfully answer the word challenge.
                        









BIZAPEDIAPRO SEARCHPerform unlimited searches via ouradvanced search form withBizapedia Pro Search.FIND OUT MORE >BIZAPEDIAPRO DATABuild custom data listsfor one or many stateswith Bizapedia Pro Data.FIND OUT MORE >


Copyright © 2012-2017 · Bizapedia.com · All rights reserved.BlogPro SearchPro APIContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySitemapDesktop Version























Careers | Avisare









































  



















  





















 MENU
















 




 
















Careers











Join the Avisare team as we work to power the small business economy
















Downtown LA – Arts District
525 S Hewitt Street
Los Angeles, CA









Who We Are
Avisare is the centralized network for all businesses to discover new contract opportunities, post their own, and bid on all opportunities using one universal profile. We offer suppliers a centralized platform to keep their company information updated, and provide the most robust options to make sourcing a turnkey process.  Avisare is not a database; we are a network empowering the small business economy.  As a software procurement system with a social mission to grow minority, women, veteran and LGBT businesses, we donate a portion of all revenue to sponsor minority student scholarships through the Network For Teaching Entrepreneurship (NFTE). Avisare is a venture-funded company and a member of the Los Angeles Cleantech Incubator.











What We Do
We attract self-starters who want to be the best and that means continuously learning and taking initiative. We are naturally curious people who know that there is always more to learn. We provide an atmosphere for life-long learners to grow.
We believe EVERY member of our team has an important job to do and should be trained and empowered to do the best job possible. We invest the time and energy into training you so that you can be empowered to act on your own. We all work towards the goal of solving wealth inequality.
We listen – to our clients, to our suppliers, to our partners and to each other. We appreciate different perspectives and opinions. Everyone that has valuable insight can contribute to every part of our organization. Regardless of your title, you have a voice and we expect you to use it.
We work together as a team and appreciate the value that everyone brings. We go the extra mile for each other as much as we do for our clients. We lean on each other because we know that when we win, we do so together.
For more information, read this letter from our founder.











Who We Need
Updated: 7/15/2017
Product Manager
Fall Intern
Lead Software Engineer
Don’t see a position listed here? We are always on the look out for great talent. If you are interested in helping power the small business economy in a dynamic start-up environment, feel free to send an email to: careers@avisare.com. We review every resume sent to us.















Product Manager – The Creator
The technical Product Manager will assume responsibilities of the day-to-day product initiatives and manage the execution of engineering and data science milestones to support the product roadmap and goals for the Supplier network. He/she must be highly detail-oriented and comfortable working directly with engineering teams. The product manager will lead feature development and prioritization and build new products from existing ideas all focused on creating a superior user experience for suppliers – you are the creator. This role requires a unique blend of business and technical savvy; a big picture vision, and the drive to make that vision a reality. The role requires spending significant time in the field with suppliers to understand their problems and find innovative solutions to those problems. It also requires being detail-oriented to an extreme degree.
You will report directly to the CEO and work closely with the CTO. You will drive product design, conduct user experience surveys, manage a cross functional team of engineers, data scientists and UX designers. This role has the potential to become the director of product management given sufficient and demonstrable competence. This role will have cash and equity compensation.
We are looking for confident, dynamic and diligent people to join our team. Applicants should have previous tactical and strategic experience in product management. You must be able to work in a fast-paced, start-up environment, deliver under strict deadlines and be comfortable with software systems. You must have a friendly demeanor and be attentive to everyone’s needs. When everyone else sees despair, you see opportunity and you live for the details on how to realize that opportunity. You must perform well in a team setting, but also work effectively on your own to achieve all company objectives. Must play nice with developers and understand they are people with needs too!
Responsibilities

Establish a deep and intricate understanding of the Avisare platform
Set the short and long-term product vision and strategy for the system with a focus on user experience and machine learning.
Own and manage the product roadmap, setting prioritization for new features while balancing the needs of customers and stakeholders and managing on-time delivery of new functionality.
Introduce new features to market by creating product requirements documents including personas, user stories, wireframes and establishing backlogs; prepare return on investment analysis for epics; work with engineering to establish precise, clear instructions for development of new features
Liaise with marketing to define the go-to-market strategy, helping them understand the product positioning, key benefits and target customers.
Work with customer success management & sales to gather input on new feature requests.
Determine product pricing through market research data, reviewing production and costs.
Provide short and long-term monthly product forecast, roadmap and competitive analysis reports for management
Maintain relevant professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops, reviewing publications, establishing professional networks and participating in professional societies.
Analyze data on feature usage from all sources both internal and external to enhance roadmap.
Provide superior technical support to current users (both suppliers and clients) and be the subject matter expert on sales calls and client review meetings.
Understand suppliers’ needs and create feature enhancements to the system based on those needs always maintaining the priority of a superior user experience.
Other duties as assigned.

Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree or higher in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or related technical discipline
7+ years of experience building high performance reliable services-based software
4+ years of relevant technical product management experience or an equivalent experience
Experience with OOD and object oriented languages
Experience with product management and design software like JIRA, Trello, InVision, and Sketch
Experience translating product vision into quantifiable chunks of work for engineering and data scientists to execute on
Experience in building clickable prototypes
Experience with agile product management methodologies (Scrum, Kanban)

Preferred Skills

Knowledge of marketing principles and practices
Familiarity with Intercom.io and Chargify
Comfort with Analytics software (i.e. Mixpanel)
Experience with AI or machine learning.

Your Benefits

Awesome Education opportunities paid for in an atmosphere of continuous learning
Beautiful, fun, office environment in the hub of start-up incubation in the downtown LA Arts District
Spend your days with the best and brightest making a difference in the world
Stipend for health insurance
Unlimited vacation policy
Fun team outings and flexible Friday work from home policy

Send resumes to careers@avisare.com













Fall Internship
The Avisare Fall Intern will handle a variety of roles and get first-hand experience working at a fast-paced start-up. The internship will cover product management, research and customer support.
Responsibilities

Develop strong relationships with staff acting as the liaison between internal team. May assist in the opportunity development of the account under the direction of senior staff.
Continuously follows up to ensure client expectations regarding quality control, deadlines and customer service are met.
Research accounts, assist in product management and responding to customer support inquiries.

Qualifications

Pursuing a Bachelor’s or Masters degree
A desire to meet and exceed goals
Comfort with software systems
Ability to build relationships with senior level professionals and work well under pressure
Excellent communication, interpersonal and presentation skills
Effective problem solving, time management and organization skills
Intellectual curiosity, along with a competitive spirit

Preferred Skills

Familiarity with Intercom.io and Chargify
Comfort with SQL and data analysis
Comfort with Excel and Powerpoint or Prezi

Your Benefits

Awesome Education opportunities paid for in an atmosphere of continuous learning
Beautiful, fun, office environment in the hub of start-up incubation in the downtown LA Arts District
Spend your days with the best and brightest making a difference in the world
Stipend for health insurance
Unlimited vacation policy
Fun team outings and flexible Friday work from home policy

Send resumes to careers@avisare.com













Lead Software Engineer – The Magician
The Lead Software Engineer will oversee the day-to-day engineering activities and lead the engineering team to enhance and grow the Avisare system. In this role the candidate will work on driving the design, documentation and development efforts within the engineering team.  You will report directly to the CTO and work closely with the product lead to ensure product milestones are managed and executed on time. The system is built on a MEAN stack, but there are plans to include other technologies to our stack as the need arises. The ideal candidate has experience developing for enterprise SaaS platforms and is passionate about building systems with superior user experience that will have a tremendous social impact on thousands of people.
Responsibilities

Expand on the day-to-day development activities for growing the best supply chain sourcing platform in the country
Create and review code to ensure a clean & organized architecture
Develop new & review existing technical architecture documentation for both enterprise clients as well as the supplier network
Actively develop, test, and deploy features across the entire stack with your team
Take on intriguing and complex challenges: Automating complex government rules, compliance integration, and diversifying our product offering
Lead resource planning activities for current & future development
Partner with recruiting to help scale the team by actively sourcing and closing new talent
Bring out the best in the individuals on your team by enabling them to do the best work of their lives

Qualifications

5+ years industry experience in software engineering, with considerable full-stack experience
Strong hands on coding, design, and architectural skills with the MEAN stack
Experience in planning and delivering software platforms used across multiple products (web & mobile)
Senior level database design, development and integrations (SQL, Mongo)
Knowledge of security principles and how they apply to dynamic web applications.
Experience with programming languages such as NodeJS, Python and Java
Experience with AngularJS and React JS
Experience with Docker and AWS
Some experience with DevOps
Experience with JIRA, Trello, InVision, and Sketch
Experience with agile product management methodologies (Scrum, Kanban)
Comfortable with ambiguity and rapid change: excited about pushing out lots of code quickly and constantly iterating
Thorough and methodical: you enjoy working with data and using it to make informed business decisions
Empathetic and employee-focused: you care deeply about doing your best work and helping everyone at the company do their best work

Preferred Skills

Social impact or mission-based experience a plus

Your Benefits

Awesome Education opportunities paid for in an atmosphere of continuous learning
Beautiful, fun, office environment in the hub of start-up incubation in the downtown LA Arts District
Spend your days with the best and brightest making a difference in the world
Stipend for health insurance
Unlimited Vacation policy
Fun team outings and flexible Friday work from home policy

Send resumes to careers@avisare.com















Equal Employment Opportunity
Avisare is dedicated to providing equal opportunities to all individuals regardless of race, color, religion, ethnic or national origin, gender, age, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, veteran’s status, or any other factor that is a prohibited consideration under applicable law.
















 

 
 

 
 




















Avisare: Uniting All Businesses Under the Sky | Business Equality Magazine

































































































 



















Home
About BEQ
Contact Us
Awards
Advertise

Editorial Calendar
Advertising


Corporate Program
Magazine

Latest Magazine
BEQ Pride Magazine Archive


 







 













Small Biz Spotlight
Avisare: Uniting All Businesses Under the Sky

						By BEQPride Magazine | March 15, 2017




Share
Tweet
Share
Share
0 comments



by Melissa Lowery
Sky Kelley is on a mission: create easier access to contracts and capital for small businesses; provide easier access to potential suppliers and demystify the path to success.
Kelley is the founder of Avisare, an electronic bidding platform that serves as a central place for information about all contracting opportunities, whether it’s a government agency, municipality, public utility or corporation. The intuitive interface is designed to make creating a profile, searching for companies, hiring subcontractors and finding new business opportunities simple and fast.
The problem and the solution
The idea to simplify access to contracts came to Kelley when she was running new product strategy for a division of Disney & ESPN. She was constantly looking for new technology to leverage, new companies to work with and but the inefficiencies of the process were daunting.
“That’s where I learned how difficult it is to find the right company, and especially to get diverse businesses included in the bidding process,” Kelley said. “I was often told, ‘Oh, we don’t have any diverse companies who can do that.’ I knew there were people out there.”
But when Kelley learned about the process and method for gaining access to these opportunities she realized there was a formidable barrier to entry—having to complete and maintain the registration process with each company’s portal.
Kelley’s thought — the overall inefficiencies in the process and the undue burden on small businesses to maintain multiple third party registration profiles beg the question — “Why don’t we do it differently?”
“Avisare is a network, not a database” acting like LinkedIn for the supply chain, according to Kelley. A small business can create a single profile that is accessible to whomever requests it, which solves one inefficiency immediately.
“Having a single profile reduces time needed to input information by about 80%”, Kelley said. “We’ve done a lot of work in the space to find out what information companies and government entities use to evaluate you, then making it simple by giving you this one profile and maximizing the use out of it so everyone can see that same information that they need on you.”
Profiles include basic information about the company and capabilities, but Avisare goes several steps further by enabling companies to add case studies, sales and marketing materials, client references, green and technology certifications, testimonials and veteran, disability and minority certifications. Certification status is a searchable criteria on the platform, adding relevance and attractiveness to potential business partners. The profile is especially beneficial to service-based businesses that need to showcase their value.
“We’re not leading with certifications, but naturally we’re finding this aspect created a great differentiator for our users, including corporations who want to meet and exceed their self-imposed diversity goals,” Kelley advised. “With an Avisare profile, you can maximize the exposure of everything that makes your business unique. If a company is looking for a mobile applications developer with insurance industry experience in Florida who is LGBT-certified, Avisare makes it easy to find them.”
The Avisare platform enables collaboration across the enterprise to streamline research and matching potential opportunities to eligible suppliers early in the procurement process. Buyers, the people who will ultimately hire and work with the suppliers, can search for businesses—all businesses, not just certified diverse firms—through the platform. Both procurement professionals and supplier diversity managers can see which categories and what types of businesses their buyers are searching for on the platform and use this information to submit qualified diverse businesses to the appropriate buyers.
“This allows procurement and supplier diversity managers to track who is interested in which categories before a Request for Proposal is issued, while buyers are still in vetting mode,” Kelley said. “The three constituents can also collaboratively create RFP drafts so supplier diversity managers are aware of upcoming opportunities and can research vendors before the RFP is posted.”
Kelley and her team have also built in additional functionality for buyers, for whom growing the supplier base is an imperative. Establishing, developing and maintaining relationships and communication with potential suppliers often provides a competitive advantage.
“The Avisare system tracks all activity that happens on the site, when buyers, procurement professionals and supplier diversity managers are searching for suppliers, looking at profiles, downloading information or inviting a supplier into a private bid,” Kelley said. “All of that history is stored in the company’s record of each supplier, so if your main contact person leaves the company, the history of that relationship does not walk out the door with them.”
Demystifying success
Although the company does not disclose the exact size of its user base, Kelley confirmed that thousands of businesses are now using Avisare. As Avisare grows into a centralized platform to access contract opportunities around the country, Kelley has initiated the next phase of the Avisare strategic plan to save time for small businesses by maximizing the value of having one profile and sharing that information. The company is set to launch a pilot project in the Los Angeles area focused on access to capital. For many new businesses, and especially diverse businesses, working capital—which is used to keep the doors open, make payroll or to pay bills—could mean the difference between success and failure.
Kelley’s vision for Avisare is to be a one-stop shop for small businesses in the contracting space to gain access to contracts and capital. She and her team believe doing so goes beyond individual success to create real impact for small businesses and the communities around them.
“I have always felt passionately about leveling the playing field for diverse groups—minority, LGBTQ, women, veteran and disability communities—to be able to get ahead, to be empowered, to know what it takes to succeed,” Kelley said. “So often people in our community think there’s some magic or secret sauce to growing a company and creating generational wealth. My goal is to demystify it and make it accessible. We won’t make instant millionaires of everyone, but at least you’ll have a path, a guide to accomplish what you want to do.”
To learn more about Avisare or to set up your free small business profile visit Avisare.com/join.

 
Related ItemsAvisareFeaturedMarch 2017Vol 2 Iss 1 




 
BEQPride Magazine
Business Equality Pride (BEQPride) is the first publication from the BEQ family of national print and digital magazines exclusively addressing the needs of LGBTQ small-to-medium sized businesses, entrepreneurs and professionals.







						← Previous Story U. S. Small Business Administration receives the Harvard Bright Ideas in Government Award 

						Next Story → Melissa Thomas: Creating a Legacy 


You may also like...






Bristol-Myers Squibb Leads with Passion, Purpose & Pride







NBIC Announces Second Annual Best-of-the-Best List







Millennial Spotlight


 
 


Connect With Us

















Corporate Eminence Award Finalists Announced The Business Equality Network is pleased to announced the finalists for the BEQ Pride 2017 LGBTQ Corporate Eminence Award:
Ameren
IBM
JPMorgan Chase
Nationwide
The winner will be featured in BEQ Pride Vol 3.

BEQ NOW




 

BEQPride Magazine | June 20, 2017
Bristol-Myers Squibb Leads with Passion, Purpose & Pride
By Melissa Lowery The people at Bristol-Myers Squibb have a lot to be proud of when it comes...






 

BEQPride Magazine | June 20, 2017
NBIC Announces Second Annual Best-of-the-Best List
The National Business Inclusion Consortium (NBIC) named the second annual Best-of-the-Best list of corporations in America committed to...






 

BEQPride Magazine | June 20, 2017
Millennial Spotlight
When a group of students and Faculty from University of North Carolina at Charlotte’s School of Architecture won...






 

BEQPride Magazine | June 20, 2017
HEI rewards Healthcare Equality Leadership
By Melissa Lowery & Mark Stone This year marks the 10th anniversary of the Healthcare Equality Index, the...




Business Equality Excellence Award 


Congratulations:


                            Accenture 
Aetna Inc.
AIG 
Ameren Corp. 
American Airlines  
American Express Co. 
Ameriprise Financial Inc. 
Anthem Inc. 
Apple Inc.
Automatic Data Processing Inc. 
AXA 
Bank of New York Mellon Corp., The 
Baxter International Inc. 
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Florida Inc. 
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. 
Caesars Entertainment Corp. 
Capital One Financial Corp. 
Cargill Inc. 
CBRE Inc. 
Charter Communications 
Chevron Corp. 
CIGNA Corp. 
Cisco Systems Inc. 
Colgate-Palmolive Co.
Comcast NBCUniversal 
Corning Inc. 
Cummins Inc. 
CVS Health Corp. 
Darden Restaurants Inc. 
Delhaize America Inc. 
Delta Air Lines Inc. 
Diageo North America 
E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Co. (DuPont) 
Ernst & Young LLP 
Facebook Inc. 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. (Freddie Mac) 
Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae) 
Genentech Inc. 
General Mills Inc. 
General Motors Co. 
GlaxoSmithKline LLC 
Google Inc. 
Hallmark Cards Inc. 
Hartford Financial Services Group Inc., The 
Health Care Service Corp.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. 
Hilton Worldwide Inc. 
Humana Inc. 
Hyatt Hotels Corp. 
IBM Corp. 
Ingersoll-Rand Company 
Intel Corp.
Interpublic Group of Companies Inc. 
JLL 
John Hancock Financial Services Inc. 
Johnson & Johnson 
JPMorgan Chase & Co.
Kaiser Permanente 
Kellogg Co. 
Kimberly-Clark Corp. 
KPMG LLP 
Major League Baseball
Marriott International Inc. 
Marsh & McLennan Companies Inc. 
Merck & Co. Inc. 
MetLife Inc. 
MGM Resorts International 
MillerCoors LLC 
Monsanto Co. 
Morgan Stanley 
Nationwide 
New York Life Insurance Co. 
Nielsen 
Nordstrom Inc. 
Northrop Grumman Corp. 
Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corp. 
Office Depot Inc. 
PepsiCo Inc. 
Pfizer Inc. 
PG&E Corp. 
PNC Financial Services Group Inc., The 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
Principal Financial Group 
Procter & Gamble Co. 
Prudential Financial Inc. 
RBC Wealth Management 
Shell Oil Co. 
Sodexo Inc. 
Sony                        


  




Home
About
 





The Business Equality Network (BEQ) is a group of strategic media, consulting, research and business accelerators committed to reaching and empowering LGBTQ, women, minority and other underrepresented, underserved and underutilized business communities. BEQ leverages its dedicated communication platforms to facilitate an increase in cross-sector (public, private, civil society) engagement of diverse professionals, business-owners and entrepreneurs. 














Copyright © 2017 Business Equality Network, LLC



Latest News




Bristol-Myers Squibb Leads with Passion, Purpose & Pride






NBIC Announces Second Annual Best-of-the-Best List






Millennial Spotlight






HEI rewards Healthcare Equality Leadership






BlueprintNYC:  Putting people first






Out Leadership CEO Todd Sears on making the connection between LGBTQ inclusion & business






Tags

Featured
Vol 2 Iss 2
Vol 2 Iss 1
March 2017
Issue 2
Issue 1
NGLCC
Woman-owned
HRC
SBA
WBE
supplier diversity
Equator Coffee and Teas
Publisher's Note
LGBTBE
LGBT
PRIDE
non-profit
TurnOut
National Business Inclusion Consortium
Millennial Spotlight
Bristol-Myers Squibb
LGBTQ Business Equality Excellence Award
Perspective
Chevron
Loud-Hailer
ReThink
Necessity Bags
tech
apps 


























I'm a Supplier or Vendor | Avisare









































  



















  





















 MENU
















 




 
















For the Business that Supports Businesses










You might go by many different names; entrepreneur, supplier, vendor, etc. No matter what you’re called, your livelihood is to provide other buisnesses the products and services they need to survive. With Avisare, we position you in front of businesses searching for your products and services in a fast and efficient manner. You can find and be found for partnerships, joint ventures, contract with sub and prime contractors, bid on RFPs, and more.
With one profile, the Avisare network lets you:







 
 Get hired by other businesses searching for your services


 
 Respond to RFPs from companies large and small


 
 Create your own RFPs to support other small businesses


 
 Get exposure to buyers at large companies looking to work with you




SIGN UP
 














B2B Network Features














BRANDED PROFILES



Your brand is important and we know it. Showcase your website, and add your company logo to your Avisare profile for easy brand promotion. Showcase awards, key management contacts and more. 














EVENT NOTIFICATIONS



When growing your business, networking is key. Find B2B networking events local to you and nationwide for maximum exposure. 














B2B MESSAGING



Receive all notifications for partnerships, joint ventures and service inquiries in one place. No more wading through a sea of emails to find that key message. 














REMINDERS



Regain control of your inbox. Keep track of certification renewal dates and RFP submission deadlines in one place. 














RFP SUBMISSIONS



Don’t just respond to RFPs on Avisare; create your own! When you need business services, post RFPs and review proposals easily with the proposal submission view. 














QUICK SEARCH



Search for consultants and B2B businesses by category, keyword, location and service offering. Search and discovery done right. 












“In a healthy economy, small businesses create 75% of net new jobs. When the economy is recovering from a recession, small firms play an even greater role in job creation, responsible for all new positions.”
Small Business Majority 













Why Use Avisare?
The system is…













TARGETED




Companies on Avisare are there to find and be found, so you are reaching a targeted audience of users.












EASY TO USE




No IT skills needed here. Just sign up and follow our simple steps to create your profile. Search for consultants, search other business services and respond to RFPs. 












COMMUNITY-ORIENTED




The Avisare network of consultants and B2B businesses share a common goal - to create a supportive community where we can grow together. 

















 

 
 

 
 





















 













 







Avisare | San Jose Water Company Registration














































One Profile | One Network | All Opportunities
Free & Easy to Join: You never have to pay to be listed, discovered, hired, or to view and bid on opportunities. One profile to access opportunities from private corporations, government entities, and businesses of all sizes. One-click response to Requests For Proposals (RFP's) with your profile information.





Contact Information


First Name



Last Name





Phone Number



Use another email - 
Email



Company Information
Please Select Your Organization Type:




I am an independent consultant (A 1099 employee, and/or my business mainly consists of me as an individual offering my skills).


OR



I am with a business, firm or organization which mainly consists of us as a group offering our services and/or selling a product.







Company Name



Company Website







Type of Business

{{$select.selected}}






Primary Function


											{{$select.selected.functionName}}
										








Country

{{$select.selected.countryName}}






State

{{$select.selected.stateName}}








City

{{$select.selected.cityName}}






Zip Code





Address Line 1



Address Line 2



Additional Information



Industries You Serve


{{$select.selected.industryName}}







Industries You Serve

{{$select.selected.industryName}}







Industries You Serve

{{$select.selected.industryName}}








{{ clientRegCtrl.independent === 'false' || !clientRegCtrl.independent ? 'Products & Services' : 'Services' }}


Characters left: {{clientRegCtrl.productLimit - clientRegCtrl.prodandserv1.length}}



{{ clientRegCtrl.independent === 'false' || !clientRegCtrl.independent ? 'Products & Services' : 'Services' }}

Characters left: {{clientRegCtrl.productLimit - clientRegCtrl.prodandserv2.length}}



{{ clientRegCtrl.independent === 'false' || !clientRegCtrl.independent ? 'Products & Services' : 'Services' }}

Characters left: {{clientRegCtrl.productLimit - clientRegCtrl.prodandserv3.length}}



Profile Preview


{{ clientRegCtrl.independent === 'true' || !clientRegCtrl.independent ? 'About Me' : 'About Us' }}


									















{{ clientRegCtrl.independent === 'true' || !clientRegCtrl.independent ? 'Profile Image' : 'Company Logo' }}




Header Image

(Large background image that represents your company, industry, and/or services)









											I acknowledge that I have read the Terms of Use Agreement  and Consent to the Privacy Policy




Submit 




































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft



















National Pen® Official Site | Promotional Products Since 1966






























 
















  Pens & Writing Pens & Writing    pens plastic retractable metal stick translucent rollerball grip gel ink twist novelty stylus gift sets blue ink light up pens SmoothWrite™ Ink     highlighters markers pencils standard mechanical golf pencils Shop All Pens & Writing     Shop by Family contour pens squiggle pens colorama pens Cirrus Pens DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Shop by Brand BIC® Paper Mate Goofy Uni-ball Sharpie       Featured Item  Bering Stylus Pen  as low as $0.64     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Bags Bags    business bags laptop briefcases backpacks drawstring bags tote bags Reusable Shopping Bags paper bags     travel bags luggage accessories coolers & lunch bags duffle bags Canvas Bags plastic bags golf bags Shop All Bags     Shop by Brand High Sierra KOOZIE® elleven Case Logic       Featured Item  Budget Shopper Tote  as low as $0.99     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Drinkware Drinkware    travel mugs stadium cups glassware tumblers Bottle Openers     thermos water bottles ceramic mugs beverage holders KOOZIE® Coasters Shop All Drinkware     Shop by Brand Tritan KOOZIE® Cool Gear       Featured Item  Square Coaster with Bottle Opener  as low as $1.13     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Stationery Stationery & Calendars    stationery sticky notes presentation folders padfolios note pads note pad sets flag sets document holders business card holders     Holiday Cards Calendars wall calendars Stick Up Calendars magnetic calendars planners & diaries desk calendars calendar accessories       Featured Item  Spiral Bound Notebook with Colored Dividers  as low as $1.65     Shop Now           Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Tech & Office Tech & Office    Tech Gadgets USB flash drives stylus Cell Phone Stands Selfie Sticks Audio & Music Earbuds & Headphones Speakers Portable Chargers Power Banks Tech Accessories mouse pads     desk accessories calculators letter opener rulers magnets auto magnets shaped magnets business card magnets Business Card Products Stress Relief Shop All Tech & Office     Shop by Brand BIC® iFidelity myCharge Tangle Zoom       Featured Item  8GB Promotional USB Flash Drive  as low as $3.49     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Tradeshow Tradeshow    lanyards & badges Banners & Signs candy table covers & throws Tote Bags buttons, pins, ribbons balloons accessories Shop All Tradeshow       Featured Item  11" Crystal Balloon  as low as $0.15     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Auto & Home Auto & Home    home living Clocks & Watches piggy banks picture frames ornaments home accessories Magnets apparel shirts polo shirts outerwear Women's Clothing Men's Clothing headwear sunglasses bracelets kitchenware kitchen products clips auto accessories Ice Scrapers flashlights     outdoor umbrellas blankets sports outdoor accessories golf chairs Beach Balls wellness personal care lip balm hand sanitizers first aid Emery Boards tools screwdrivers carpenter tools tape measures Knives keychains plastic metal light up Shop All Auto & Home     Shop by Brand Gildan Slazenger Hanes Carhartt Cutter & Buck Titleist       Featured Item  LED Flashlight Key Chain  as low as $1.54     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Gifts Gifts    Top Gift Ideas Gift Bags Back to School Food & Drinkware  Reunion Favors Calendars & Planners Rush Products Tech Gadgets luxury gifts Wedding Gifts Graduation Gifts Shop All Gifts       Featured Item  Gelato Pen and Flashlight Gift Set  as low as $1.29     Shop Now             Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas        Closeout Closeout    Auto & Home Drinkware Office     Tech Gadgets Writing See All Closeout          Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          See All  
























Quick Shopping Links

Toggle Links



 Quick Shopping Links   National Pen Brand  Buy 1, Get Some Free  Sales & Closeout New Products  Best Selling Products  Rush Service  Full Color Designs 









Submit









Personalized Pens  Retractable Pens Plastic Pens Metal Pens Gel Ink Pens Blue Ink Pens BIC & National Pen  Bags  Tote Bags Coolers  Drinkware  Travel Mugs Water Bottles  Office  Magnets Letter Openers  Auto & Home  Key Chains Flashlights  Stationery  Note Pads Sticky Notes Calendars  Popular Brands  BIC PaperMate Uni-Ball Sharpie KOOZIE 







xClose

	Free Shipping & Setup for New Customers with coupon code FREE!
































 Popular Searches    Contour Pens Squiggle Pens Colorama Pens Cirrus Pens     DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Superball Pen Flashlight Pens     Custom Selfie Stick Key Chain Flashlight  Stylus Pens BIC Pens     Tech Gadgets Budget Friendly Products Low Minimum Pens All Promotional Products    




National Pen®  - Your #1 source for promotional products and personalized pens
National Pen®  offers high quality personalized products at factory-direct pricing.  In business over 45 years, we manufacture and assemble many of our promotional products in the USA.  Advertise your business by imprinting your company name or logo on personalized pens, key chains, note pads, magnets, calendars, mugs, tote bags & more.  Personalized promotional products are perfect for trade show giveaways, customer appreciation, corporate events, and marketing your brand.




























+Close
Join Our Email List


Join our list to be the first to know about new products, special offers, sales and more!
Plus, get 15% off  your next order.


Email:


First Name:


Last Name:


Cancel


                            You can opt out at anytime. Please refer to our Privacy Policy
 or Contact Us
 for more details












XClose
Survey
























Closeout Promotional Products: Pens, Pencils & More | Pens.com





































 
















  Pens & Writing Pens & Writing    pens plastic retractable metal stick translucent rollerball grip gel ink twist novelty stylus gift sets blue ink light up pens SmoothWrite™ Ink     highlighters markers pencils standard mechanical golf pencils Shop All Pens & Writing     Shop by Family contour pens squiggle pens colorama pens Cirrus Pens DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Shop by Brand BIC® Paper Mate Goofy Uni-ball Sharpie       Featured Item  Bering Stylus Pen  as low as $0.64     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Bags Bags    business bags laptop briefcases backpacks drawstring bags tote bags Reusable Shopping Bags paper bags     travel bags luggage accessories coolers & lunch bags duffle bags Canvas Bags plastic bags golf bags Shop All Bags     Shop by Brand High Sierra KOOZIE® elleven Case Logic       Featured Item  Budget Shopper Tote  as low as $0.99     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Drinkware Drinkware    travel mugs stadium cups glassware tumblers Bottle Openers     thermos water bottles ceramic mugs beverage holders KOOZIE® Coasters Shop All Drinkware     Shop by Brand Tritan KOOZIE® Cool Gear       Featured Item  Square Coaster with Bottle Opener  as low as $1.13     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Stationery Stationery & Calendars    stationery sticky notes presentation folders padfolios note pads note pad sets flag sets document holders business card holders     Holiday Cards Calendars wall calendars Stick Up Calendars magnetic calendars planners & diaries desk calendars calendar accessories       Featured Item  Spiral Bound Notebook with Colored Dividers  as low as $1.65     Shop Now           Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Tech & Office Tech & Office    Tech Gadgets USB flash drives stylus Cell Phone Stands Selfie Sticks Audio & Music Earbuds & Headphones Speakers Portable Chargers Power Banks Tech Accessories mouse pads     desk accessories calculators letter opener rulers magnets auto magnets shaped magnets business card magnets Business Card Products Stress Relief Shop All Tech & Office     Shop by Brand BIC® iFidelity myCharge Tangle Zoom       Featured Item  8GB Promotional USB Flash Drive  as low as $3.49     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Tradeshow Tradeshow    lanyards & badges Banners & Signs candy table covers & throws Tote Bags buttons, pins, ribbons balloons accessories Shop All Tradeshow       Featured Item  11" Crystal Balloon  as low as $0.15     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Auto & Home Auto & Home    home living Clocks & Watches piggy banks picture frames ornaments home accessories Magnets apparel shirts polo shirts outerwear Women's Clothing Men's Clothing headwear sunglasses bracelets kitchenware kitchen products clips auto accessories Ice Scrapers flashlights     outdoor umbrellas blankets sports outdoor accessories golf chairs Beach Balls wellness personal care lip balm hand sanitizers first aid Emery Boards tools screwdrivers carpenter tools tape measures Knives keychains plastic metal light up Shop All Auto & Home     Shop by Brand Gildan Slazenger Hanes Carhartt Cutter & Buck Titleist       Featured Item  LED Flashlight Key Chain  as low as $1.54     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Gifts Gifts    Top Gift Ideas Gift Bags Back to School Food & Drinkware  Reunion Favors Calendars & Planners Rush Products Tech Gadgets luxury gifts Wedding Gifts Graduation Gifts Shop All Gifts       Featured Item  Gelato Pen and Flashlight Gift Set  as low as $1.29     Shop Now             Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas        Closeout Closeout    Auto & Home Drinkware Office     Tech Gadgets Writing See All Closeout          Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          See All  





























Closeout




































Narrow Your Search:

Toggle filter



Category



						Writing Closeout (2)
					  





						Auto and Home Closeout (12)
					  





						Office Closeout (11)
					  





						Tech Closeout (5)
					  





						Drinkware Closeout (1)
					  


Product Colors



						Assorted (8)
					  





						Black (13)
					  





						Blue (13)
					  





						Brown (1)
					  





						Burgundy (1)
					  





						Custom (2)
					  





						Gold (1)
					  





						Gray (1)
					  





						Green (7)
					  





						Multi-Color (1)
					  





						Show More...


Price



						$0.39 or Less (2)
					  





						$0.40 - $0.59 (4)
					  





						$0.60 - $0.79 (1)
					  





						$0.80 - $0.99 (3)
					  





						$1.00 - $1.49 (10)
					  





						$1.50 - $1.99 (4)
					  





						$2.00 - $2.99 (2)
					  





						$3.00 - $4.99 (5)
					  


Minimum Quantity



						10 - 49 (5)
					  





						50 - 99 (23)
					  





						100 - 199 (2)
					  





						200 or More (1)
					  





Recently Viewed Products:

Toggle Recently Viewed





You have no recently viewed items










xClose

	Free Shipping & Setup for New Customers with coupon code FREE!






Closeout Promotional Items


        31 results found











Items per page:


                                      12
24
36
48
All

Sort by:

Default
Best Sellers
Price: Low - High
Price: High - Low
Minimum Quantity
Name: A - Z
Name: Z - A


  Grid
  List




















				Handy Helper Phone Stand





						As low as

		$1.16

						each!


















				Laser Engraved Journal with Strap





						As low as

		$3.19

						each!


















				Executive Notepad with Neon Flags





						As low as

		$1.59

						each!


















				Deluxe Sticky Notebook with Apple Notes





						As low as

		$1.45

						each!


















				Window Frame Journal





						As low as

		$1.89

						each!


















				School Pouch





						As low as

		$0.89

						each!


















				Contempo Desk Calculator





						As low as

		$2.29

						each!


















				USB Laptop LED Flex-Light





						As low as

		$1.29

						each!


















				Glitter/Sparkle Pencil





						As low as

		$0.19

						each!


















				Trusty Dual Light with Bottle Opener





						As low as

		$1.49

						each!


















				Patriot Party Light





						As low as

		$0.79

						each!


















				Expedition Key Ring





						As low as

		$1.39

						each!














1
2
3



This closeout sale is a great way to save on some of the hottest promotional items around. From customized key rings that sport your company's logo to colorful pens that your clients can't help but notice, this page contains dependable, high-quality products at a fraction of their regular cost.With your personalized closeout order, you'll receive steeply discounted products without compromising on quality. These savings are sure to magnify your already deep closeout discounts of 50 percent or more. These items aren't just affordable: Designed with the highest quality in mind, they're designed to offer the best value around. Each closeout spiral notebook is held together with the finest plastic rings that can be customized in virtually any color of your choosing.Every sturdy carabiner is tested to ensure that it can hold a solid load. Even the closeout zoom-light key chains that you'll find here are built to emit concentrated, powerful illumination that can help your clients read in the dark or find their way around a closet.Of course, no closeout sale would be complete without a full range of customization options. With over 500 custom colors and the ability to imprint a wide range of images and characters onto each item of your order, your closeout order is sure to help your company stand out from the crowd.These personalized products are great for distributing at big events like trade shows or conventions, and they work well as guerrilla marketing tools as well. You can even use them to turn your next customer appreciation day into an advertising bonanza.Before you place your order, be sure to make it your own. For maximum impact, wrap your items with a printed image or logo that sums up your business. To stay fresh in the minds of prospective clients, imprint your company's slogan or contact information on your closeout products. Once you're ready to purchase, simply choose your desired quantity and await your game-changing shipment.





































Back to School | National Pen




 












  Pens & Writing Pens & Writing    pens plastic retractable metal stick translucent rollerball grip gel ink twist novelty stylus gift sets blue ink light up pens SmoothWrite™ Ink     highlighters markers pencils standard mechanical golf pencils Shop All Pens & Writing     Shop by Family contour pens squiggle pens colorama pens Cirrus Pens DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Shop by Brand BIC® Paper Mate Goofy Uni-ball Sharpie       Featured Item  Bering Stylus Pen  as low as $0.64     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Bags Bags    business bags laptop briefcases backpacks drawstring bags tote bags Reusable Shopping Bags paper bags     travel bags luggage accessories coolers & lunch bags duffle bags Canvas Bags plastic bags golf bags Shop All Bags     Shop by Brand High Sierra KOOZIE® elleven Case Logic       Featured Item  Budget Shopper Tote  as low as $0.99     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Drinkware Drinkware    travel mugs stadium cups glassware tumblers Bottle Openers     thermos water bottles ceramic mugs beverage holders KOOZIE® Coasters Shop All Drinkware     Shop by Brand Tritan KOOZIE® Cool Gear       Featured Item  Square Coaster with Bottle Opener  as low as $1.13     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Stationery Stationery & Calendars    stationery sticky notes presentation folders padfolios note pads note pad sets flag sets document holders business card holders     Holiday Cards Calendars wall calendars Stick Up Calendars magnetic calendars planners & diaries desk calendars calendar accessories       Featured Item  Spiral Bound Notebook with Colored Dividers  as low as $1.65     Shop Now           Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Tech & Office Tech & Office    Tech Gadgets USB flash drives stylus Cell Phone Stands Selfie Sticks Audio & Music Earbuds & Headphones Speakers Portable Chargers Power Banks Tech Accessories mouse pads     desk accessories calculators letter opener rulers magnets auto magnets shaped magnets business card magnets Business Card Products Stress Relief Shop All Tech & Office     Shop by Brand BIC® iFidelity myCharge Tangle Zoom       Featured Item  8GB Promotional USB Flash Drive  as low as $3.49     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Tradeshow Tradeshow    lanyards & badges Banners & Signs candy table covers & throws Tote Bags buttons, pins, ribbons balloons accessories Shop All Tradeshow       Featured Item  11" Crystal Balloon  as low as $0.15     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Auto & Home Auto & Home    home living Clocks & Watches piggy banks picture frames ornaments home accessories Magnets apparel shirts polo shirts outerwear Women's Clothing Men's Clothing headwear sunglasses bracelets kitchenware kitchen products clips auto accessories Ice Scrapers flashlights     outdoor umbrellas blankets sports outdoor accessories golf chairs Beach Balls wellness personal care lip balm hand sanitizers first aid Emery Boards tools screwdrivers carpenter tools tape measures Knives keychains plastic metal light up Shop All Auto & Home     Shop by Brand Gildan Slazenger Hanes Carhartt Cutter & Buck Titleist       Featured Item  LED Flashlight Key Chain  as low as $1.54     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Gifts Gifts    Top Gift Ideas Gift Bags Back to School Food & Drinkware  Reunion Favors Calendars & Planners Rush Products Tech Gadgets luxury gifts Wedding Gifts Graduation Gifts Shop All Gifts       Featured Item  Gelato Pen and Flashlight Gift Set  as low as $1.29     Shop Now             Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas        Closeout Closeout    Auto & Home Drinkware Office     Tech Gadgets Writing See All Closeout          Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          See All  



















	    	    
		 
		





Back to School









Fun Supplies 


Everyday Necessities 


Upgraded Basics 




Shop by Category


Pens & Writing


Stationery


Bags


Drinkware


Tech Gadgets


Apparel & Accessories






Top Picks




 






					Deluxe Neon Round Pencil



								As low as 
		$0.16

								each!







 






					The Campus Backpack



								As low as 
		$7.86

								each!







 






					The Star Spiral Notebook



								As low as 
		$1.63

								each!







 






					Clear Solar Calculator



								As low as 
		$2.76

								each!







 






					BIC® 3x3 Die Cut Sticky Notepad-50 Sheet-Octagon



								As low as 
		$0.95

								each!







 






					8" Calculator / Ruler



								As low as 
		$1.49

								each!







 






					Budget Lunch Bag



								As low as 
		$1.49

								each!







 






					6 Piece Crayon Set



								As low as 
		$0.44

								each!

































Cheap Promotional Items - Pens & Budget Promotional Products | National Pen







































  Pens & Writing Pens & Writing    pens plastic retractable metal stick translucent rollerball grip gel ink twist novelty stylus gift sets blue ink light up pens SmoothWrite™ Ink     highlighters markers pencils standard mechanical golf pencils Shop All Pens & Writing     Shop by Family contour pens squiggle pens colorama pens Cirrus Pens DynaGrip Pens Paragon Pens Shop by Brand BIC® Paper Mate Goofy Uni-ball Sharpie       Featured Item  Bering Stylus Pen  as low as $0.64     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Bags Bags    business bags laptop briefcases backpacks drawstring bags tote bags Reusable Shopping Bags paper bags     travel bags luggage accessories coolers & lunch bags duffle bags Canvas Bags plastic bags golf bags Shop All Bags     Shop by Brand High Sierra KOOZIE® elleven Case Logic       Featured Item  Budget Shopper Tote  as low as $0.99     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Drinkware Drinkware    travel mugs stadium cups glassware tumblers Bottle Openers     thermos water bottles ceramic mugs beverage holders KOOZIE® Coasters Shop All Drinkware     Shop by Brand Tritan KOOZIE® Cool Gear       Featured Item  Square Coaster with Bottle Opener  as low as $1.13     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Stationery Stationery & Calendars    stationery sticky notes presentation folders padfolios note pads note pad sets flag sets document holders business card holders     Holiday Cards Calendars wall calendars Stick Up Calendars magnetic calendars planners & diaries desk calendars calendar accessories       Featured Item  Spiral Bound Notebook with Colored Dividers  as low as $1.65     Shop Now           Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Tech & Office Tech & Office    Tech Gadgets USB flash drives stylus Cell Phone Stands Selfie Sticks Audio & Music Earbuds & Headphones Speakers Portable Chargers Power Banks Tech Accessories mouse pads     desk accessories calculators letter opener rulers magnets auto magnets shaped magnets business card magnets Business Card Products Stress Relief Shop All Tech & Office     Shop by Brand BIC® iFidelity myCharge Tangle Zoom       Featured Item  8GB Promotional USB Flash Drive  as low as $3.49     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          Tradeshow Tradeshow    lanyards & badges Banners & Signs candy table covers & throws Tote Bags buttons, pins, ribbons balloons accessories Shop All Tradeshow       Featured Item  11" Crystal Balloon  as low as $0.15     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Auto & Home Auto & Home    home living Clocks & Watches piggy banks picture frames ornaments home accessories Magnets apparel shirts polo shirts outerwear Women's Clothing Men's Clothing headwear sunglasses bracelets kitchenware kitchen products clips auto accessories Ice Scrapers flashlights     outdoor umbrellas blankets sports outdoor accessories golf chairs Beach Balls wellness personal care lip balm hand sanitizers first aid Emery Boards tools screwdrivers carpenter tools tape measures Knives keychains plastic metal light up Shop All Auto & Home     Shop by Brand Gildan Slazenger Hanes Carhartt Cutter & Buck Titleist       Featured Item  LED Flashlight Key Chain  as low as $1.54     Shop Now            Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas         Gifts Gifts    Top Gift Ideas Gift Bags Back to School Food & Drinkware  Reunion Favors Calendars & Planners Rush Products Tech Gadgets luxury gifts Wedding Gifts Graduation Gifts Shop All Gifts       Featured Item  Gelato Pen and Flashlight Gift Set  as low as $1.29     Shop Now             Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas        Closeout Closeout    Auto & Home Drinkware Office     Tech Gadgets Writing See All Closeout          Save on Best              Selling Products        Personalized              Gift Ideas          See All  


















 



xClose

	Free Shipping & Setup for New Customers with coupon code FREE!




  Cheap Promotional Items - Pens & Budget Promotional Products        Shop all Budget Friendly Products                  Shop all Budget Friendly Products         100 for $99 + 50 free   SHOP NOW       contour pens          50 for $64.50   SHOP NOW       Paragon Pens            50 for $49.50   SHOP NOW       Cabaret Stylus Pens          150 for $73.50   SHOP NOW       Executive Cirrus Pens            100 for $59.00   SHOP NOW       DynaGrip Silver Pen          100 for $69.00   SHOP NOW       Crystal Pen            100 for $69.00   SHOP NOW       Cayes Gel Pen          100 for $65.00   SHOP NOW       Opal Pen            200 for $62.00 + 100 free   SHOP NOW       Superball Pens          50 for $69.50   SHOP NOW       Paragon Pens & Stylus Tips            100 for $68.00   SHOP NOW       Metro Gel Pens          100 for $69.00   SHOP NOW       TRANSLUCENT SQUIGGLE PENS              Budget promotional products from National Pen are designed to attract the right kind of attention to your business - all at prices that will comfortably fit any budget. Our cheap promotional items include a variety of customizable gifts - including many of our best-selling pens and cheap promotional pen sets. Best of all, we eliminate the guesswork and create pre-selected promotional packages that will help you to spotlight your business or organization, all while keeping more of your marketing budget intact. By offering special, budget promotional pricing on many of our most effective promotional pens, we can simplify the process of ordering custom pens to help you to target more key players in your industry. Our legendary Contour pen is included in our offerings of cheap promotional items. The Contour promotional pen delivers tremendous value with a jumbo-sized barrel, handy pocket clip, smooth-writing ink cartridge, soft rubber gripping surface, and generously-sized imprint field that can hold several lines of personalized text. Shop now and receive factory-direct pricing on these cheap promotional pens. If your tastes run a bit more contemporary, you and your clients will love our Paragon pen, which delivers sleek lines, subtle chrome accents, a polished pocket clip, gleaming low-profile barrel, and plenty of space for your customized message. Looking for combination budget promotional products? Consider the Paragon pen with stylus tip. This handy pen features all of the executive style of our standard Paragon pen but also includes a handy stylus tip that makes interfacing with any touchscreen a simple - and smudge-free, action. Or, our cheap promotional Superball pens will make you feel like you've won the lottery, as significant quantities can be had for pennies on the dollar. Again, these pens, and virtually all of the other pens within our extensive catalog of cheap promotional items, are customizable with your choice of text or graphics. When you are ready to place an order for a batch of budget-friendly products, simply contact us directly or click on the blue customize button on each individual product page. Within minutes you'll create a personalized order at an incredibly low upfront cost. Upon receiving your completed order request, we will get to work immediately and prepare your custom order for shipping in a matter of days. We invite you to customize your order with your choice of imprint - so get creative and include your business contact information, marketing or advertising message, your logo or graphics, or anything else that you feel will add value to your presentation. We will then employ sophisticated engraving or imprinting techniques to bring your creation to life! As always, you'll shop with total confidence at National Pen. We bring decades of experience and leadership to the table, and we offer a 100% quality guarantee, low factory-direct pricing, and an expansive catalog of budget promotional products. Contact us today to get started and we'll help you to assemble a customized order of cheap promotional items that will create added awareness for your brand. We look forward to working with you - after all, your image is our business!     

 







