


Get in Touch | axialHealthcare










































































615-345-3555 



















Contact Us
axialHealthcare will provide any organization at risk for pain outcomes with a no-charge opportunity assessment. Please reach out today to discover a better answer for pain care.








Want to Know More?
Please complete the form below to contact the axialHealthcare team.




First Name



Last Name





Email





Subject





Message











Submit






                      Our Office                    
axialHealthcare
209 10th Avenue South, Suite 332
Nashville, TN 37203
615-345-3555
info@axialhealthcare.com »























axialPractice | axialHealthcare










































































615-345-3555 





















										Practice									
Improve outcomes through improved care







Are your practitioners equipped with the insight to provide better care?
axialPractice provides practitioners with insight into their opioid patient panel and peer benchmarking. We supplement that information with educational resources and directives that enable doctors to provide the highest quality care to patients in pain.






How it works
Solutions fueled by analytics
axialPractice is a suite of tools that stratifies practitioners and patients according to risk, enabling practitioners to become educated on opioid best practices and perform their highest quality of care and prescribing.

With insight that has never before been comprehensively available, axialPractice illuminates patients’ claims experience and opioid risk factors so that practitioners are better able to create a tailored care plan that ensures better outcomes and safety for the patient.
The axialPractice toolset highlights areas which need improvement, identifies variations of practice within a network, and then educates practitioners on opioid prescribing best practices through a series of practitioner-focused resources. These tools will help reduce risk to patients and provide better outcomes through informed care.












Quality Care
Variations in practice are driving poor care
Many pain clinics do not practice evidence-based standards and therefore exhibit enormous practice variation. We developed a methodology for axialPractice, which uses 16 quality metrics that are based on the most current scientific literature and endorsed by axialHealthcare’s Scientific Advisory Board. Through axialPractice, we were able to discover the following:

Of the 100 certified pain clinics in this network, 25 are demonstrating desirable high-quality/low-cost results.
Even more pronounced than the quadrant comparison, the average cost differential between these 25 clinics and the 25 low-quality/ high-cost clinics is $7,700 per patient per year.
96% of pain patients are referred to clinics not demonstrating the desired high-quality/ low-cost results.










RIM PRACTITIONER



Creating a roadmap to identify and mitigate risks
RIM (Risk Identification and Mitigation) Practitioner reports provide monthly prescribing patterns which highlight the following for your practitioners:

How do I compare to my peers?
Am I improving?
In which areas can I improve?

The RIM Practitioner report (right) is also able to identify the following: opioid risk assessment, categories of risk, risk severity among members of the health plan, and corresponding spend increases.
We then create action points accordingly, providing practitioners with steps to reduce risk severity and prevent escalating risk.














Risk Severity
is driving higher pain spend
In order to support care coordination, RIM Practitioner report identified the following:

Developed opioid risk assessment with 7 categories of risk
Stratified members by risk severity
Identified spend increases with increasing risk severity













										Network									
Identify the best providers and refer better care.


axialNETWORK
























Our Blog | axialHealthcare









































































615-345-3555 


















Our Blog
Browse the latest news and thought leadership from axialHealthcare.






All Categories Analytics

Big Pharma

Health Insurers

Marketing

News

Patients

Practitioners

Reports

Studies

Uncategorized










 



  								Amerigroup Partners with axialHealthcare to Fight Opioid Abuse in Tennessee and Improve Pain Care for Members                
Health Insurers, News									 | 
									June 16, 2017								
NASHVILLE, Tenn.–Amerigroup Tennessee, a statewide provider of Medicare and Medicaid managed care services, has joined forces with axialHealthcare, a national leader in pain management and pain medication solutions, to help curb the opioid epidemic in Tennessee. Together, Amerigroup and axialHealthcare will help drive opioid prescribing best practices and mitigate opioid misuse by arming Amerigroup providers…
Read More ›










 



  								Patrick J. Kennedy joins Board of Directors                
News									 | 
									June 15, 2017								
Patrick J. Kennedy joins Nashville-based axialHealthcare’s Board of Directors The former U.S. Congressman brings expertise in mental illness and addiction to company’s pain care offerings Nashville, TN (June 15, 2017) —axialHealthcare, Inc., the nation’s leading pain medication and pain care solutions company, announced today that former U.S. Representative Patrick J. Kennedy (D-RI) is joining the…
Read More ›










 



  								Misconceptions around Medication Assisted Treatment: a Pharmacist’s View                
News, Patients, Reports									 | 
									May 24, 2017								
Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price’s recent comments regarding medication-assisted treatment (MAT) for the treatment of opioid use disorder (OUD) have received significant backlash from the healthcare community, prompting hundreds of healthcare and research professionals to sign a letter urging him to reconsider his statements. Price asserted that MAT involves substituting one addiction for…
Read More ›










 



  								April 29th is National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day                
News, Patients									 | 
									April 28, 2017								
This coming Saturday, April 29th, is National Prescription Drug Take-Back Day, part of the DEA’s National Take-Back Initiative. Take-Back Day is the easiest and safest way to dispose of unused medications. It’s free, anonymous, and available to anyone with access to a drop off location. Take-Back Day collection sites accept prescriptions, over-the-counter medications, pet medications,…
Read More ›










 



  								Naloxone: Awareness, Access, and Stigma                
News, Patients, Studies									 | 
									April 10, 2017								
Naloxone, also known as Narcan or Evzio, is a drug that temporarily reverses respiratory depression from opioid overdose.  State laws vary, but naloxone is often available without a prescription from a pharmacist and comes as an injectable or nasal spray.  First-responders, including paramedics, police officers, and firefighters, carry naloxone, but the law enforcement and behavioral…
Read More ›










 



  								Let’s Trump Addiction: a Push for Treatment and Support                
Marketing, News, Patients, Reports									 | 
									February 28, 2017								
Today, a non-partisan group called Advocates for Opioid Recovery (AOR) is launching an aggressive social media campaign around the hashtag #LetsTrumpAddiction. The effort intends to draw President Trump’s attention to the urgent national need for an evidence-based treatment system for opioid addiction. According to the Centers for Disease Control, the opioid epidemic takes 91 American…
Read More ›








1
2
3
…
7
Next »























Page not found - Axial Healthcare



































































615-345-3555 




















										404 - Page Not Found
									

                    The page you are looking for could not be found. Please, feel free to learn more About Us, explore Our Solution, or dive in to Our Approach.
                  
























A Better Answer for Pain Care | axialHealthcare










































































615-345-3555 




















About Us
axialHealthcare began when a group of physicians, scientists, technologists, analysts and entrepreneurs banded together and passionately committed themselves to improving the health of patients in pain.

As chronic pain has become more prevalent, with over 100 million Americans experiencing an episode of pain each year, healthcare costs have far exceeded their previous levels and opioid use has escalated into an epidemic.
axialHealthcare has pioneered an evidence-driven, predictive pain management solution that empowers insurers and equips care professionals with the ability to curb the overuse of opioids, align expenses, ensure safety, and attain optimal pain patient outcomes.

















Our Mission
To improve the well-being of patients in pain, while creating value for our partners.
A serious episode of acute or chronic pain too often leaves patients suffering with their underlying symptoms while feeling a sense of abandonment, confusion and frustration with their Insurers pain care delivery network. Similarly, well intentioned physicians and care givers are most frequently unable to readily discern opioid patient risk factors, apply personalized evidence supported care, and to safely administer opioid prescription regimens. axialHealthcare is committed to resolving these enormous problems and to continuously create value for all involved.










Our Values
At axialHealthcare, we are deeply committed to five core values.



Integrity
Fairly, honestly and transparently conducting all aspects of our activity.


Alliance Building
Allying with like-minded partners to collaborate around our patients.


Innovation
Continuously evaluating, testing, proving and deploying new pain care value drivers.


Compassion
Enveloping pain patients with caring listening and support, when they need us most.


Performance
Establishing clear expectations, being fully accountable to our partners and delivering the results.












Leadership
axialHealthcare is comprised of a band of experienced clinicians, operators, innovators and health care pioneers who are passionate about pain care.








Shana Krumwiede
Chief People Officer





























Dr. Sam Asgarian
Chief Development and Strategy Officer





























Brad Rouse
Chief Financial Officer




























Kevin Kirkpatrick
President and Founder




























Joseph M. Degati
Chief Information Officer




























Dr. Elizabeth Ann Stringer
Chief Science Officer




























John J. Donahue
Chairman and CEO

























Want to join our team?

View Open Positions











Partners
We are delighted to partner with companies that share our commitment to innovating exceptional solutions in episodic pain care. 


























There is a solution. 
Discover the long-awaited answer to the opioid epidemic.


Our Solution
























Get in Touch | axialHealthcare










































































615-345-3555 



















Contact Us
axialHealthcare will provide any organization at risk for pain outcomes with a no-charge opportunity assessment. Please reach out today to discover a better answer for pain care.








Want to Know More?
Please complete the form below to contact the axialHealthcare team.




First Name



Last Name





Email





Subject





Message











Submit






                      Our Office                    
axialHealthcare
209 10th Avenue South, Suite 332
Nashville, TN 37203
615-345-3555
info@axialhealthcare.com »






















Axial Healthcare Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
























axial healthcare inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Technology
Industry: Software
Sub-Industry: Application Software
Axial Healthcare, Inc. develops cloud-based point of care decision support tools. The Company provides tools to improve the quality of patient care and reduce the cost of providing it. Axial Healthcare serves customers in the State of Tennessee.




Corporate Information
Address:

41 Peabody Street
Nashville, TN 37210
United States


Phone:
1-615-499-2141


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.axialhealthcare.com





Board Members




Chairman/CEO
Company


John Donahue
Axial Healthcare Inc








Board Members
Company


Liam Donohue
.406 Ventures Management LLC


Joseph Kennedy
United States House of Representatives


Anna Haghgooie
Sandbox Industries Inc


























From The Web











Key Executives


John Donahue


Chairman/CEO







Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Healthcare on Axial - Axial

































































Menu











Industry
Healthcare



Healthcare on Axial
The healthcare industry is alive and well. With technology advancements enabling new drug discoveries and legislation expanding health coverage to millions of Americans, opportunities in the sector abound. Over the past few years the healthcare industry has seen significant consolidation, evolving payer and provider dynamics, and rising interest in the application of tech-enabled products and specialized practices such as neonatologists and oncologists.
Join Now


Healthcare on Axial

            There are currently:
          

 healthcare deals


 total capital providers
 equity providers
 debt providers
 buyers










Recent closed deals

        Subset of our closed deals across the healthcare sector








































See More Closed Deals





Build your knowledge

Relevant content & news of the current healthcare landscape
      






7 Ways TrumpCare Will Change the Healthcare Industry in 2017

                  By Tom Schramski |
                  January 11, 2017                




Healthcare articles and information from Forum:

6 Considerations for Healthcare CEOs Before a Deal
7 Issues Healthcare CEOs Should Consider Before Engaging in M&A
New Opportunities in Hearing Aid Manufacturing








Build relationships in healthcare today

Connect with healthcare experts on Axial who can help you grow your business
          





Quadriga Advisors
Denver, CO





Kinsella Group
Chicago, IL





Vallexa
Las Vegas, NV





Edgemont Capital Partners
New York, NY



Join the network













Axial Healthcare, Inc.: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 26, 2017 8:18 AM ET
Health Care Technology

Company Overview of Axial Healthcare, Inc.



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Axial Healthcare, Inc. provides pain medication and pain care management solutions for health insurers and care professionals. It offers axialInsight, an analytics engine that enables users to find correlation, causation, and predictive analytics; axialPractice that provide practitioners with insight into their opioid patient panel and peer benchmarking; and axialNetwork that organizes the top performing pain practitioners within a health plan. The company also provides axialPatient that collects self-reported and biometric sensor data; tracks triggers of chronic episodes; and empowers the patient in reducing their pain, and managing symptoms and side effects. Axial Healthcare, Inc. was inco...
Axial Healthcare, Inc. provides pain medication and pain care management solutions for health insurers and care professionals. It offers axialInsight, an analytics engine that enables users to find correlation, causation, and predictive analytics; axialPractice that provide practitioners with insight into their opioid patient panel and peer benchmarking; and axialNetwork that organizes the top performing pain practitioners within a health plan. The company also provides axialPatient that collects self-reported and biometric sensor data; tracks triggers of chronic episodes; and empowers the patient in reducing their pain, and managing symptoms and side effects. Axial Healthcare, Inc. was incorporated in 2012 and is based in Nashville, Tennessee.
Detailed Description


209 10th Avenue SouthSuite 332Nashville, TN 37203United StatesFounded in 2012



Phone: 615-345-3555

axialhealthcare.com







Key Executives for Axial Healthcare, Inc.




Mr. John J. Donahue


      	Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
      








Mr. Kevin Kirkpatrick


      	Founder and President
      








Dr. Paul McCurry


      	Founder and Chief Medical Officer
      








Ms. Margot Allen


      	Vice President of Operations & Account Management
      








Dr. Carey Vinson


      	Chief Clinical & Network Officer
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 

Axial Healthcare, Inc. Key Developments

axial Healthcare, Inc. Appoints Patrick J. Kennedy as Director
Jun 15 17
axialHealthcare, Inc. announced that former U.S. Representative Patrick J. Kennedy is joining the Board of Directors to help inform and expand the company’s substance use disorder capabilities. Patrick Kennedy’s personal story and professional career make him a perfect addition to axialHealthcare’s Board of Directors. Kennedy has lived experience with addiction to opioid medication following back surgery and has a long history of advocating for access to mental health care, specifically in the area of addiction treatment. He devoted much of his 16-year career in Congress to ending the stigma associated with mental illness through his work, including authoring the Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act of 2008.


Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 [m]pirik LLC United States 1747, Inc. United States 1EQ, Inc. United States 1healthy.world, inc. United States 20over8, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target





Private Placement

			      October 11, 2016
			    
--





Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Axial Healthcare, Inc., please visit axialhealthcare.com.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close































Axial Healthcare, Inc. - Relationship Science



























































                      NEWS HOME
                    

Advertising
Board and Executive Moves
Energy
Health Care
Hedge Funds
M & A
Private Equity
Technology








            You have  
            
9 free profiles

              left this month   
			      

                Start Your Free Trial ➤
              








            Hey, we noticed you're a RelSci Pro subscriber! Would you like to view the page there?
            

                View on RelSci Pro ➤
              




























































































































Email







LinkedIn







Facebook







Google+







Tweet







Reddit





Permalink





Axial Healthcare, Inc.



Overview
In The News Executives & Employees Board of Directors Paths
Recent Transactions Investors



Axial Healthcare, Inc.



 OVERVIEW



Date Founded


2012




Headquarters


209 10th Avenue South, Suite 332, Nashville, TN 37203




Industries


Hospitals & Patient Services 

Holding Companies




Company Description


Axial Healthcare, Inc. provides pain management solution solutions. Its solutions include axialInsight, axialPractice, axialNetwork and axialPatient. The axialInsight is an analytics engine that enables users to find correlation, causation and predictive analytics. The axialPractice provides practitioners with insight into their opioid patient panel and peer benchmarking. The axialNetwork organizes the top performing pain practitioners within a health plan. The axialPatient gives patients a voice in their pain care through a pain management app. The company was founded by Kevin Kirkpatrick and Paul McCurry in 2012 and is headquartered in Nashville, TN.




Website


http://www.axialhealthcare.com






 In The News
          See more




Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
July 25, 2017





                        DECREASING THE DOSAGE OF OPIOID SCRIPTS                     





ENP Newswire
May 24, 2017





                        Case IH showcases its track technology at Nampo 2017 in South Africa                     





peHUB
July 20, 2015





                        Axial Healthcare grabs $8 mln                     






 Executives & Employees



Paul McCurry

Co-Founder




Kevin Kirkpatrick

Co-Founder





John J. Donahue

Chairman & Chief Executive Officer




Jason Goldstein

Director, Medical Economics





Elizabeth Ann Stringer

National Director of Science




Carey T. Vinson

Chief Clinical & Network Officer





Joseph M. Degati

Chief Information Officer




Shannon Shockley Eubanks

Chief Pharmacy Officer





Margot Allen

Vice President-Operations & Account Management







                          Board of Directors                        



John J. Donahue

Chairman & Chief Executive Officer at Axial Healthcare, Inc.




Liam S. Donohue

Founder at Business Intelligence Advisors, Inc.





Patrick J. Kennedy

Under Secretary for Management at United States Department of State




Anna Haghgooie

Managing Director Healthcare at Sandbox Investment Management LLC





Kevin Kirkpatrick

Co-Founder at Axial Healthcare, Inc.




Matthew Feczko

Director of Corporate Development at Highmark, Inc.





Nancy G. Brown

Venture Partner, Healthcare at Oak HC/FT Partners LP







See our list of current and previous board members when you upgrade.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Paths to Axial Healthcare, Inc.



                        Axial Healthcare, Inc.                    




 You



 Connections via Relationship Science



 Axial Healthcare, Inc.






Sync your contacts to see how you can connect with Axial Healthcare, Inc..

Start My Free Trial ➤








See  More 


 


 Recent Transactions



 Details Hidden



                                    Axial Healthcare, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    Axial Healthcare, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    




 Details Hidden



                                    Axial Healthcare, Inc. raised money in a private placement transaction                                                                    





 Investors



 Details Hidden


Sandbox Investment Management LLC

                                    Sandbox Investment Management manages the Sandbox Venture Fund and Sandbox Advantage Fund. Sandbox Venture Fund is a seed and early stage fund that invests in companies at the idea or early concept phase. The Fund was created primarily to invest in companies incubated by Sandbox but ideas from independent entrepreneurs are also considered.Sandbox Advantage Fund co-invests alongside the BlueCross BlueShield Venture Partners II Fund and the Cultivian Sandbox Food & Agriculture Fund II.Sandbox also manages the BlueCross BlueShield Venture Partners (BCBSVP), a corporate venture fund program to which twenty-nine BCBS entities have committed over $500 million across three Funds. BlueCross BlueShield Venture Partners is sponsored by the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association.Bluecross Blueshield Venture Funds invest in healthcare industry. The Funds are stage-agnostic and typical investments range from $1 million to $20 million.                                




 Details Hidden


Oak HC/FT Management Co. LLC

                                    Oak HC/FT specializes in growth equity investments. It seeks to invest in healthcare information and services and financial technology sectors. Within financial technology it invests in next-generation payments, data-driven solutions, and services. It also targets technology-enabled solutions, data and analytics, and alternative delivery models in both sectors. The firm prefers taking either minority or majority positions                                




 Details Hidden


Oak HC/FT Partners LP

                                    Oak HC/FT is a premier venture growth equity fund investing in Healthcare Information & Services (“HC”) and Financial Services Technology (“FT”).                                




 Details Hidden


.406 Ventures

                                    .406 Ventures focuses on investments in start-up and early-stage companies in the areas like cybersecurity, healthcare IT services, data/analytics and cloud infrastructure. Their initial investments are typically between $2 and $5 million with substantial additional capital reserved for follow-on investment.                                




 Details Hidden


Kevin Kirkpatrick

                                    Co-Founder at Axial Healthcare, Inc.                                






See 2 more listings with RelSci Professional.

Start My Free Trial ➤








See 2 More 







You've reached your 10 free profiles limit this month.
Upgrade to RelSci Pro today to enjoy unlimited article views and much more!

Start My Free Trial  ➤

Still not convinced? Check out our full listing of features here.















Are you a RelSci Pro Subscriber?

Login to RelSci Pro 
                        ➤


Not a Pro Subscriber? Log in here to manage your alerts









 Keep me signed in.
        

Login  ➤



        Forgot your Password?
    

























 I have read the LexisNexis terms & conditions




Sign Me Up  ➤




















Axial Healthcare grabs $8 mln - PE Hub























































SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE
Join over 60,000 of your peers
Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily
        — for free!







US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions




SUBSCRIBE YES! No






RegisterSign in



A Community for Professionals in Private Capital



































Axial Healthcare grabs $8 mln


July 20, 2015
By Iris Dorbian



Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Axial Healthcare grabs $8 mln
Nashville-based pain care solutions provider Axial Healthcare Inc has secured $8 million in Series A funding. The lead investor was .406 Ventures. Return backers BlueCross BlueShield Venture Partners and Sandbox Industries also participated in the round.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 



















Nashville-based pain care solutions provider Axial Healthcare Inc has secured $8 million in Series A funding. The lead investor was .406 Ventures. Return backers BlueCross BlueShield Venture Partners and Sandbox Industries also participated in the round.
PRESS RELEASE
Nashville, TN – July 20, 2015 – Axial Healthcare, Inc., the country’s leading pain care solutions company, announced today that it has closed an $8 million Series A round of financing. The new funding will enable the company to accelerate the deployment of its unparalleled suite of pain management capabilities to not only drive value for current client partners but also serve future partners nationwide. .406 Ventures led the round and Liam Donohue, .406 Venture’s Co-Founder and Managing Partner, has joined Axial’s Board of Directors. Previous investors, including BlueCross BlueShield Venture Partners and Sandbox Industries, also participated in the funding.
“We were very encouraged by the investor community response to our offering and are delighted to partner with Liam and the .406 Ventures team,” said John J. Donahue, Chairman and CEO of Axial Healthcare, Inc. “They have a proven track record for stellar healthcare services and HCIT investment success. Plus, their reputation for leadership, integrity and innovation is unmatched in the space.”
Axial has been in development since 2013 and began deploying its pain care offering with industry-leading client partners earlier this year. Axial’s products drive improved pain outcomes, reduce opioid misuse, enhance practitioner pain care treatment, increase consumer satisfaction and lower healthcare costs. Axial’s fully coordinated pain care solution includes four inter-operable components: axialAnalytics (patient and practitioner advanced analytics); axialPractitioner (pain care pathways, performance metrics and point of care MD support); axialNetwork (pain clinic Center of Pain Excellence and COPE network contracting) and axialConsumer (targeted consumer support for high-risk pain patients). 





“.406 Ventures has been closely evaluating the $300 billion pain care market for sometime and recognized that Axial’s analytically fueled, clinically proven and technology-enabled capabilities are what is required to unlock improved patient care and drive economic value,” stated Liam Donohue. “We are looking forward to partnering with Axial’s world-class leadership team and their existing investors, as the company is well positioned to drive best-in-class results, achieve national scale and are clearly poised for enormous growth.”
About .406 Ventures
.406 Ventures is an early stage technology venture capital firm investing in enterprise IT companies founded by visionary entrepreneurs. .406 Ventures was founded in 2005 and has over $600M under management. The .406 Ventures team is comprised of entrepreneurs and operators who became investors to apply real-world experience and strong company-building skills to create value for entrepreneurs and LPs. The firm leads, or co-leads, first institutional investment rounds in market-changing Enterprise IT companies and world-class operators, who move quickly and embody successful entrepreneurial DNA with their passion, creativity and endurance. http://www.406ventures.com
About BlueCross BlueShield Venture Partners, L.P.
BlueCross BlueShield Venture Partners, L.P. is a corporate venture fund licensed by the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association, an association of independent Blue Cross and Blue Shield companies. The fund invests in promising, emerging companies of strategic relevance to Blue Cross and Blue Shield Plans. For more information, please visit www.bcbsvp.com. 





About Sandbox Industries
Sandbox Industries is a Chicago-based venture capital firm focused on bridging the gap between large, successful corporations and innovative emerging companies. Sandbox, founded in 2003, exclusively manages the BlueCross BlueShield Venture Fund. For more information, please visit www.sandboxindustries.com.
About Axial Healthcare, Inc.
Axial is a pain care solutions company headquartered in Nashville and currently working with health insurers, ACOs and employers nationwide. Axial’s pain management solutions engage physicians, pain clinics and patients with coordinated care by applying big-data-driven, advanced analytical insight, unmatched proven clinical evidence and highly effective consumer support. This comprehensive pain care solution materially improves clinical outcomes, enhances patient and physician satisfaction while driving a significant and readily measurable ROI. For more information, please visit www.axialhealthcare.com.

Print
Email





Share via email


Separate multiple email addresses with commas

Share
Send me a copy



Email preview

To: 
From: 
Subject: Look at this story on PE HUB
Axial Healthcare grabs $8 mln
Nashville-based pain care solutions provider Axial Healthcare Inc has secured $8 million in Series A funding. The lead investor was .406 Ventures. Return backers BlueCross BlueShield Venture Partners and Sandbox Industries also participated in the round.
Continue reading on PE HUB
 writes: 














Find new deal opportunities, super-charge your fundraising efforts and track top managers with VCJ. Get your FREE trial! Or subscribe now!  









Sign up to our Newsletter

Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters:


First Name:



Last Name:



Email Address:




US Edition (daily)



Canada Edition (weekly)


We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties.


I accept the Terms and Conditions









You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. 




Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. 
By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. 
WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER.

			    Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected].
	    	

 




Top Posts New oil and gas company Native racks up $140 mln
by Iris Dorbian

Bain Capital Double Impact funds two companies
by Iris Dorbian

MidOcean to sell Water Pik for $1 bln
by Luisa Beltran

KKR to buy Nature’s Bounty from Carlyle
by Luisa Beltran

Carlyle to invest in ZeroChaos
by Luisa Beltran

BlackRock leads funding round for fintech platform iCapital
by Iris Dorbian

Awake Security nabs over $30 mln from Greylock and Bain Capital Ventures
by Iris Dorbian

The PE HUB Podcast, Episode Two
by Staff Report

 


































Axial Careers - Axial

































































Menu












About Axial
Help transform the way people run, buy, and sell companies



				View Open Positions			






















					BUILD RELATIONSHIPS					


					"Investing is all about relationships. Seeing connections being forged at Axial events is what gives me the greatest pleasure at my job."				


						Kristen					

						Senior Marketing Manager					



 









					WHY AXIAL? WHY NOW?					


					"Axial is the network where private companies access capital and advice."				


						Peter Lehrman					

						CEO, Axial					



 









					YOUR IDEAL EXPERIENCE					


					"Axial is different from other companies because we invest in you. Axial is an environment that allows you flexibility to build your own career path."				


						Michael					

						Marketing Engineer					



 









What We Do


Openings


Axialites


Our Office


Benefits


Mission, Vision + Values


Axial Alums











          What We Do    		

          We want to transform how the world's companies connect, access capital, and succeed.        













          Openings        

          Axialites pursue extraordinary. Every team has an important role in making Axial what it is today. See what you could be up to and check out our Glassdoor: 






Engineering

                The Axial Corps of Engineers builds software that empowers entrepreneurs worldwide to connect with the capital and specialized advice they need to grow, finance or sell their business.

                  View Jobs                









Engineering




Engineering

                  The Axial Corps of Engineers builds software that empowers entrepreneurs worldwide to connect with the capital and specialized advice they need to grow, finance or sell their business.

                    View Jobs                  








People Operations

                On People Operations, you will constantly work hard at finding and cultivating incredible talent while protecting Axial’s special culture. 

                  View Jobs                









People Operations




People Operations

                  On People Operations, you will constantly work hard at finding and cultivating incredible talent while protecting Axial’s special culture. 

                    View Jobs                  








Product & Data

                You’ll be responsible for conceptualizing, shaping, and launching products that make our Members successful. Your decisions will help us determine where we go in the next few years.

                  View Jobs                









Product & Data




Product & Data

                  You’ll be responsible for conceptualizing, shaping, and launching products that make our Members successful. Your decisions will help us determine where we go in the next few years.

                    View Jobs                  








Marketing

                You'll help build a respected, growing brand that attracts new, prospective Members while developing strategies that change the way the industry views Axial.

                  View Jobs                









Marketing




Marketing

                  You'll help build a respected, growing brand that attracts new, prospective Members while developing strategies that change the way the industry views Axial.

                    View Jobs                  








Sales & Customer Success

                Work with investment bankers, private equity teams, advisors, and private company leaders to help them build new relationships, engage in productive transactions, and close deals on Axial.

                  View Jobs                









Sales & Customer Success




Sales & Customer Success

                  Work with investment bankers, private equity teams, advisors, and private company leaders to help them build new relationships, engage in productive transactions, and close deals on Axial.

                    View Jobs                  








Finance

                You’ll be keeping track of our finances in order to help us make critical decisions about where the company is headed. You are always wondering where our money is, who is spending it, and who is paying us.

                  View Jobs                









Finance




Finance

                  You’ll be keeping track of our finances in order to help us make critical decisions about where the company is headed. You are always wondering where our money is, who is spending it, and who is paying us.

                    View Jobs                  







JOIN OUR TEAM







            Axialites      		

            We are a diverse group of individuals who come from all walks of life.          






Global

We hail from, or have lived for 6+ months: Brazil, Russia, Scotland, Taiwan, Australia, Serbia, Israel, China, Iran, Spain, Italy, Japan, India, France, Uzbekistan, Korea, Germany, Canada, Malaysia, Yugoslavia, El Salvador, Denmark, Indonesia, Sweden, France, Singapore, England, and Switzerland.






Sports

We played these sports at
the college level: Lacrosse, Football, Hockey, Rugby, Basketball, Tennis, Soccer, Boxing, Track and Field, and Ultimate Frisbee.






Languages

You can hear/see these languages at HQ: Portuguese, Vietnamese, French, Russian, Spanish, Farsi, Mandarin, Korean, Hebrew, Swedish, Greek, Haitian Creole, French, Hindi, Japanese, Python, and Javascript.












            Our Office      		

Axial HQ occupies one full floor, with great views, located in the Flatiron district. We operate with an open floor plan which empowers collaboration and keeps us constantly connected.
Check out our Tumblr.





































































          Benefits        


            Once you join, there are lots of great Axialite Advantages at your fingertips.          


 

You are an Owner
Every Axialite receives options.




Access to Energy
Healthy snacks, Stumptown coffee, Wed catered lunches.


  

Gym Membership
We are members of the NYHRC for a crazy discount.




Health Insurance
Health, Dental & Vision with Axial paying most of your premium.


  

Continuing Education
We provide in house educational sessions and a yearly stipend to spend on classes.




“Lyceum” Series
Monthly Engineering speakers and quarterly Sales speakers.


  

Bike-Friendly
Ride in and park on our floor, no chains needed!




Vacation and Holidays
No policy here - Take at least 3 weeks!


  

And more!
Seasonal Parties, Volunteering Opportunities, Workout Classes...














Mission


To create opportunity for those that run, buy, sell, and advise private companies.








Vision


Build the online capital market for private companies.








Values


Build the network
Don’t wing it
Accountable for impact
Clean the cups
Invent the future













            Axialites Launching Their Own Companies      		

Axial team members often join the entrepreneurial economy themselves – to
run their own companies. Read more about our Xialites here.






John Shoaf
Managing Partner
Timpanogos Capital



Jordan Gutman
Cofounder & President
Public House Wine



Ryan Ghods
Founder
Fabric



Andrew Fayad
CEO & Managing Partner
eLearning Mind













