    Samuel Azout | Abacus Real Estate | ZoomInfo.com


















































 


 
































Azout Papu Samuel Roger, SAN FRANCISCO PUNTA PACIFICA, CL COLON FINAL ENTRE LOS EDIFICIOS BELLAGIO Y VENE, COLON, Panama | Buyer Report — Panjiva





 












Panjiva

MENU 





Panjiva


Solutions

Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts



Products

Platform
Enterprise
API



Our Data

United States Trade Data
Mexico Trade Data
Brazil Trade Data
Central & South America Data
China Trade Data
Trendspotting
Panjiva Research


Pricing
Search

English


Español 

中文 








Demo Request a Demo 

+1-646-205-0594


Sign in 











Azout Papu Samuel Roger
Company profile made by Panjiva 
 Company profile  Buyer company  Panama






        See Azout Papu Samuel Roger's products and suppliers
      
Thousands of companies like you use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors.


Request a Demo

        1 min video
      






Easy access to trade data



Cleaned and organized South American shipments
1 South American shipment available for Azout Papu Samuel Roger




Date
Data Source
Supplier
Details


2017-02-06
See all 1 south american shipment for Azout Papu Samuel Roger with Panjiva's South America data add-on.Request a DemoorSign Up 


Shipment data shows what products a company is trading and more. Learn more



Quickly analyze trade relationships




Network view map
Explore trading relationships hidden in US import data.
See all 1 supplier of Azout Papu Samuel Roger
 Learn more about network view 




Top suppliers


Azout Papu Samuel Roger 






1 supplier available
        







Contact information for Azout Papu Samuel Roger


 

Address
SAN FRANCISCO PUNTA PACIFICA, CL COLON FINAL ENTRE LOS EDIFICIOS BELLAGIO Y VENE, COLON, Panama

 


 




           


    


Sample Bill of Lading
1 shipment record available



Export Declaration Number
6007606931681


Export Declaration Date
2017-02-06


Shipment Date
2017-01-01


Consignee
Azout Papu Samuel Roger


Consignee (Original Format)
AZOUT PAPU SAMUEL ROGER
SAN FRANCISCO PUNTA PACIFICA, CL COLON FINAL ENTRE LOS EDIFICIOS BELLAGIO Y VENE


Shipper
Azout Papu Samuel Roger


Shipper (Original Format)
AZOUT PAPU SAMUEL ROGER
V 7   18 N   11  ZONA INDUSTRIAL


Shipper Class
2


Shipper Identification
8691807


Shipper Identification Type
1


Shipper User Code Type
36


Carrier Nationality
741


Declarer
AGENCIA DE ADUANAS A.R. EXIMPORT Y COMPAÑIA LTDA NIVEL 2


Shipment Origin
CTG


Shipment Destination
COLON


Port of Lading
Cartagena (CO)


Transport Method
Maritime


Customs Regime Code
1


Customs Administration Code
48


Customs Code
48


HS Code
9805000000


Item Quantity
240.0


Item Unit
U


Gross Weight (kg)
9700.0


Net Weight (kg)
5900.0


Value of Goods, FOB (USD)
$22,465


Value of Goods, FOB (COP)
64154119.1


Commerce Department Office Code
99


Data Code
D


Declaration Type
1


Department Code
54001


Export Modality Code
4


Has Special Systems
2


Is Transshipment
N


Negotiation Currency Code
USD


Number Declared Items
1


Origin Certificate Type
8


Origin Department Position
8


Origin Office
8


Payment Method
1


Record Date
2017-02-01


Shipment Authorization Number
6027610366592


Shipment Code
U










Thousands of companies use Panjiva to research suppliers and competitors

Request a Demo











Solutions
Buyers
Suppliers
Logistics
Governments
Analysts




Products
Platform
Enterprise
API




Data
United States
Mexico
Brazil
Central & South America
China
Panjiva Research
Partners




Company
Leadership Team
Board of Directors
Blog
Press
Contact
Jobs



                20 West 22nd Street, Suite 706New York, NY, 10010 / USA                ‌
Request a demo











English


Español 

中文 






Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap





© 2017 Panjiva, Inc.







Cart (0) 
Continue Browsing
 







 








AZOUT SAMUEL R Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      AZOUT SAMUEL R
                    

•   BARRANQUILLA, F8
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Azout Samuel R is based out of Barranquilla.   
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from AZOUT SAMUEL R, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




azout samuel r


AVENIDA CIRCUNVALAR A 100 MTS DE LA VIA

BARRANQUILLA
F8
                                                        
                                                    XXXXX









Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 01/04/2017
4 filed on 10/04/2016
3 filed on 03/18/2014
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















SAMUEL R AZOUT-PAPU - TECNOGLASS S.A., INC - Business Profiles




















Business Profile

Document Delivery
API
About





 

 

 Companies
 Officers

 








Home  /  
Texas
  /  
TECNOGLASS S.A., INC
  /  
SAMUEL R AZOUT-PAPU





Account  


Login


Sign Up






Saved

0




Cart

0













SAMUEL R AZOUT-PAPU

 Texas
 TX-0801094098
 




SAMUEL R AZOUT-PAPU is the Chief Exec of TECNOGLASS S.A., INC, registered in Texas.




Save Profile  
 







DETAILS


Name: SAMUEL R AZOUT-PAPU
Office Held: Chief Exec




LOCATIONS


A Address

100 MTS DE LA VIA 40 BARRANQUILLA ,





OTHER OFFICERS FOR THIS COMPANY



C T CORPORATION SYSTEM
Registered Agent



CARLOS AMIN-DAES
Vice presi




JUAN C VILARINO-AMALF
Director




MARCO F GALVIS-QUITERO
Director




OMAR DOMINGUEZ-GAITAN
President




ROGERO E RAMOS-LOPEZ
Chief exec




ROGERO E RAMOS-LOPEZ
Vice presi




















Home
Document Delivery
API
About

© 2017, Business Profiles Inc.
Business Profile





USA
Europe
Asia & Pacific
Americas





Alabama


Alaska


Arizona


Arkansas


California




Colorado


Connecticut


Delaware


District of Columbia


Florida




Georgia


Hawaii


Idaho


Illinois


Indiana




Iowa


Kansas


Kentucky


Louisiana


Maine




Maryland


Massachusetts


Michigan


Minnesota


Mississippi




Missouri


Nevada


New Hampshire


New Jersey


New York




North Carolina


North Dakota


Ohio


Oklahoma


Oregon




Pennsylvania


Puerto Rico


South Carolina


South Dakota


Tennessee




Texas


Utah


Virginia


Washington


Wyoming






Croatia


Denmark


Estonia




Finland


France




Germany


Gibraltar




Ireland


Isle of Man




Luxembourg


Netherlands




Norway


Poland




Slovenia


Spain




Sweden


Switzerland




Turkey


United Kingdom






Australia




Hong Kong




India




New Zealand




Singapore




Thailand












Canada




Colombia




Dominican Republic




Jamaica




Jersey




Mexico




Nova Scotia




Panama




Quebec









    Samuel Azout | Abacus Real Estate | ZoomInfo.com 























Samuel Azout - Acumen

























































Samuel Azout - Acumen





A Global Community
Acumen’s dedicated team works across its five global offices in Accra, Karachi, Mumbai, Nairobi, and New York to support our work investing in companies, leaders, and ideas. Our entire global community — including our staff, board, and advisors — are integral to the success of our team. 
Tweet
Share




Our Team
Board
Advisory Council
Regional Advisors
Investment Committee












By Region




All Regions
East Africa
India
Latin America
Pakistan
West Africa








 



									GV Prasad								

CEO, Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories
“GV Prasad leads the core team which drives growth and performance at Dr. Reddy’s Laboratories.” [READ MORE]

Prasad leads the core team that drives growth and performance at Dr. Reddy’s. His efforts have led the company to a leadership position in the Indian pharmaceutical sector and helped create a strong presence globally. Dr. Reddy’s is today recognized widely for scientific innovation, people practices, and corporate governance.
In addition to Acumen, Prasad serves on the boards of Indian School of Business, Dr. Reddy’s Institute of Life Science, and Indian Institute of Technology, Hyderabad.
Causes closest to his heart are sustainable development and higher education. The premium Prasad places on sustainability thinking has helped Dr. Reddy’s embrace green technologies and processes, and thereby reduce the company’s ecological footprint.







 



									Sadeesh Raghavan								

Former Managing Director, Accenture
“Sadeesh Raghavan was Managing Director at Accenture where he ran their Products (Manufacturing & Distribution) practice across North and South Asia Pacific and, most recently all their India businesses.” [READ MORE]

Sadeesh Raghavan has worked and lived all over the world. He obtained his undergraduate degree at IIT Madras, then his MBA at UCLA USA, and has worked in the US, India, China, Korea, Indonesia, Singapore, and for the last 4 years has been based both in India and Singapore. He was Managing Director at Accenture where in his last role he ran their Products (Manufacturing & Distribution) practice across North and South Asia Pacific and then most recently all their India businesses. He has spent his career advising MNCs and the top Asian players on their market entry and growth programs and strategies revolving around the rapidly growing Asia Pacific market. He is very active in venture philanthropy and angel investing and sits on numerous boards including the Global Advisory Board and Investment Committee of Acumen Fund, a US based not for profit venture philanthropy fund and India Advisory Board of the Asia Venture Philanthropy Network. He is member of the Indian Angel Network and Business Angel Network of South East Asia and also a member of the Ashoka Support Network.







 



									Farrokh K. Captain								

Philanthropist and Businessman
“Farrokh K. Captain is a Pakistan-based philanthropist, businessman and social worker. He is a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Harvard University....” [READ MORE]

Farrokh K. Captain is a Pakistan-based philanthropist, businessman and social worker. He is a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Harvard University. After completing his Masters in Management and Chemical Engineering he worked as a Management Consultant with Arthur D. Little and established their practice in Pakistan. He has also led a major chemical manufacturing company in Pakistan and been a director of Shell Pakistan Ltd and the American Business Council of Pakistan. He retired from active business at the age of 50 and has spent the years since exclusively in the field of social work. Mr. Captain is also Chairman of the Pakistan Human Development Fund, the poverty alleviation implementing arm of the National Commission for Human Development. He is a Trustee of Layton Rehmatulla Benevolent Trust (leading eye-care charity in Pakistan), and Chairman of the Friends of LRBT, as well as being associated in various capacities with the Doon School of Society of Pakistan, Shaukat Khanum Memorial Trust, The Central Institute of Arts and Crafts,  and The Sandal School.







 



									Sikandar M. Khan								

CEO of Millat Tractors
“Sikandar M. Khan was appointed as Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer of Millat Tractors Limited (MTL) in October 1985 and was elected Chairman of the Board in 1991....” [READ MORE]

Sikandar M. Khan was appointed as Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer of Millat Tractors Limited (MTL) in October 1985 and was elected Chairman of the Board in 1991. In pursuance of the Privatization Policy of the Government, he successfully led his team during the employee buy-out of MTL. He is also the Chairman of Millat Group Companies including two associated companies; Bolan Castings Limited & Millat Equipment Limited and Millat Industrial Products Limited as a subsidiary of Millat Tractors Limited. Mr. Sikandar Mustafa Khan qualified as a Mechanical Engineer from NED University of Engineering & Technology, Karachi in 1967 and has a Master’s degree in Production Engineering (DIC) from Imperial College of Science and Technology, London University (1970). Mr. Khan serves on the board of Habib Bank Limited among others, and was the Vice President of the Lahore Chamber of Commerce (LCCI) from October 1997 to September 1998. Mr. Khan is the elected Chairman of the Pakistan Chapter and Member of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers, London.  He is the current elected Chairman of Pakistan Business Council and President of Pakistan Foundry Association.He has been the founding Chairman, Technical Education and Vocational Training Authority (TEVTA), and the Chairman of Punjab Vocational Training Council (PVTC) appointed by the Government of Punjab in an honorary capacity.







 



									Sanjay Gupta								

CEO, English Helper
“Mr Sanjay Gupta brings several years of experience leading and growing large teams and organizations worldwide. He took on the role of CEO Global at EnglishHelper™ after...” [READ MORE]

Mr Sanjay Gupta brings several years of experience leading and growing large teams and organizations worldwide. He took on the role of CEO Global at EnglishHelper™ after a long stint at American Express, where he served as Head of Customer Service – International Markets from Singapore, Head of Global Financial Operations from New York, and Senior Vice President and Head of the India Leadership Team. He has also held senior positions at Motorola, Pepsico, and Eicher in India. Currently, he serves as Director of Bharti AXA Investment Managers Pvt. Ltd., Grow Talent Ltd., and other companies. He is on the Advisory Boards of organizations including Schneider Electric India and Acumen. Sanjay is deeply committed to the development sector and is a Trustee at Charities Aid Foundation (India), Udayan Care, and Mobile Creches. Sanjay is also a guest faculty at Duke Corporate Education












									Vinay Shah								

Director,  Mosaic Capital
“Mr Vinay Shah is the co-founder and director at Mosaic Capital. With over two decades of specialization in private equity, preceded by a background in consulting, Vinay is...” [READ MORE]

Mr Vinay Shah is the co-founder and director at Mosaic Capital. With over two decades of specialization in private equity, preceded by a background in consulting, Vinay is amongst the senior most investment bankers in India. Prior to Mosaic, he has held leadership positions in Ambit Corporate Finance, Arthur Anderson and Coopers & Lybrand. Vinay is a Chartered Accountant from the ICAI and also has an MBA from the University of Pittsburgh







 



									Bahram Vakil								

Founding Partner, AZB & Partners
“One of the founding partners of AZB & Partners, Bahram N. Vakil is amongst India’s foremost infrastructure and project finance attorneys. Bahram is one of the few infrastructure...” [READ MORE]

One of the founding partners of AZB & Partners, Bahram N. Vakil is amongst India’s foremost infrastructure and project finance attorneys. Bahram is one of the few infrastructure lawyers in the country who has been involved in five of the eight fast track power projects and has been acknowledged as a leading project finance lawyer by most international publications for over a decade. Bahram serves on many International and Indian committees including the U K Sinha Committee – Working Group on Foreign Investment in India. He also sits on the Board of Grameen Capital India and has played a pivotal role in Grameen Foundation’s work here. Bahram has law degrees from Bombay University and Columbia University, is a member of the New York State Bar Association, and worked for two major law firms in the United States prior to returning to India in 1985, where he became a partner in one of the largest law firms before becoming a founding partner in 2004 of AZB & Partners.







 



									ASHOK MOHINANI								

Executive Director and Chairman of Poly Group of Companies
“Ashok Mohinani is the Executive Director and Chairman of Poly Group of Companies. Mr. Mohinani oversees all the business units of the Poly Group of Companies in Ghana and...” [READ MORE]

Ashok Mohinani is the Executive Director and Chairman of Poly Group of Companies. Mr. Mohinani oversees all the business units of the Poly Group of Companies in Ghana and Nigeria. The Group is involved in the plastics and packaging industry as well as Electronics and Retailing and has offices in the UK, India, Hong Kong, China, Nigeria and Kenya. Educated at the St. Lawrence College in Ramsgate, Kent, he took up further studies in accounting at the London School of Accountancy in 1982 and completed his ACCA in 1984.  His social responsibilities include serving as a member of the board of Trustees, Postgraduate Endowment Fund – College of Health Sciences.







 



									Patrick G. Awuah Jr.								

Founder and President of the Ashesi University
“Patrick G. Awuah Jr. is the founder and president of the Ashesi University, a private not-for-profit institution in Accra. After living in the United States for two decades,...” [READ MORE]

Patrick G. Awuah Jr. is the founder and president of the Ashesi University, a private not-for-profit institution in Accra. After living in the United States for two decades, Awuah realized that the education system in Ghana at the time largely involved memorizing facts without critical thinking or problem-solving skills.  Awuah returned to his native Ghana and set up Ashesi University in Accra. He began the college with about 30 students, eventually increasing to more than 500
Prior to Ashesi, Patrick G. Awuah, Jr. worked as a Program Manager for Microsoft in Seattle for almost a decade.
Patrick has and MBA from University of California, Berkeley’s Haas School of Business. In 2004 Swarthmore awarded Patrick Awuah Jr, an honorary doctorate in recognition of his leadership in African higher education, and in 2013 Babson College awarded him an honorary doctorate in recognition of his leadership in African higher education.







 



									Kwasi Atuah								

CEO and founder of Lifeforms Group
“Mr. Kwasi Atuah is the CEO, founder and sole shareholder of Lifeforms Group. He began his career as a Film Producer and is considered the pioneer of airtime sales and program...” [READ MORE]

Mr. Kwasi Atuah is the CEO, founder and sole shareholder of Lifeforms Group. He began his career as a Film Producer and is considered the pioneer of airtime sales and program syndication in Ghana. Working with Warner brothers, Columbia Pictures and Viacom, Mr. Atuah introduced to Ghanaian TV screens sitcoms such as 227, family matters and different strokes among many others, which arguably raised the bar for Ghanaian producers.
After a successful career in program syndication, Mr. Atuah realigned Lifeform’s core function from program syndication to infrastructure development. Over the past 10 years, Lifeforms Limited under the direction of Mr. Atuah, has developed a number of projects, such as the refurbishment of GBC, the SHEP 4 project, a 350 million USD national electrification project, funded by US EXIM Bank.
Mr. Atuah has an MBA in Business Administration from the China Europe Business school.







 



									Dr. Myma Belo-Osagie								

Managing Partner with Udo Udomo & Belo-Osagie
“Dr. Myma Belo-Osagie is a Managing Partner with Udo Udomo & Belo-Osagie and specializes in energy, natural resources and the environment, telecommunications,...” [READ MORE]

Dr. Myma Belo-Osagie is a Managing Partner with Udo Udomo & Belo-Osagie and specializes in energy, natural resources and the environment, telecommunications, corporate advisory including foreign investments, corporate restructuring including mergers and acquisitions.
Dr. Belo-Osagie attended the University of Ghana at Legon where she obtained an LL.B in 1975. She obtained a BL from the Ghana School of Law in 1977 qualifying her as a barrister and solicitor of the Ghanaian Bar. She went on to Harvard Law School in the U.S.A. where she obtained an LL.M in 1978 and an SJD. Dr. Belo-Osagie was called to the New York Bar in 1983. She attended the Nigerian Law School and was called to the Nigerian Bar in 1984 as a barrister and solicitor of the Supreme Court of Nigeria. Dr. Belo-Osagie is ranked as one of the “World’s Leading Lawyers” in the Corporate/M&A section of the Chambers’ Global Directory. Her recent assignments include the drafting of the Nigerian Telecommunications Act 2003 and advising the International Financial Corporation on its equity investment in the 2003 Africa Telecoms’’ Deal of the Year Award.







 



									Winnie Ouko								

Co-Founder & Director, Lattice Consulting
“Winnie is co-founder and a Director of Lattice Consulting Limited, a Kenyan corporate finance, project finance, and strategy advisory firm that has a reputation for excellence...” [READ MORE]

Winnie is co-founder and a Director of Lattice Consulting Limited, a Kenyan corporate finance, project finance, and strategy advisory firm that has a reputation for excellence and a prestigious client base.
Winnie is a strong leader with first-rate technical skills in valuation, project finance, financial modeling and analysis, and strategy. She is also a gifted trainer and has taught management and executive training programs in many countries in Africa.
She previously worked with PricewaterhouseCoopers (Nairobi) and Standard Poors’ (New York). She holds an MBA from Cornell University’s Johnson Graduate School of Management as well as a Bachelor of Commerce (Honors) from the University of Nairobi, and is a Certified Public Accountant (Kenya).
Winnie is an African Leadership Initiative Fellow and sits on the boards of numerous Kenyan companies.







 



									Carlos Rodriguez Pastor								

Chairman and CEO at Intercorp
“Carlos Rodriguez Pastor is currently chairman and CEO at Intercorp, one of Peru’s largest holding companies and general partner at Nexus Group, a Peruvian private equity...” [READ MORE]

Carlos Rodriguez Pastor is currently chairman and CEO at Intercorp, one of Peru’s largest holding companies and general partner at Nexus Group, a Peruvian private equity fund with over US$900M assets under management. Through Intercorp and Nexus Group, Mr. Rodriguez-Pastor have executed multiple investments in the Andean region mainly in the banking, insurance, retail, real estate, industrial and education sectors. Portfolio consolidated sales reach US$5 billion and generate over 50,000 employments.
Mr. Rodriguez-Pastor is also co-founder and chairman of Innova Schools, and member of several advisory boards and committees including: Second Curve Partners, Royalty Pharma, The David Rockefeller Center for Latin American Studies at Harvard University, Tuck School of Business Board of Overseers, New York’s Museum of Modern Arts (MoMA) Committee for Latin American Acquisitions, MIT’s Corporation Development Committee (a standing committee of the MIT Corporation which helps secure critical financial resources for the Institute), Latin America Conservation Council, and is co-chair for the International Advisory Council of the Americas Society and Council of the Americas.
Mr. Rodriguez-Pastor has an undergraduate degree from the University of California at Berkeley, and an MBA from Dartmouth’s Tuck School of Business.







 



									Ipsita Dasgupta								

Executive Vice President and Head - Asia Pacific & Russia/CIS, Glenmark Pharmaceuticals
“Ipsita Dasgupta is Executive Vice President and Head - Asia Pacific & Russia/CIS for Glenmark Pharmaceuticals. In this role, Ipsita is responsible for leading and managing the regional P&L – this includes maximizing profitable growth through sales performance and effective margin and resource management.” [READ MORE]

Ipsita Dasgupta is Executive Vice President and Head – Asia Pacific & Russia/CIS for Glenmark Pharmaceuticals. In this role, Ipsita is responsible for leading and managing the regional P&L – this includes maximizing profitable growth through sales performance and effective margin and resource management. Her responsibilities include further developing the brand and growing the talent base in the region, building sustainable demand, driving growth strategies, and creating transformational change for the business.
In her former role, Ipsita was the Chief Commercial Officer – South Asia for General Electric. In this role she was responsible for building and leading the commercial strategy and ‘Go to market’ plan for GE in South Asia. She was responsible for strategy, marketing, new product/solution initiatives and the top 10 strategic customer accounts across GE businesses. She led ‘In India for India’ growth programs, drove sales force effectiveness and owned P&L responsibilities for GE Bangladesh.
Prior to this, she served as the Chief Marketing Officer – GE India, South Asia and Greater China. In this role, Ipsita’s priorities included building new business strategies to increase GE’s footprint and define region and country-centric solutions for customers. Her mandate included developing a strong market-backed understanding of the region; driving localization strategies; designing customer solutions; and creating go-to-market plans. 
Prior to joining GE, Ipsita Dasgupta was an executive in Cisco’s Globalization – East business. As Managing Director, Smart Connected Communities – Emerging Businesses, Ipsita was developing business opportunities in Emerging Markets, specifically focused on the global, emerging middle class. Her role included driving partnerships and business models with established companies that sell products and services to this market segment, entrepreneurs who need technology to scale and grow, and public sector organizations and institutions. 
Ipsita joined Cisco from IBM, where she worked since 2002, and has spanned strategy, marketing, and operational roles in the U.S. and India. Some of her roles included building and driving marketing strategies and practices for IBM’s global hardware, software and services businesses; creating and leading IBM’s global senior consulting Center of Competency out of India; leading and strengthening IBM’s competitive intelligence/strategy practice for Corporate Headquarters. 
Before her IBM experience, Ipsita worked with the management consulting firm, Arthur D. Little as a strategy and innovation management consultant. 
Ipsita holds a Bachelor’s degree in Mathematics and Economics from Columbia University, and a Masters in Business Administration from the Harvard Business School. 
CONTACT

@IpsitaDasgupta








 



									 Edwin Macharia								

Partner and Regional Director of Africa, Dalberg
“Edwin Macharia is a partner at Dalberg and Regional Director of Africa, based in Nairobi.” [READ MORE]

He advises developing countries’ governments, bilateral and multilateral donors, international organizations, foundations, non-governmental organizations, and corporations on a range of issues including strategy, operational efficiency, and program implementation. Edwin joined Dalberg from the Clinton Foundation where he held multiple roles focused on rural communities. As Director of Agriculture, he led the Foundation’s thinking, operations, and partnership-building in the agriculture space for a $100M initiative focused on affecting holistic development at the grassroots. Before that, Edwin was Director of the Rural Initiative for the Clinton HIV/AIDS Initiative, charged with developing and supporting execution of programs that extend HIV/AIDS care and treatment services to low-level heath facilities (health centers and dispensaries) across partner countries. Prior to joining the Clinton Foundation, Edwin was at McKinsey & Company where he served clients in the financial services and pharmaceutical sectors. Edwin holds a degree in biology from Amherst College.







 



									Ken Ikiara								

Founder, Tume Middle Africa Consulting Ltd
“After thirty years working for leading multinational companies, Ken set up TUME Middle Africa Consulting Limited in July 2015 to provide business advisory services in sales, marketing and business leadership.” [READ MORE]

Ken’s career started at Unilever, Nairobi in 1986 in sales and marketing. He then led the marketing function at Boots Pharmaceuticals E. Africa before joining Total Kenya Ltd to lead the petroleum company’s marketing and consumer sales functions. In 2000 he joined Colgate Palmolive East Africa as Commercial Director and later as Managing Director. In 2010 he joined The Colgate Palmolive Company in New York, NY, USA as worldwide director of indirect trade; returning to Nairobi in 2013 as business development director for Colgate Palmolive Africa in 2013; his last full time employment assignment.
Ken holds a B.Sc Management from Oral Roberts University in Tulsa Ok, USA. He has benefitted from extensive training worldwide and is a graduate of Tuck Business School’s ‘Global 2020’ Executive development program at Dartmouth College, NH, USA. Ken has sat on a number of boards and advisory councils and is a qualified director.









 



									Ahsan Jamil								

Managing Director, Abraaj Group
“Ahsan Jamil is a Managing Director for the Healthcare team at Abraaj in Pakistan.” [READ MORE]

Ahsan Jamil is a Managing Director for the Healthcare team at Abraaj in Pakistan.
Before joining Abraaj in 2016, Mr. Jamil was the CEO of Aman Foundation, a not-for-profit trust, focusing on building scalable, sustainable and systemic change to improve health and education in Pakistan. As one of the Founding Trustees, he helped build the non-profit from ground up, successfully navigating early stage risk and building the Aman brand to represent quality, trust and impact. In April 2015, Mr. Jamil led Aman Networks, building a global stakeholder engagement system and partnerships framework. To this end, Aman UK was established and launched in December 2015.
Mr. Jamil’s previous roles were at Ecopack Limited, Unilever, and Chase Manhattan Bank in Pakistan. He started off his career at E.F. Hutton in New York.
Mr. Jamil is a Board Member of the I-Care Foundation and is on the Advisory Board of Acumen Pakistan. He previously chaired Boards at ECOPACK Ltd, AMANHEALTH and AMANTECH. He was a Board Member and Chairman for Teach for Pakistan and Karachi Organic Energy Pvt Ltd (KOEL), and served on the Boards of the British Overseas School-Karachi and Injaaz Pakistan.
Mr. Jamil holds a liberal arts degree from Reed College, USA (1986) in Math-Economics and a post graduate diploma in Counseling and Addiction Alleviation.







 



									Samuel Azout								

Founder and Chairman of Fundacion Futbol con Corazon
“Samuel Azout is the Founder and Chairman of “Fundacion Futbol con Corazon” an NGO dedicated to creating safe and peaceful neighborhoods in Colombia by improving life...” [READ MORE]

Samuel Azout is the Founder and Chairman of “Fundacion Futbol con Corazon” an NGO dedicated to creating safe and peaceful neighborhoods in Colombia by improving life opportunities for children and young adults in underprivileged areas. His work is specifically directed at reducing youth violence, preventing recruitment by illegal forces and promoting gender equality.
Mr. Azout was born in Barranquilla, Colombia in 1959. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics from Cornell University (1981) and a degree of Master in Public Administration from Harvard University (2007).
Before becoming a social entrepreneur, Samuel held the CEO position at Carulla Vivero S.A., the second largest retailer in Colombia, for 10 years, until he led its sale to Grupo Exito in 2006. He has served a member of the Board of Directors of Almacenes Exito, Bavaria SabMiller, Aerorepublica, Fundacion Colombia and Fundacion Pies Descalzos, the NGO founded by Colombian singer and celebrity Shakira. He also belongs to the Ashoka Support Network (ASN).
In addition, Mr. Azout was the Chairman of the Board of Fundación Carulla for three years and founded Aeiotu (www.aeiotu.org), the largest NGO in Colombia in the field of early childhood development. Samuel Azout served as Senior Advisor for Social Prosperity to the President
of Colombia (2010 -2011) and as Director of the National Agency for Overcoming Extreme Poverty (ANSPE) 2011-2013. Samuel has been married to Margarett Kassin for 30 years, and has two
daughters, ages 26 and 25, and a son, age 22.







 

Zaffar Khan
“Mr. Zaffar A. Khan graduated as a mechanical engineer in 1967 and soon thereafter joined Esso /Exxon Chemical which following an employee led buyout became Engro Chemical...” [READ MORE]

Mr. Zaffar A. Khan graduated as a mechanical engineer in 1967 and soon thereafter joined Esso /Exxon Chemical which following an employee led buyout became Engro Chemical in Pakistan. He retired from the Company in 2004 after serving for 35 years the last 6 of which were as President & CEO. During the early years of his career he served Exxon Chemical for 10 years in Hong Kong, Singapore and USA in the petrochemical business.  He has done an Advanced Management Program from the University of Hawaii and has attended short courses at INSEAD and the Harvard Business School. Mr. Zaffar Khan has served on a number of diverse boards both in the private and public sector some of which he has Chaired. These include the Pakistan Telecommunications Co, the Karachi Stock Exchange and Pakistan International Airlines (PIA) and he is currently on the Board of the Pakistan Center for Philanthropy. Mr. Zaffar Khan also serves on the Board of Acumen Pakistan.







 

Zubyr Soomro
“Zubyr Soomro retired as CEO for Citibank in Pakistan in 2008. He holds 31 years of international banking experience of which 28 years were at Citibank with assignments in...” [READ MORE]

Zubyr Soomro retired as CEO for Citibank in Pakistan in 2008. He holds 31 years of international banking experience of which 28 years were at Citibank with assignments in various countries. He also worked in Jordan as Regional Head for Iraq, Syria and Jordan; in Saudi Arabia as Head for Contracting and Construction Financing for Citibank’s affiliate, SAMBA; in Turkey as Chief Executive of SAMBA; and in UK, initially as Head for Middle East Africa (UK) and thereafter Emerging Markets (UK) for Citibank’s wealth management business. Mr. Soomro sits on various advisory boards including Acumen in Pakistan.  He holds a Bachelor of Science in Economics from the London School of Economics, and a Master in South Asian Studies, School of Oriental and African studies, London University.







 



									Vikram Sahu								

Head of Southern Asia Equity Research, BoA Merrill Lynch
“Mr. Vikram Sahu is the Head of Southern Asia Equity Research at BofA Merrill Lynch,. Formerly, he was the regional director of Research for Goldman Sachs in South Asia. He...” [READ MORE]

Mr. Vikram Sahu is the Head of Southern Asia Equity Research at BofA Merrill Lynch,. Formerly, he was the regional director of Research for Goldman Sachs in South Asia. He was a member of the Micro Research Operating Contributions Committee, the AEJ Charitable Contributions Committee and is a GS India-Aspen Fellow. Vikram joined Goldman Sachs as an executive director in 1999 and was named managing director in 2007. Prior to joining the firm and working in equity research, Vikram worked for the United Nations in New York and Maastricht. He began his career as an equity analyst in 1995. Vikram earned a BA from St. Stephens College in Delhi and was awarded full scholarships to the master’s program at Northern Illinois University and the PhD program at Manchester University







 



									Prabir Talati								

Director of Consumer Group, Actis
“Mr. Prabir Talati is the Director of Consumer Group at Actis Capital, LLP. Prabir joined Actis Capital in 2004 and focused on the consumer sector. Prior to this, he worked...” [READ MORE]

Mr. Prabir Talati is the Director of Consumer Group at Actis Capital, LLP. Prabir joined Actis Capital in 2004 and focused on the consumer sector. Prior to this, he worked at Ambit Corporate Finance where he worked in the Mergers and Acquisitions and Private Equity Advisory practice and advised on the first management buy-out in India – the management buyout of Diageo’s domestic whisky business. He is a Chartered Accountant by training and served his articles at Arthur Andersen. He serves on the Board of AVTEC Limited and Sandhar







 



									AMBER HAROON SAIGOL								

Chairman of The Dawn Media Group
“Amber Haroon Saigol is the Chairman of The Dawn Media Group, Pakistan Herald Publications (Pvt) Ltd.

She is the granddaughter of Sir Abdullah Haroon and the daughter of...” [READ MORE]

Amber Haroon Saigol is the Chairman of The Dawn Media Group, Pakistan Herald Publications (Pvt) Ltd.
She is the granddaughter of Sir Abdullah Haroon and the daughter of Mahmood Abdullah Haroon.  After completing her schooling in Pakistan, she obtained a law degree from SM College, Karachi and spent 2 years at Lincoln’s Inn working towards Bar-at-Law.  Pursuing her career in law she worked at Maskatiya Law Associates in Karachi and later did a short stint at Rehman and Batalvi Associates in Lahore.
Amber Haroon Saigol joined The DAWN Group of Newspaper as Legal Advisor and later was appointed as Director Public Affairs and then as Director Operations.
Amber Haroon Saigol is the President of The DAWN Relief Earthquake Welfare Organization which was established in 2005 which is actively involved in the relief effort for the victims affected by natural and man-made disasters in Pakistan.
Mrs. Saigol has held the title of Convener Special Events Committee Lahore for the Lady Dufferin Foundation Trust and helped to successfully arrange fund-raising events for the extension of the hospital in Karachi.
Mrs. Saigol was elected to the post of President of the Board of Lahore American School for a period of 2 years.
In 2006 Mrs. Saigol was invited to join as a Board Member of the National Committee and the Operations Committee of The Aga Khan Foundation Pakistan which oversees all the Foundations of on-going projects in Pakistan.
Currently, Mrs. Saigol is also the Chairperson of M/s. Haroon Oils (Pvt) Ltd and a Board Director of M/s. Haroon Sons (Pvt) Ltd., and Kohinoor Airwaves (Pvt) Ltd.







 



									KWEKU BEDU – ADDO								

Head of the Standard Chartered Bank
“Mr Kweku Bedu-Addo is the first Ghanaian to head the Standard Chartered Bank in its 114 years history. He joined the bank as a Relationship Banking Manager and was subsequently...” [READ MORE]

Mr Kweku Bedu-Addo is the first Ghanaian to head the Standard Chartered Bank in its 114 years history. He joined the bank as a Relationship Banking Manager and was subsequently made the Head of Corporate and Institutional Banking in a cross border assignment in Zambia. During that period, he also served on the Board of the Standard Chartered Bank Zambia Plc. as an Executive Director.
From Zambia he was posted to Singapore, where he headed a global project with responsibility for the implementation and roll-out of programs across the Standard Chartered Group’s Wholesale Bank.
Prior to Standard Charted bank he worked with the   Policy Analysis Division of the Ministry of Finance and Economic Planning.
Kwaku graduated from the University of Ghana where he was awarded a Bachelor of Science degree in Agriculture Economics and a Masters in International Affairs from the School of International and Public Affairs, Columbia University, New York.
Mr Bedu-Addo has strong values which include treating people with dignity, respect and fairness.







 



									Estelle Akofoi–Sowah								

Country Director of Google Ghana
“Estelle Akofio Sowah is the country director of Google Ghana. Prior to Google she was the Managing Director of BusyInternet - one of Africa's largest cyber centers, located...” [READ MORE]

Estelle Akofio Sowah is the country director of Google Ghana. Prior to Google she was the Managing Director of BusyInternet – one of Africa’s largest cyber centers, located in Accra. Before ascending to this position, she worked with the Professional Network Association (Pronet), a local British NGO which partners with WaterAid in the implementation of water, sanitation and hygiene promotion projects in Ghana. She also worked as a coordinator for the National Poverty Reduction Program.
Estell is a graduate for Sussex University UK where she majored in Economics and Development Studies.







 



									Dr. Joyce Aryee								

Former Chief Executive Officer of the Ghana Chamber of Mines
“Dr. Joyce Rosalind Aryee is the former Chief Executive Officer of the Ghana Chamber of Mines where she served for ten years. She is the first woman to head an African Chamber...” [READ MORE]

Dr. Joyce Rosalind Aryee is the former Chief Executive Officer of the Ghana Chamber of Mines where she served for ten years. She is the first woman to head an African Chamber of Mines.  Dr Aryee also served as the Minister of Education, Minister of Democracy in the Office of the Prime Minister and a Member of the National Defence Council.
In 2009 Dr Aryee was named African Female Business Leader of the year.  Dr. Aryee is the founder of the Salt ant Light Ministries and currently consults for Keegan Resources (Ghana) Limited and Pelangio Exploration.







 



									Susan Omanga								

CEO & Founder, Exclamation Marketing Ltd
“As CEO and founder of Exclamation Marketing Ltd, Susan has built a marketing communications agency that is renowned for delivering high-level results to local and international...” [READ MORE]

As CEO and founder of Exclamation Marketing Ltd, Susan has built a marketing communications agency that is renowned for delivering high-level results to local and international client across East Africa, including Diageo/EABL, The World Bank Group, IFC, Trade Mark East Africa, HP, and more. She recently co-founded Pink Progress, a partnership that encourages senior executive women to take on corporate leadership positions through training, mentorship and networking.
Previously, Susan served in senior marketing positions at Boots Kenya, Barclays Bank, and was Head of Marketing for Standard Chartered in East Africa.
In May 2012 she retired from the Group Board of KCB, East Africa’s largest financial institution, after serving the maximum term of eight years. Currently Susan sits on the Board of Longhorn Publishers, East Africa’s leading publishing house, and Coffee Board of Kenya. She is also an advisory board Member at the University of Nairobi’s Greenhorn Mentorship Program.
She is a recipient of the International Star for Leadership in Quality (ISLQ) Award – Paris 2008, holds an Associate of Applied Science in Business Management from North West Community College, Powel, Wyoming and a Bachelor of Science in Business Management from Rocky Mountain College in Billings Montana, USA.







 



									María López								

Director of Sustainability of Publicaciones Semana
“María López is the Director of Sustainability of Publicaciones Semana, the publishing house of leading magazines in Colombia. María is also the Director of the Semana Sostenible...” [READ MORE]

María López is the Director of Sustainability of Publicaciones Semana, the publishing house of leading magazines in Colombia. María is also the Director of the Semana Sostenible magazine, a publication which covers the intersection between environmental, social, and economic topics. María’s work in the media includes the creation of the first sustainability report in Colombia and the constitution of the Semana Foundation. Before her role as Director of Sustainability at Publicaciones Semana, María worked as human rights researcher for the Anti-Human Trafficking Project sponsored by the Anti-drugs and Crime Office of the United Nations in Colombia.







 



									Milton Lore								

Enterprise Development Advisor
“Milton has been actively involved in enterprise development in Africa and Europe since 1995, with emphasis on nurturing innovative entrepreneurial ventures through provision of early-stage funding and business mentoring support.” [READ MORE]




Since 1995, Milton has positively contributed towards commercial enterprise operations, innovation management, public policy engagement as well as risk capital and philanthropic investment in Africa and Europe across agriculture, healthcare and clean technology.
Most recently, he spearheaded successful implementation of a business acceleration facility under the US Presidential Feed the Future initiative in support of innovation to address food security and rural income generation in Kenya.
Milton has also served as Managing Director for the African Venture Capital Association.
He holds a graduate degree in intellectual property law and management from Queen Mary – University of London, and previously studied chemical sciences at the University of Nairobi.
 










 



									Ali Ansari								

Partner, Alfalah Securities
“Ali started his career as an Investment Manager at Bank of America in London, and then worked as CEO Pakistan and later as COO Emerging Europe for Credit Lyonnais Securities Asia (CLSA).” [READ MORE]

Ali started his career as an Investment Manager at Bank of America in London, and then worked as CEO Pakistan and later as COO Emerging Europe for Credit Lyonnais Securities Asia (CLSA). Following this he was CEO AKD Securities and launched Online Trading, Venture Capital and Private Equity in Pakistan. In 2006 he partnered with an Oil & Gas company to form Dewan Drilling which he led as its CEO. He was the President & CEO of Engro Corporation and was concurrently Chairman of all its subsidiaries from May 2012 till May 2015. He has now partnered with Bank Al Falah in Al Falah Securities. He also serves on the board of Kashf Foundation and is a member of the Advisory board of Acumen Fund Pakistan and Chairman of the Advisory Board of the Aman Centre of Entrepreneurship Development at IBA.







 



									Desta Lakew								

Head of Fundraising, Africa, Amref Health Africa
“Desta Lakew joined the Acumen East Africa board of advisors in 2015.” [READ MORE]

She is the Head of Fundraising and Partnerships for Africa at Amref Health Africa. A certified fundraising executive with more than a decade of fundraising and marketing experience, she is responsible for establishing Amref Health Africa’s Fundraising Directorate for Africa to promote and support philanthropic giving by Africans for Africa and establishing strategic private sector partnerships.
Prior to joining, she was the Director of Development at Open Door Foundation based in the USA where she also served as Director of Marketing from 2006. She is a founding board member of the NY-Westchester Chapter of the National Association of Fundraising Professionals (AFP). She has served as the Director of Development for Interfaith Council for Action; Assistant Vice President of Maimonides Medical Center and conducted various consultancies with Business Call to Action, UNDP Secretariat; Public Health Innovation, Kenya and Centre for Multicultural and Community Affairs, Mt Sinai Hospital, New York. Desta holds a Master of Public Health, Bachelor of Arts and is a Certified Fundraising Executive (CFRE).


































Azout Samuel R - Insider Trading - Fintel.io
































Azout Samuel R







Insider Trades
    






Azout Samuel R insider trades are found here. Insiders are officers, directors, or significant investors in a company.
            In general, it is generally illegal for insiders to make trades in their companies based on specific, non-public information. This does not mean
            it is illegal for them to make any trades in their own companies. However, they must report all trades to the SEC via a Form 4.






TranDateSecurity

Code
Shares
Post Shares
PercentChange
SharePrice
TranValue 
PostValue
PercentChange




2017-01-03
TGLS / Tecnoglass
 Director

*
A
165
4,374
3.92






2016-10-03
TGLS / Tecnoglass
 Director

*
A
4,209
4,209











POpen market or private purchase of non-derivative or derivative security
SOpen market or private sale of non-derivative or derivative security
AGrant, award, or other acquisition of securities from the company (such as an option)
CConversion of derivative
DSale or transfer of securities back to the company
FPayment of exercise price or tax liability using portion of securities received from the company
GGift of securities by or to the insider
KEquity swaps and similar hedging transactions
MExercise or conversion of derivative security received from the company (such as an option)
VA transaction voluntarily reported on Form 4
JOther (accompanied by a footnote describing the transaction)









Fintel IR - Find the Right Investors for Your Company, Instantly!
        Fintel IR combines the comprehensive Fintel ownership database with machine learning to
        provide advanced tools to make investor outreach fast and easy.
        Learn more now!




























Become a power user!

 Join our private investing channel!
Request Membership
























Stock Screener - Yahoo FinanceHomeMailFlickrTumblrNewsSportsFinanceCelebrityAnswersGroupsMobileMoreYahooSearchSearch0U.S. Markets open in 1 hr 2 minsS&P Futures2,478.50+4.50 (+0.18%)Dow Futures21,628.00+68.00 (+0.32%)Insider TransactionsDefault CriteriaInsider & Restricted Shareholder Transactions1-2 of 2 resultsResults were generated a few mins ago. Pricing data is updated frequently. Currency in USDSymbolDateSharesProceedsTransaction DetailsTGLS2017-01-02165N/AAcquisition (Non Open Market) at $0.00 per share.TGLS2016-10-024,209N/AAcquisition (Non Open Market) at $0.00 per share.Here's Trump's approval rating in every stateBusiness InsiderCalifornia Approves Cheaper WindowsModernizeSponsoredMotorola's Moto Z2 Force is a smartphone guaranteed not to shatterYahoo FinanceYahoo Small BusinessData DisclaimerHelpSuggestionsPrivacyAbout Our AdsTerms (Updated)





