Baidu | Investors | Products

HOME        
ABOUT BAIDU
            Company OverviewMilestonesManagementBoard of Directors        
INVESTOR RELATIONS
        Press ReleasesFinancial ReportsWebcastsStock InformationSEC FilingsAnalyst CoverageIR CalendarInvestor FAQsCorporate Governance
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
            Search ServicesTransaction ServicesiQiyi Video Services
 
CONTACT US
            Contact FormIP ProtectionSEMEmail Alerts


Disclaimer | 
Privacy | 
Copyright ©  Baidu, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Baidu Inc (BIDU.O)  Company Profile | Reuters.com


























































X



Edition:

United States


















Africa
América Latina


عربي
Argentina


Brasil
Canada


中国
Deutschland


España
France


India
Italia


日本
México


РОССИЯ
United Kingdom

United States
















Profile: Baidu Inc (BIDU.O)





Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologyInternet Services












                
                        Overview
                    



                
                        News
                    



                
                        Key Developments
                    



                
                        People
                    



                
                        Charts
                    



                
                        Financials
                    



                
                        Analysts
                    



                    
                            Research
                        



                    
                            Pulse
                        










				BIDU.O on Nasdaq


				198.65USD
2:29pm EDT





				    Change	(% chg)


		    
						    $5.47


					            (+2.83%)
					        






Prev Close

$193.18


Open

$193.98




Day's High

$198.98


Day's Low

$193.02




Volume

2,750,505


Avg. Vol

2,485,879




52-wk High

$198.98


52-wk Low

$156.23












					Full Description



Baidu, Inc., incorporated on January 18, 2000, is a Chinese language Internet search provider. The Company offers a Chinese language search platform on its Baidu.com Website that enables users to find information online, including Webpages, news, images, documents and multimedia files, through links provided on its Website. In addition to serving individual Internet search users, the Company provides a platform for businesses to reach customers. Its business consists of three segments: search services, transaction services and iQiyi. Search services are keyword-based marketing services targeted at and triggered by Internet users' search queries, which mainly include its pay-for-performance (P4P) services and other online marketing services. Its transaction services include Baidu Nuomi, Baidu Takeout Delivery, Baidu Maps, Baidu Connect, Baidu Wallet and others. iQiyi is an online video platform with a content library that includes licensed movies, television series, cartoons, variety shows and other programs.The Company conducts its operations primarily in China. It serves four types of online participants: users, customers, Baidu union members and content providers. The Company conducts its operations in China principally through Baidu Online Network Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (Baidu Online), its subsidiary in Beijing, China. It also conducts part of its operations in China through Beijing Baidu Netcom Science Technology Co., Ltd. (Baidu Netcom), a consolidated affiliated entity in Beijing, China, which holds the licenses and approvals necessary to operate its Websites and provides online advertising services. The Company also offers transaction platforms, such as Nuomi.com, to connect online and offline services provided by third-parties. The Company provides a range of products and services, including search services, transaction services and iQiyi. Its products and services can be accessed through personal computers (PCs) and mobile devices.The Company's online marketing customers consist of small and medium enterprises (SMEs) throughout China, domestic companies, and Chinese divisions and subsidiaries of multinational companies. Its defined industries in which its customers operate include retail and e-commerce, local services, medical and healthcare, financial services, education, tourism and ticketing, online games, transportation, construction and decoration, and business services. Customers for its transaction services primarily consist of merchants that act as service providers on its transaction platforms, such as Nuomi.com. The merchants that operate on its transaction platforms mainly cover businesses, such as restaurants, hotels and cinemas. Baidu Union consists of various third-party Web content, software and mobile application providers. Baidu Union members can display on their properties its customers' promotional links that match the content of such members' properties.The Company's search products and services for users include Baidu Web Search, Baidu Image Search, Baidu Post Bar, Baidu Knows, Baidu Encyclopedia, Baidu WenKu, Hao123.com, Baidu Mobile Search, Baidu Mobile Assistant, Baidu Mobile Browser, Baidu Mobile Guardian and Duer. Baidu's Web search allows users to locate information through search queries. After typing a search query, users receive a list of ranked search results, which may include its customers' content presented in a specific format. Users can then access the desired information by examining the returned search snippets, or clicking on the hypertext links displayed in the search results. Baidu Web search includes features, such as query suggestion, instant search, in-depth answers, english language resources, scene-based search, personalization and recommendation for Web search, among others. Baidu Image Search enables users to search for images on the Internet by term queries or various categories and offers features, such as search by image file type and search within a designated Website or Webpage.Baidu Image Search is accessible through both Webpage and mobile device. Baidu Post Bar is a social media platform, where users post text, image, audio and video content and reply to original content, thus forming social networks around topics of discussions. Baidu Post Bar draws users through close integration with search and user-generated content. Baidu Knows provides users with a query-based searchable community to share knowledge and experiences. Through Baidu Knows, registered users can post specific questions for other users to respond, as well as respond to questions posted by others. Baidu Knows is accessible through both Webpage and mobile application. Baidu Encyclopedia is an encyclopedia compiled by registered users. Registered users can share their knowledge by adding terms and content in Baidu Encyclopedia. Baidu WenKu is an online document sharing platform, through which registered users of its Baidu.com Website can search, browse or read, by categories, documents in various formats such as Microsoft WORD, portable document format (PDF), and Microsoft Excel.Hao123.com is a Chinese Website directory navigation site in China. Mobile Baidu enables users to access its search and community-based products and services using mobile devices. Baidu Mobile Assistant is a mobile application marketplace designed for Android mobile devices. The platform offers an array of applications, and selects and recommends applications based on big data analytics. Baidu Mobile Browser is a mobile Internet browser. Users can search for Websites and customize their Baidu Mobile Browser landing pages. Baidu Mobile Guardian is phone security software, using mobile anti-virus technology. It can provide users with free system optimization, mobile handset accelerator, virus sweeper, data privacy, harassing phone intercept, secure payment and other features. Duer is a personal virtual assistant that provides secretarial search service to users.The Company's search products and services for customers include P4P, BrandZone, Aladdin, Baidu Newsfeed, Baidu Deliveries and Baidu Cloud. Its auction-based P4P services enable its customers to bid for priority placement of their links in keyword search results. Its P4P platform enables its customers to reach users searching for information related to their products or services. BrandZone is its branding display marketing product. The marketing message for a customer can integrate text description, image and video, and appear in a position of the search result page. Aladdin is a form of commercialization of its Baidu data open platform. Online marketing services based on contextuals, audience attributes, media and placement attributes refer to its programmatic marketing service transaction system, which is composed of four parts: supply-side platform (SSP); demand-side platform (DSP); Baidu exchange service platform (BES), and data-management platform (DMP).SSP manages media advertising space inventory and optimizes marketing spending by analyzing matching content, target audience and characteristics of different media and platforms. DSP is an integrated sales service platform for advertisers and advertising agents, providing programmatic media buy service. BES is a traffic transaction platform that automatically conducts the advertisement-media buy process on behalf of advertisers using a digital platform. DMP collects data from the various parties in a programmatic buy process and stores, integrates, analyzes and optimizes such data. Its mobile applications for overseas markets include DU Battery Saver, DU Speed Booster, ES File Explorer, Photo Wonder, Simeji and Baidu Browser, among others. Its PC products for overseas markets include Baidu Antivirus, PC Faster, Hao123 and Baidu IME.The Company competes with Tencent, Alibaba, Sohu, Qihoo 360, ByteDance, Elema, Koubei, AutoNavi, Alipay, Weixin Pay, Youku-Tudou, Sohu and Tencent Video.

» Full Overview of BIDU.O







					Company Address



Baidu Inc
Baidu Campus, No. 10, Shangdi10th Street Haidian District,BEIJING   BEJ   100085
P: +8610.59928888F: +8610.59920000







					Company Web Links



Home Page








					Officers & Directors






Name
Compensation




							 Yanhong Li

--




							 Qi Lu

--




							 Xinzhe Li

--




							 Ya-Qin Zhang

--




							 Hailong Xiang

--




» More Officers & Directors





					Baidu Inc News




Exclusive: Baidu, JD.com to join others investing $12 billion in state-owned China Unicom - sources

Jul 21 2017 
Exclusive: Baidu, JD.com to join others investing $12 billion in China Unicom - sources

Jul 21 2017 
Fitch Rates Baidu's Notes Final 'A', On Watch Negative

Jul 21 2017 
Dynamic Yield raises $31 million from Deutsche Telekom Capital Partners, others

Jul 20 2017 
REFILE-Dynamic Yield raises $31 mln from Deutsche Telekom Capital Partners, others

Jul 20 2017 


» More BIDU.O  News
















Related Topics: 
StocksStock ScreenerTechnologyInternet Services












































Baidu – Global Business Unit































Toggle navigation























 






































 
DU Speed Booster

													An essential app to keep your Android running smooth, clean, and secure												

Learn More
Download

































 
DU Battery Saver

													The choice of over 400,000,000 people.
Provides up to 50% more battery life.


Learn More
Download

































 
Facemoji Keyboard

													Amazing emoji keyboard with special Emojis, GIFs, stickers and themes with over 20 million users around the world! 												

Learn More
Download

































 
Photo Wonder

													Create collages & take selfies with real-time filters and beauty features.												

Learn More
Download

































 
ES File Explorer

													Effortlessly access and manage all types of files with ES File Explorer.												

Learn More
Download

































 
DU Caller

													The best caller ID app, which helps you identify unknown numbers and block unwanted calls.												

Learn More
Download

































 
MoboMarket

													Discover your next favorite app!              
Simple, free, & with featured content everyday.												

Learn More
Download








 















Featured Products

						Our award-winning products are enjoyed by hundreds of millions of people worldwide.
					




 
DU Speed Booster





 
DU Battery Saver





 
Facemoji Keyboard





 
Photo Wonder





 
ES File Explorer





 
DU Caller





 
MoboMarket




Load All Products















Read More About Baidu Global



Latest news




 





Baidu’s Facemoji Keyboard Goes Parisian, Adds 3,000+ French Words to its Emoji Dictionary
Keyboard app now automatically suggests emojis for many French words including slang 

BEIJING, May 25, 2017 -- Baidu, Inc. (NASDAQ: BIDU), the leading Chinese language Internet search provider, today announced that its smartphone app Facemoji K
Read More 
Baidu Mobile apps, 2015 study, Usage...





 





Baidu’s DU Ad Platform Brings Video Ads, Trigger Ads, and iOS Support to Mobile Developers and Advertisers
Baidu, Inc. (NASDAQ: BIDU) today announced that its international mobile ad platform DU Ad Platform has significantly bolstered its offerings for developers and advertisers worldwide. In addition to its existing feature set, DU Ad Platform now suppo
Read More 
Baidu Mobile apps, 2015 study, Usage...





 





Booth talk with Baidu: Gaudí, meet China
Every year, thousands of people converge on Barcelona for one of the world’s biggest and glitziest tech conferences: Mobile World Congress. MWC is by all measures an absolutely massive event, almost overwhelming in its scale. Aside from being a pop
Read More 
Baidu Mobile apps, 2015 study, Usage...





 





Baidu offers a big bait for Indian developers
Baidu is going to offer 100 per cent revenue for developers who sign up for the company’s DU Ad platform.
Baidu might be the Internet giant in China, but in India, despite having a bunch of popular Android apps, the leading Chinese-language Intern
Read More 
Baidu Mobile apps, 2015 study, Usage...







 
 



























Baidu Inc (ADR) (BIDU) AI-Enabled Products Making Progress

































































 

About Us
Contact



















 Financials





      		Baidu Inc (ADR) (BIDU) AI-Enabled Products Making Progress      	

            
          Published By News Desk at May 2, 2017 08:40 am          
          

          Accelerating the commercialization of Baidu's AI-enabled products has been Lu Qi's top priority since he took on the leadership role of Baidu in January of this year          

CFO Jennifer Li is taking on the role of becoming the CEO of Baidu Inc. (ADR) (NASDAQ:BIDU) Capital and will no longer serve as Baidu's CFO. 1Q17 earnings beat due to lower-than-expected O2O spending and revenue was largely in line. Core search recovery is ongoing, however the news feed ad product has yet to generate significant revenue. Commercializing AI-enabled products have become the top priority for the new COO Lu Qi but these are still long-term projects. Macquarie retains its Neutral rating and raise its TP to US$189 from US$182. Macquarie's SOTP values core search at US$136 per share, or 12X 2017E PE; the rest (Ctrip, iQiyi, Didi, cash etc.) at US$53 per share.  
1Q17 revenue was in line at RMB16.9bn. Non-GAAP net profit came in at RMB2.39bn and beat consensus by 13.5% due to lower-than-expected O2O spending. Mobile represented 70% of total revenue in 1Q17 vs 67% in the previous Q. NonGAAP OPM was 15.6% in 1Q17 and the firm expects full-year non-GAAP OPM to be 16.3% in 2017 vs 16.7% in 2016. The company guided 2Q17 revenue of RMB20.47-20.98bn, in line with consensus of RMB20.7bn. 
Baidu's core search non-GAAP OPM was 43% in 1Q17, down from 47%-50% in the past four quarters. The decline in core search margin is largely due to the ramp-up of news feed products which requires more content spending than pure search products. Going forward, transaction services will be lumped into core search business as Nuomi monetization transitions from a take-rate model to an advertising model. Macquarie expects core search business (including transaction services) to grow 13% yoy to RMB66.3bn in 2017. 
Accelerating the commercialization of Baidu's AI-enabled products has been Lu Qi's top priority since he took on the leadership role of Baidu in January of this year. The company has identified AI-cloud, financial services, DuerOS, and autonomous driving as the four key areas that have the most potential for applying AI technology. However, these products are still in the early stages and are unlikely to generate significant revenue in the near term.  
CFO Jennifer Li will take on the role of forming Baidu Capital and serving as its CEO. In the meantime, she will step down as Baidu's CFO after nine years in the position. Given the fact that Melissa Ma, Baidu CEO Robin Li's wife, has already returned to Baidu in January as the CEO's special assistant to oversee Baidu’s investment, HR, and finance business segments; Macquarie did not thinks the management change will cause material impact to Baidu's daily operations.





 







Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.







 















                  Blue Apron Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:APRN): Competition Priced In, Large Market Opportunity 












                  General Electric Company (GE): 2Q17 cash improves but still falls short 












                  Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): 2Q Preview, Continued Share Gains 





















Smart Stock News

Authors
 Privacy Policy
 Terms & Conditions
 About Us



RecurMedia Inc.
1712 Pioneer Ave, Suite 871
Cheyenne, WY 82001-4409
info@smartstocknews.com
307-222-4739


FOLLOW US




















          © Copyright | All Right Reserved 2016
        



















Baidu Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback
















baidu inc
Public Company









Company Profile
Sector: Communications
Industry: Media
Sub-Industry: Internet Media
Baidu, Inc. operates an Internet search engine. The Company offers algorithmic search, enterprise search, news, MP3, and image searches, voice assistance, online storage, and navigation services. Baidu serves clients globally.




Corporate Information
Address:

Baidu Campus, No 10
Shangdi 10th Street, Haidian
Beijing, 100085
China


Phone:
86-10-5992-8888


Fax:
86-10-5992-0000


Web url:
www.baidu.com





Board Members




Chairman/CEO/Co-Founder
Company


Li Yanhong
Baidu Inc








Vice Chairman/Group Pres/COO
Company


Qi Lu
Baidu Inc








Board Members
Company


Yuanqing Yang
Lenovo Group Ltd


Ding Jian
Gsr Ventures Management Co Ltd


Brent Callinicos
Hyperloop Technologies Inc


























From The Web












BIDU News


Press Releases




This Is Why China Hasn't Jumped on the Smart Speaker Bandwagon

Jul 16, 2017



Baidu Snags 50-Plus Partners for its Apollo Driverless Car

Jul 05, 2017



Baidu Bond Investors Search for a Story to Believe In

Jun 27, 2017



Chinese Big Five Tech Companies Gain on U.S. Counterparts

Jun 22, 2017



Allen AI Joins Microsoft, Baidu to Help Empower Academic Searches

Jun 20, 2017



Billionaire Draper Shuns China Investments Amid Capital Controls

Jun 06, 2017



Baidu's IQiyi in Talks With Google Amid Content Partnership Push

Jun 08, 2017



Alibaba Earnings: It Fights Baidu and Tencent in Entertainment

May 18, 2017





Baidu and Microsoft join forces in the intelligent cloud to advance autonomous driving

Jul 18, 2017



Baidu and Microsoft join forces in the intelligent cloud to advance autonomous driving

Jul 18, 2017



Baidu and Microsoft join forces in the intelligent cloud to advance autonomous driving

Jul 18, 2017



Baidu to Report Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on July 27, 2017

Jul 14, 2017



Promethean’s ActivPanel Wins Tech & Learning’s ISTE 2017 Best of Show Awards

Jul 11, 2017



Baidu Releases DuerOS Open Platform, Creating an Intelligent Voice Ecosystem for the Industry

Jul 07, 2017



TomTom and Baidu Join Forces to Develop Unified High Definition Maps for Autonomous Driving

Jul 05, 2017



Baidu Announces Pricing of US$1.5 Billion Notes Offering

Jun 28, 2017






Company Videos


China Tightens Grip on Web Firms: Who Will Be Hurt Most?



Baidu Plunges Most Since 2008 After Outlook Falls Short



Baidu Shares Fall After Earnings Miss Estimates



Baidu Has a Tremendous Opportunity Ahead: Guttman





Key Executives


Li Yanhong "Robin"


Chairman/CEO/Co-Founder




Qi Lu


Vice Chairman/Group Pres/COO




Zhang Ya-Qin


President




Xinzhe Li "Jennifer"


CEO:Baidu Capital




Guang Zhu


Senior Vice President




Hailong Xiang


Senior Vice President




Victor Liang


VP/General Counsel




Lu Wang


Vice President




Haifeng Wang


Vice President




Lee Liu


VP:Human Resources & Admin




Sharon Ng


Director:Investor Relations



Show More


Show Less






Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data







































Baidu - Wikipedia






















 






Baidu

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Beidu, Beidou, or Baidul.

Baidu, Inc.





Type of site

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: BIDU
NASDAQ-100 Component


Founded
January 1, 2000; 17 years ago (2000-01-01)


Headquarters
Beijing, China


Area served
Worldwide


Key people
Robin Li (Chairman, CEO) [1]


Industry
Internet


Revenue

 CNY 70.549 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [2]




Operating income

 CNY 10.049 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [2]




Total assets

 CNY 181.997 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [3]




Total equity

 CNY 92.250 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [3]




Employees

(Mar 31, 2016) [4]
43,500


Website
www.baidu.com


Alexa rank
 4 (Global, December 2016[update])[5]







Baidu



Baidu headquarters, Haidian District, Beijing



Chinese
百度





Transcriptions


Standard Mandarin


Hanyu Pinyin
Bǎidù


Gwoyeu Romatzyh
Baeduh


Wade–Giles
Paitu


IPA
[pài.tû]


Wu


Romanization
Bah tu


Yue: Cantonese


Yale Romanization
Baakdoh


IPA
[pāːk.tòu̯]


Jyutping
Baak3 dou6


Southern Min


Hokkien POJ
Pah-to͘








Baidu, Inc. (Chinese: 百度; pinyin: Bǎidù, anglicized /ˈbaɪduː/ "BY-doo"), incorporated on 18 January 2000, is a Chinese web services company headquartered at the Baidu Campus in Beijing's Haidian District.[6] It is one of the largest Internet companies in the world.
Baidu offers many services, including a Chinese search engine for websites, audio files and images. Baidu offers 57 search and community services including Baidu Baike (an online, collaboratively built encyclopedia) and a searchable, keyword-based discussion forum.[7] Baidu was established in 2000 by Robin Li and Eric Xu. Both of the co-founders are Chinese nationals who studied and worked overseas before returning to China. In December 2016[update], Baidu ranked 4th overall in the Alexa Internet rankings.[8]
During Q4 of 2010, it is estimated that there were 4.02 billion search queries in China of which Baidu had a market share of 56.6%. China's Internet-search revenue share in second quarter 2011 by Baidu is 76%.[9] In December 2007, Baidu became the first Chinese company to be included in the NASDAQ-100 index.[10]
As of 2006, Baidu provided an index of over 740 million web pages, 80 million images, and 10 million multimedia files.[11] Baidu offers multimedia content including MP3 music, and movies, and is the first in China to offer Wireless Application Protocol (WAP) and personal digital assistant (PDA)-based mobile search.
Baidu Baike is similar to Wikipedia as an online encyclopedia; however, unlike Wikipedia, only registered users can edit the articles due to Chinese laws. While access to Wikipedia has been intermittently blocked or certain articles filtered in China since June 2004, there is some controversy about the degree to which Baidu cooperates with Chinese government censorship.[12]
The company also hosts a music service, called Baidu Music, that has more than 150 million monthly active users. On 4 December 2015, Baidu announced plans to merge with Taihe Entertainment Group to help the service compete with Apple Inc.'s Apple Music, which Apple plans to make available in China.[13]



Contents


1 Name
2 History

2.1 Early development
2.2 Domain name redirection
2.3 Baidu workers arrested
2.4 91 Wireless acquisition
2.5 2010s announcements


3 Services
4 Advertisements

4.1 Pay for placement (P4P)
4.2 ProTheme
4.3 Baidu TV


5 Baidu Union
6 Competition
7 Research and patents
8 Censorship
9 Controversies

9.1 Death of Wei Zexi
9.2 Commercialization of Tieba


10 See also
11 References
12 Further reading
13 External links



Name[edit]
The name Baidu (百度) literally means "a hundred times", or alternatively, "countless times". It is a quote from the last line of Xin Qiji (辛弃疾)'s classical poem "Green Jade Table in The Lantern Festival" (青玉案·元夕) saying: "Having searched thousands of times in the crowd, suddenly turning back, She is there in the dimmest candlelight." (众里寻他千百度，蓦然回首，那人却在灯火阑珊处。)[14]
History[edit]
Early development[edit]
In 1994, Robin Li (Li Yanhong, 李彦宏) joined IDD Information Services, a New Jersey division of Dow Jones and Company, where he helped develop software for the online edition of the Wall Street Journal.[15] He also worked on developing better algorithms for search engines and remained at IDD Information Services from May 1994 to June 1997.
In 1996, while at IDD, Li developed the RankDex site-scoring algorithm for search engines results page ranking[16][17][18] and received a US patent for the technology.[19] He later used this technology for the Baidu search engine.
In 2000, the company Baidu launched in Beijing, China. The first office was located in a hotel room, which was near Peking University from where Robin graduated.
In 2003, Baidu launched a news search engine and picture search engine, adopting a special identification technology capable of identifying and grouping the articles.[20]
Domain name redirection[edit]
On January 12, 2010, Baidu.com's DNS records in the United States were altered such that browsers to baidu.com were redirected to a website purporting to be the Iranian Cyber Army, thought to be behind the attack on Twitter during the 2009 Iranian election protests, making the proper site unusable for four hours.[21] Internet users were met with a page saying "This site has been attacked by Iranian Cyber Army".[22] Chinese hackers later responded by attacking Iranian websites and leaving messages.[23] Baidu later launched legal action against Register.com for gross negligence after it was revealed that Register.com's technical support staff changed the email address for Baidu.com on the request of an unnamed individual, despite failing security verification procedures. Once the address had been changed, the individual was able to use the forgotten password feature to have Baidu's domain passwords sent directly to them, allowing them to accomplish the domain hijacking.[24][25]
Baidu workers arrested[edit]
On August 6, 2012, the BBC reported that three employees of Baidu were arrested on suspicion that they accepted bribes. The bribes were allegedly paid for deleting posts from the forum service. Four people were fired in connection with these arrests.[26]
91 Wireless acquisition[edit]
On July 16, 2013, Baidu announced its intention to purchase 91 Wireless from NetDragon. 91 Wireless is best known for its app store, but it has been reported that the app store faces piracy and other legal issues.[27] On August 14, 2013, Baidu announced that its wholly owned subsidiary Baidu (Hong Kong) Limited has signed a definitive merger agreement to acquire 91 Wireless Web-soft Limited from NetDragon Web-soft Inc.[28] for $1.85 billion in what was reported to be the biggest deal ever in China's IT sector.[29]
2010s announcements[edit]
On July 31, 2012, Baidu announced they would team up with Sina to provide mobile search results.[30]
On November 18, 2012, Baidu announced that they would be partnering with Qualcomm to offer free cloud storage to Android users with Snapdragon processors.[31]
On August 2, 2013, Baidu launched its Personal Assistant app, designed to help CEOs, managers and the white-collar workers manage their business relationships.[32]
On May 16, 2014, Baidu appointed Dr. Andrew Ng as chief scientist. Dr. Ng will lead Baidu Research in Silicon Valley and Beijing.[33]
On July 18, 2014, the company launched a Brazilian version of the search engine, Baidu Busca.[34]
On October 9, 2014, Baidu announced acquisition of Brazilian local e-commerce site Peixe Urbano.[35]
In April 2017, Baidu announced to launch Apollo project, its self-driving vehicle platform in a bid to help drive the development of autonomous cars including vehicle platform, hardware platform, software platform and cloud data services.[36] Baidu plans to launch this project in July this year, before gradually introducing fully autonomous driving capabilities on highways and open city roads by 2020.[37]
In June 2017, Baidu partnered with Continental and Bosch, auto industry suppliers, on automated driving and connected cars.[38]
Services[edit]
Baidu offers several services[39] to locate information, products and services using Chinese-language search terms, such as, search by Chinese phonetics, advanced search, snapshots, spell checker, stock quotes, news, knows, postbar, images, video and space information, and weather, train and flight schedules and other local information. The user-agent string of Baidu search engine is Baiduspider.[40][41] Also, a Baidu application for Apple's iOS is available.[42]

Baidu Map (百度地图) is a desktop and mobile mapping solution similar to Google Maps, but covering only the Greater China region
Baidu Netdisk (百度网盘), formerly Baidu Cloud (百度云) is a cloud storage service that offers 2 TB of free data storage.[43]
Baidu started its Japanese language search service, run by Baidu Japan, the company's first regular service outside of China.[44] It includes a search bar for web pages and image searches, user help and advanced services.[45] The Japanese search engine closed on March 16, 2015.[46]
Baidu Post Bar (百度贴吧)provides users with a query-based searchable community to exchange views and share knowledge and experiences. It is an online community bound tightly with Baidu's search service.
Baidu News provides links to a selection of local, national and international news, and presents news stories in a searchable format, within minutes of their publication on the Web. Baidu News uses an automated process to display links to related headlines, which enables people to see many different viewpoints on the same story. Chinese government and Chinese industry sources stated that Baidu received a license from Beijing, which allows the search engine to become a full-fledged news website. Thus Baidu is able to provide its own reports, besides showing certain results as a search engine. Baidu is the first Chinese search engine to receive such a license.[47]
Baidu Knows (百度知道) provides users with a query-based searchable community to share knowledge and experience. Through Baidu Knows, registered members of Baidu Knows can post specific questions for other members to respond and also answer questions of other members.
Baidu MP3 Search provides algorithm-generated links to songs and other multimedia files provided by Internet content providers. Baidu started with a popular music search feature called "MP3 Search" and its comprehensive lists of popular Chinese music, Baidu 500, based on download numbers. Baidu locates file formats such as MP3, WMA and SWF. The multimedia search feature is mainly used in searches for Chinese pop music. While such works are copyrighted under Chinese law, Baidu claims on its legal disclaimer that linking to these files does not break Chinese law. This has led other local search engines to follow the practice, including Google China(Hong Kong), which uses an intermediate company called Top100 to offer a similar MP3 Search service.
Baidu Image Search enables users to search millions of images on the Internet. Baidu Image Search offers features such as search by image size and by image file type. Image listings are organized by various categories, which are updated automatically through algorithms.
Baidu Video Search enables users to search for and access through hyperlinks of online video clips that are hosted on third parties’ Websites.
Baidu Space the social networking service of Baidu, allows registered users to create personalized homepages in a query-based searchable community.[48] Registered users can post their Web logs, or blogs, photo album and certain personal information on their homepages and establish their own communities of friends who are also registered users. By July 2009, it had reached 100 million registered users
Baidu Baike, is China's largest online encyclopedia by users and page views/web traffic; second largest encyclopedia by article count (after Hudong).

China Digital Village Encyclopedia (中国数字乡村大百科全书), in June 2009, Baidu announced it would compile the largest digital rural encyclopedia in China, according to China Securities Journal. It is expected to include 500,000 administrative villages in China, covering 80% of the total 600,000 villages in China. Baidu is creating the content of this encyclopedia largely from participants of its "rural information competition" (乡村信息化大赛),[49] on which it has spent roughly five million yuan on incentives. Baidu sees China's rural areas as great potential for electronic business (e-business), evidenced by the fact that revenue grew the fastest from agriculture, forestry, animals, and fishery in the company's keyword promotion project, a crucial source of Baidu's total revenue. In addition to Baidu Encyclopedia, the company scales up keyword promotion and takes advantage of other products, such as Baidu Zhidao and Baidu Youa, to provide consultation, brand ad exhibitions and online network marketing/sales platform support, marketing information for rural tourism and promoting local products.[50]


Baidu Search Ranking provides listings of search terms based on daily search queries entered on Baidu.com. The listings are organized by categories and allow users to locate search terms on topics of interest.
Baidu Web Directory enables users to browse and search through websites that have been organized into categories.
Baidu Government Information Search allows users to search various regulations, rules, notices, and other information announced by People's Republic of China government entities.
Baidu Postal Code Search enables users to search postal codes in hundreds of cities in China.
Educational Website Search allows users to search the Websites of educational institutions. Baidu University Search allows users to search information on or browse through the Websites of specific universities in China
Baidu Legal Search enables users to search a database that contains national and local laws and regulations, cases, legal decisions, and law dictionaries.
Baidu Love is a query-based searchable community where registered users can write and post messages to loved ones.
Baidu Patent Search enables users to search for specific Chinese patents and provides basic patent information in the search results, including the patent's name, application number, filing date, issue date, inventor information and brief description of the patent.
Baidu Games is an online channel that allows users to search or browse through game-related news and content.
Baidu-Hexun Finance, a financial information Website,[51] with partner Hexun.com, a financial information service provider in China with news reporting and securities consulting licenses. Users can search or browse through economic and financial news, information relating to personal wealth management and related market statistics.
Baidu Statistics Search enables users to search statistics that have been published by the Government of the People's Republic of China
Baidu Entertainment is an online channel for entertainment-related news and content. Users can search or browse through news and other information relating to specific stars, movies, television series and music.
Baidu Tongji is Baidu's web analytics platform. It provides users with many reports about visitors to their website, such as a report on the source of visitors to their website, a user demographics report, reports on content viewed on site, and a heat map report.[52]
Baidu Dictionary provides users with lookup and text translation services between Chinese and English.
Baidu Youa, an online shopping/e-commerce platform through which businesses can sell their products and services at Baidu-registered stores.[53]
Baidu Desktop Search, a free, downloadable software, which enables users to search all files saved on their computer without launching a Web browser.
Baidu Sobar, a free, downloadable software, displayed on a browser's tool bar and makes the search function available on every Web page that a user browses.
Baidu Wireless provides various services for mobile phones, including a Chinese-input front end processor (FEP) for various popular operating systems including Android, Symbian S60v5, and Windows Mobile.
Baidu Anti-Virus offers anti-virus software products and computer virus-related news.
Baidu Safety Center, launched in 2008, provides users with free virus scanning, system repair and online security evaluations
Baidu Internet TV (known as Baidu Movies) allows users to search, watch and download free movies, television series, cartoons, and other programs hosted on its servers
Chinese-language voice assistant search services for Chinese speakers visiting Japan was launched in 2008, with partner Japanese personal handy-phone system operator Willcom Inc.
Discovery Networks Asia-Pacific,[54] joint venture with Discovery Communications, focusing on science, technology, space, natural history, engineering, paleontology, archaeology, history, and culture.
Baidu Index (known as Baidu Zhishu) allows users to look up the search volume and trend for certain hot keywords and phrases. It can serve as a Baidu keyword research tool.[55]
Baidu Bookmarks (known as Baidu Soucang) is a social bookmarking service supported by Baidu.com
Baidu Browser is a web browser first released[56] as a beta in July 2011.[57] It has been noted that the user interface looks very similar to Google Chrome/Chromium.[58]
Baidu Yi is a smartphone operating system based on Android OS, announced in September 2011.[59]
Baidu Library is an open online platform for users to share documents. All the documents in Baidu Library are uploaded by the users and Baidu does not edit or change the documents. Users can read and download lecture notes, exercises, sample exams, presentation slides, materials of various subjects, variety of documents templates, etc. However, it is not completely free. In order to download some documents, users should have enough Baidu points to cover the points asked by the uploaders. Users could gain Baidu points by making contribution to Baidu Library and other users, such as uploading documents, categorizing documents, evaluating documents, etc.[60]
Baidu Experience is a product of Baidu primarily focusing on supporting the users with practical problems. In other words, it helps the users to solve the "how to do" problem. It was launched in October 2010. In architecture, Baidu Experience has integrated and reformatted Baidu Encyclopedia and Baike Knows. The first difference between Baidu Experience and Baidu Knows is that the former concentrates on specific "how to do" problems while the later contains a wider range of problems. The second difference is that users could share their experience without being asked on Baidu Experience.[61]
Baidu around You is a searching and sharing platform aiming at supporting the users with making their consumption decisions. There are currently 7 main categories of information on Baidu around You, including food, shopping, recreation, hotels, fitness, beauty and traveling. In addition, Baidu around You provides the users with convenient services and local information, partially coming from the users and searchable by cities.[62]
Qunar (Qunar Cayman Islands Limited), travel-booking service controlled by Baidu. As of 2013, Qunar had 31.4 million active users and raised $167 Million at its initial public offering that year.[63] It is listed at NASDAQ: QUNR[64]
Baidu Duer: Another addition to the family of virtual assistants.[65]
Baidu Zhanzhang: The free suite of webmaster tools offered by Baidu.[66][67]

Advertisements[edit]
Baidu's primary advertising product is called Baidu Tuiguang and is similar to Google Adwords and Adsense. It is a pay per click advertising platform that allows advertisers to have their ads shown in Baidu search results pages and on other websites that are part of Baidu Union.
Baidu sells its advertising products via a network of resellers.[68]
Baidu's web administrative tools are all in Chinese, which makes it tough for non-Chinese speakers to use. Recently, a third-party company began to develop a tool with an English-language interface for Baidu advertising programs.[69][70]
Moreover, the service may only be used by advertisers with a registered business address in China or in several other East Asian countries.[71]
Pay for placement (P4P)[edit]
Baidu focuses on generating revenues primarily from online marketing services. Baidu's pay for placement (P4P) platform enables its customers to reach users who search for information related to their products or services. Customers use automated online tools to create text-based descriptions of their web pages and bid on keywords that trigger the display of their webpage information and link. Baidu's P4P platform features an automated online sign-up process that customers use to activate their accounts at any time. The P4P platform is an online marketplace that introduces Internet search users to customers who bid for priority placement in the search results. Baidu also uses third-party distributors to sell some of its online marketing services to end customers and offers discounts to these distributors in consideration of their services.
Baidu offers certain consultative services, such as keyword suggestions, account management and performance reporting. Baidu suggests synonyms and associated phrases to use as keywords or text in search listings. These suggestions can improve clickthrough rates of the customer's listing and increase the likelihood that a user will enter into a transaction with the customer. Baidu also provides online daily reports of the number of clickthroughs, clicked keywords and the total costs incurred, as well as statistical reports organized by geographic region.[citation needed]
ProTheme[edit]
Baidu offers ProTheme services to some of its Baidu Union members, which enable these members to display on their properties its customers' promotional links that are relevant to the subject and content of such members' properties. Baidu generates revenues from ProTheme services based on the number of clicks on its customers' links and share the revenues with its Baidu Union members in accordance with pre-agreed terms. Baidu's fixed-ranking services allow customers to display query-sensitive text links at a designated location on its search results pages. Its Targetizement services enable customers to reach their targeted Internet users by displaying their advertisements only when their targeted Internet users browse Baidu's certain Web pages.
Baidu TV[edit]
Baidu operates its advertising service, Baidu TV, in partnership with Ads it! Media Corporation, an online advertising agency and technology company. Baidu TV provides advertisers access to the websites of its Baidu Union members, allowing advertisers to choose Websites on which they post their video advertisements with the aid of its advertisement targeting and matching system. It also offers a brand advertising service, Brand-Link. In June 2008, Baidu launched My Marketing Center, a customized platform integrating industry information, market trends and business, and industry news and reports to assist existing customers in their sales and marketing efforts. Other forms of its online advertising services allow customers to display query sensitive and non-query sensitive advertisements on its websites, including graphical advertisements.
Baidu Union[edit]
Baidu Union consists of several third-party websites and software applications.[72] Union members incorporate a Baidu search box or toolbar and match its sponsored links with the content on their properties. Their users can conduct search via the Baidu search box or toolbar and can click the sponsored links located on their properties. Baidu has also launched programs through which it displays the online advertising of its customers on Baidu Union websites, and share the fees generated by these advertisements with the owners of these Baidu Union websites. As of May 2011, there were 230 thousand partner websites that displayed Baidu Union ads on their websites.[73]
Competition[edit]
Baidu[74] competes with 360 Search (www.so.com), Sogou Search (www.sogou.com), Yahoo! China, Microsoft's Bing and MSN Messenger, Sina, Wikipedia, NetEase's Youdao, Tencent's Soso.com and PaiPai, Alibaba's Taobao, TOM Online, and EachNet.
Baidu is the No. 1 search engine in China, controlling 63 percent of China's market share as of January 2010, according to iResearch.[75] The number of Internet users in China had reached 705 million by the end of 2015, according to a report by the internetlivestats.com.[76]
In an August 2010 Wall Street Journal article,[77] Baidu played down its benefit from Google's having moved its China search service to Hong Kong, but Baidu's share of revenue in China's search-advertising market grew six percentage points in the second quarter to 70%, according to Beijing-based research firm Analysys International.
It is also evident that Baidu is attempting to enter the Internet social network market. As of 2011[update], it is discussing the possibility of working with Facebook, which would lead to a Chinese version of the international social network, managed by Baidu.[78] This plan, if executed, would face off Baidu with competition from the three popular Chinese social networks Qzone, Renren[79] and Kaixin001[80] as well as induce rivalry with instant-messaging giant, Tencent QQ.[81]
On February 22, 2012, Hudong submitted a complaint to the State Administration for Industry and Commerce asking for a review of the behavior of Baidu, accusing it of being monopolistic.[82]
On January 9, 2013, Baidu was still number one in the market, with 64.5% of the users, the closest competitor, Qihoo 360, who launched its own search engine in August, has already taken hold of 10.2% users. Following are Google and Sogou.[83]
By August 2014, Baidu's search market share in China has dropped to 56.3%, where Qihoo 360, its closest competitor who has rebranded its search engine as so.com, has increased its market share to 29.0%, according to report from CNZZ.com.[84]
In February 2015, Baidu was alleged to use anticompetitive tactics in Brazil against the Brazilian online security firm PSafe and Qihoo 360 (the largest investor of PSafe).[85][86]
Research and patents[edit]
Baidu has started to invest in deep learning research and is integrating new deep learning technology into some of its apps and products, including Phoenix Nest. Phoenix Nest is Baidu's ad-bidding platform.[87]
In April 2012 Baidu applied for a patent for its "DNA copyright recognition" technology. This technology automatically scans files that are uploaded by Internet users, and recognizes and filters out content that may violate copyright law. This allows Baidu to offer an infringement-free platform.[88][89]
Baidu has applied for a utility patent in the UK, for its proprietary site-wise search technology which is currently available in China.[citation needed]
Censorship[edit]
According to the China Digital Times, Baidu has a long history of being the most proactive and restrictive online censor in the search arena. Documents leaked in April 2009 from an employee in Baidu's internal monitoring and censorship department show a long list of blocked websites and censored topics on Baidu search.[90]
In May 2011, activists sued Baidu in the United States for violating the U.S. constitution by the censorship it conducts in accord with the demand of the Chinese government.[91] A U.S. judge has ruled[92] that the Chinese search engine Baidu has the right to block pro-democracy works from its query results, dismissing a lawsuit that sought to punish the company for Internet censorship.[citation needed]
Controversies[edit]
Baidu's reviews are mixed for in many fields and it is controversial. The examples are promoting and commercialization of Baidu Tieba.
Death of Wei Zexi[edit]
Main article: Death of Wei Zexi
In May 2016, Baidu's P4P search results reportedly caused the death of a student who tried an experimental cancer therapy he found online. The 21-year-old college student was named Wèi Zéxī (魏则西), who studied in Xidian University. Wei was diagnosed with synovial sarcoma, a rare form of cancer. He found the Second Hospital of the Beijing Armed Police Corps (武警北京市总队第二医院) through the search engine Baidu, on which the hospital had been promoting itself. The treatment proved to be unsuccessful.[citation needed]
After Wei's family spent around 200,000 yuan (around 31,150 USD) for treatment in the hospital, Wei Zexi died on April 12, 2016. The incident triggered massive online discussions after Wei's death. The fact that Baidu valued money way more than life kindled nationwide rage.[93] On May 2, 2016, Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC), the top watchdog for China's Internet space, dispatched a team of investigators to Baidu.[94] The case is still ongoing. One report claimed medical advertising makes up for 30% of Baidu's ad revenue, much of which comes from for-profit hospitals that belong to the "Putian Network", a collection of hospitals across the country founded by medical entrepreneurs associated with the Putian region of Fujian province.[95] The investigation led Chinese regulators to impose several restrictions on Baidu, including adding disclaimers to promotional content and establishing channels for complaints about Baidu services.[96]
Commercialization of Tieba[edit]
Baidu sold the hemophilia online community, one of the communities of Tieba, to unqualified hospitals. In January 2016, Baidu announced that it will stop selling all of its illness-related Tieba.[97]
See also[edit]

Software industry in China
China Software Industry Association
Intellectual property in the People's Republic of China
Censorship of the internet in China



China portal
Beijing portal
Companies portal
Internet portal


References[edit]


^ "Baidu - Investors - Management". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ a b "Baidu - Investors - Press Releases". Retrieved April 4, 2017. 
^ a b http://ir.baidu.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=188488&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=2248999
^ "Baidu - Investors - Investor FAQs". Retrieved Feb 14, 2017. 
^ "Baidu.com Site Overview". Alexa Internet. Retrieved December 28, 2016. 
^ "IR Contacts." Baidu. Retrieved on December 27, 2010. "Address: Baidu Campus, No. 10, Shangdi 10th Street, Haidian District, Beijing 100085 People's Republic of China."
^ "Baidu's 57 Products/Services: Introduction and History". China Analyst (CNAnalyst.com). 
^ "Alexa Top 500 Global Sites". Retrieved December 20, 2014. 
^ "The China Perspective, "China Economic Watch"".  }
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C. (December 10, 2007). "Search site moves at the speed of China". Los Angeles Times. 
^ "MSN Money – BIDU". MSN Money. Archived from the original on May 1, 2006. Retrieved 2006-05-11. 
^ Branigan, Tania. "Google to end censorship in China over cyber-attacks". Guardian. Retrieved 3 February 2014. 
^ "Baidu Music to merge with Taihe to take on Apple Music in China". Digital Market Asia. DMA News Desk. December 4, 2015. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ "The Baidu Story". Baidu. 
^ "Robin Li's vision powers Baidu's Internet search dominance", Taipei Times, September 17i, 2006.
^ Greenberg, Andy, "The Man Who's Beating Google", Forbes magazine, October 5, 2009
^ Yanhong Li, "Toward a Qualitative Search Engine," IEEE Internet Computing, vol. 2, no. 4, pp. 24–29, July/Aug. 1998, doi:10.1109/4236.707687
^ "About: RankDex", rankdex.com
^ USPTO, "Hypertext Document Retrieval System and Method", US Patent number: 5920859, Inventor: Yanhong Li, Filing date: Feb 5, 1997, Issue date: Jul 6, 1999
^ "Baidu Launched News Search Engine and Pictures Search Engine". 
^ "Baidu hacked by 'Iranian cyber army'". BBC News. 2010-01-12. Archived from the original on January 13, 2010. Retrieved 2010-01-12. 
^ "China's top search engine Baidu hacked". People's Daily. January 12, 2010. 
^ Branigan, Tania (January 12, 2010). "'Iranian' hackers paralyse Chinese search engine Baidu". The Guardian. London. 
^ Back, Aaron. "Baidu Sues Register.com, Alleges Negligence in Hacking Attack". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu: Registrar 'incredibly' changed our e-mail for hacker," Computer World, February 24, 2010. Accessed December 13, 2010.
^ "BBC News - Baidu workers arrested for 'deleting posts for money'". Bbc.co.uk. 2012-08-06. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Hsu, Alex (16 Jul 2013). "91 Wireless’ App Store Has Piracy and Other Legal Issues". BrightWire News. 
^ Baidu Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire NetDragon's Subsidiary 91 Wireless,Baidu Press Releases, August 14, 2013
^ Paul Carsten (14 August 2013). "Baidu says agrees to buy Netdragon's 91 Wireless for $1.85 billion". Reuters. 
^ "Sina and Baidu team up in China to focus on mobile". bbc.co.uk. July 31, 2012. 
^ "Baidu and Qualcomm partner to offer free cloud storage". Geeks Hut. 2012-11-19. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Baidu Launch Personal Assistant App for Android Phones,CHINA INTERNET WATCH, August 6, 2013
^ "Baidu Opens Silicon Valley Lab, Appoints Andrew Ng as Head of Baidu Research". PRNewswire.com. Retrieved 2017-06-03. 
^ Paul Bischoff (2014-07-18). "China web giant Baidu launches search engine in Brazil". Tech In Asia. Retrieved 2014-08-04. 
^ "China's Baidu buys control of Brazil's Peixe Urbano in expansion push". Reuters. 2014-12-04. 
^ Jon Russell (18 April 2017). "Baidu is making its self-driving car platform freely available to the automotive industry". TechCrunch. Retrieved 19 April 2017. 
^ Sangameswaran S (19 April 2017). "Baidu to launch self-driving car technology in July". REUTERS. Retrieved 19 April 2017. 
^ Darrell Etherington (1 June 2017). [  https://techcrunch.com/2017/06/01/baidu-teams-up-with-bosch-and-continental-on-self-driving-tech "Baidu teams up with Bosch and Continental on self-driving tech"] Check |url= value (help). TechCrunch. Retrieved 1 June 2017.  line feed character in |url= at position 2 (help)
^ "Baidu - Investors - Products". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "关于baiduspider". baidu.com. March 18, 2009. 
^ "Baiduspider User-Agent String". httpuseragent.org. March 17, 2009. 
^ "手机百度-海量新闻、上网最快、团购电影票最优惠的搜索 on the App Store". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Baidu Yun official website. Retrieved 2014-04-23.(in Chinese)
^ "Baidu Japan". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "China's Google in Japan". Infoniac.com. March 23, 2007. 
^ "After 8 years of failing, Baidu shuts Japan search engine". Tech IN Asia. April 17, 2015. 
^ "Google's Lookalike is Expanding in China". Gadget4boys.com. January 23, 2007. 
^ "百度Hi官网". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "xiangcun.baidu.com". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu will compile the rural digital Encyclopedia - BIC". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "百度新闻搜索——全球最大的中文新闻平台". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Lawton, Tait. "A Thorough Guide to Baidu Analytics (Baidu Tongji)". 
^ "Youa.com". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Discovery探索频道中文网". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Baidu keyword research tool.
^ "百度浏览器". Liulanqi.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ China's Baidu Joins Browser Battle, Wall Street Journal, July 20, 2011
^ Baidu's New Browser Looks Strikingly Familiar, China Real Time Report – WSJ, July 19, 2011
^ "Baidu Looks To Leapfrog Google With Cloud-Based Mobile OS (Update)". TechCrunch. September 2, 2011. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ "百度文库_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "百度经验_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. 2011-06-22. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "百度身边_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Fox Hu and Belinda Cao. Published Nov 2, 2013. Baidu's Qunar Rises After $167 Million IPO Exceeds Target. Bloomberg L.P.. Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ Qunar Cayman Islands Ltd Bloomberg L.P.. Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ http://blog.codexify.com/2015/09/bynow-you-all-must-be-familiar-with.html
^ "百度站长平台_让网站更具价值". zhanzhang.baidu.com. Retrieved 2015-09-21. 
^ "Baidu 101: An Overview of Baidu Webmaster Tools". Retrieved 2015-09-21. 
^ Lawton, Tait. "Baidu Pay Per Click: 7 Tips for a Successful Campaign". SearchEngineJournal.com. 
^ "Glogou Launches New Tools To Help Businesses Build Their Online Presence (And Ad Campaigns) In China". TechCrunch. 2012-11-06. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ 作者：清辰 (2012-11-07). "不懂中文没关系 Glogou帮助外企进军中国_互联网_科技时代_新浪网". Tech.sina.com.cn. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "Manage Baidu Ppc Registration". April 27, 2012. 
^ "百度联盟-让合作伙伴更强". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Lin, Susan. "Baidu's Content Network - Baidu Union". NanjingMarketingGroup.com. NanjingMarketingGroup.com. 
^ Statistics on Baidu's Annual Revenue, Baidu. March 2013.
^ Barboza, David (January 13, 2010). "Baidu's Gain from Departure Could Be China's Loss". The New York Times. 
^ "China Internet Users". 
^ Fletcher, Owen (August 3, 2010). "Baidu's CEO Pursues Long-Term Growth". Wall Street Journal. 
^ 传百度与Facebook签合作协议 – Baidu signed a cooperation agreement with Facebook, ThinkingChinese, April 14, 2011
^ "人人网，中国领先的实名制SNS社交网络。加入人人网，找到老同学，结识新朋友。". 
^ "开心网". 
^ Baidu and QQ aren't willing to remain outside the Chinese Social Network market, ThinkingChinese, April 2011
^ Yang, Yang (杨阳 Yáng Yáng). Translated by Guo Wei. "China's "Wikipedia" Submits Complaint about Baidu ." (Archive) The Economic Observer. March 4, 2011. Issue 508, Corporation, Page 28. Retrieved on October 26, 2012. Original article: "百度：我是大哥 我不叫度娘." Febinframe.php Archive])
^ "SEO in China - Top Innovative Agency". January 9, 2013. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Research, China Stock (September 1, 2014). "China Search Engine Market Share - August 2014". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Ruvolo, Julie. "Brazil Becomes A New Front In The Battle Between Baidu And Qihoo". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu's Alleged Anticompetitive Tactics in Brazil". April 14, 2015. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Hsu, Alex (15 July 2013). "Baidu Using Deep-Learning Technology to Boost Phoenix Nest Revenue". BrightWire News. 
^ [1] Archived February 18, 2015, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Baidu Applies for DNA Copyright Recognition Technology Patent". BrightWire. 
^ Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (1), Xiao Qiang, China Digital Times, April 30, 2009
Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (2)
Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (3)
^ Jonathan Stempel, "China, Baidu Sued In U.S. For Internet Censorship", Reuters, May 19, 2011.
^ "Zhang et al v. Baidu.Com Inc. et al". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Commentary: Death of college student raises questions on Baidu's ethics, People's Daily, 2016
^ China Focus: Investigation into Baidu after student death, Xinhua News Agency, 2016
^ Baidu, China's version of Google, is "evil," a growing number of users say, Quartz, 2016
^ China Orders Baidu to Revamp Advertising Results in Online Searches, The Wall Street Journal
^ Baidu to halt commercialization of Tieba health forums, China Daily, 2016


Further reading[edit]

Lee, Melanie (January 19, 2010). "NEWSMAKER-Baidu founder rules China's Web with pragmatism". Reuters.
Udeze, Chuka (March 26, 2012). Baidu Search to be Integrated by Apple on iOS Devices.
Kohout, Martin (October 30, 2014). "Spyware Baidu to Sony Xperia smartphones". FreeBit.cz.

External links[edit]
 Media related to Baidu at Wikimedia Commons

Official website



Business data for Baidu: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Baidu






Baidu Search Engine
Baidu News
Baidu MP3
Baidu Images
Baidu Video
Baidu Tieba
Baidu Zhidao
Baidu Maps
Baidu Space
Baidu Baike
Baidu Hi
Baidu Guoxue
Baidu Toolbar
Baidu Patents
Baidu Youa
Baifubao
Baidu 500
Hao123
Baidu Wenku
Baidu Yi
iQiyi

PPS.tv


Baidu Music










Links to related articles











v
t
e


Major Chinese Web portals






Baidu.com
NetEase [163.com]
Phoenix TV [ifeng.com]
Sina.com
Sohu.com
Tencent [qq.com]
TOM Online [tom.com]
R&C Media Group, Inc












v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx












v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecom
China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Web search engines



Active



AOL
Ahmia
Ask.com
Baidu
Bing
Blackle
Dogpile
DuckDuckGo
Ecosia
Exalead
Excite
GenieKnows
Gigablast
GoodSearch
Google
Info.com
Ixquick
Lycos
Naver
Qwant
Parsijoo
Picollator
SAPO
Scout
Seznam.cz
Sogou
Soso.com
Sputnik
Startpage
WebCrawler
YaCy
Yahoo!
Yandex
Yooz
Youdao





Inactive



A9.com
Aliweb
AlltheWeb
AltaVista
Blekko
Boogami
Cuil
Empas
Forestle
Go.com
Inktomi
JumpStation
LeapFish
Mugurdy
Northern Light
Powerset
Scroogle
SearchMe
Teoma
Viewzi
Vivisimo
Volunia
W3Catalog
Wikiseek
Yebol








Complete list
Comparison












v
t
e


Instant messaging



Protocols
(comparison)





Open




IMPP
IRC
Matrix
MTProto
RetroShare
Signal Protocol
SIP

MSRP
SIMPLE


Tox
XMPP

Jingle
WFP


Zephyr
DDP






Closed




MSNP
OSCAR

TOC


Skype
YMSG








Services



AIM
BAND
BlackBerry Messenger
Discord
Facebook Messenger
Google Allo
Google Hangouts
Google Talk
GroupMe
Hike Messenger
HipChat
ICQ
iGap
iMessage
IRC Networks
KakaoTalk
Kik
Libon
Line
Microsoft Messenger service
Nimbuzz
ooVoo
Palringo
Signal
Skype
Skype Qik
Slack
Snapchat
Tango
Telegram
QQ
Threema
Tox
Upptalk
Viber
WeChat
WhatsApp
Windows Messenger service
Yahoo! Messenger





Clients
(comparison)





Single protocol




Allo
AIM
Baidu Hi
BlackBerry Messenger
CSipSimple
Facebook Messenger
FaceTime
Fetion
Gadu-Gadu
GroupMe
IBM Sametime
ICQ
IMVU
Linphone
Palringo
RetroShare
Ricochet
Ring
Signal
Skype
Telegram
Tencent QQ
Tox
WeChat
WhatsApp
Wire
Wickr
Yahoo! Messenger






Multi-protocol




Adium
Ayttm
BitlBee
Centericq
eBuddy
Empathy
Fire
Gizmo5
Instantbird
Jitsi
Kopete
Messages/iChat
Miranda IM
Nimbuzz
Pidgin
QIP 2010
Skype for Business
Trillian
Telepathy
Upptalk
Xfire






XMPP (Jabber)




Bombus
ChatSecure
Conversations
Facebook Chat
Gajim
Google Talk
Psi
Tkabber
Spark






MSNP




aMSN
emesene
Windows Live Messenger
Windows Messenger
Skype








See also



Backchannel
Buddy profile
Chat log
Chatbot
Contact list
Emoticon
File sharing
Instant message service center
LAN messenger
Mobile instant messaging
Presence information
Shoutbox
SMS language
Status message
Videotelephony
Voice over IP
Webcam
Web chat
Circuit
eXo Platform
FirstClass
Flock
Fuze Box
Glip
Hall.com
Lua
Yammer















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Baidu&oldid=792078152"					
Categories: BaiduCompanies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQInternet search enginesChinese websitesOnline companiesInternet properties established in 2000Science and technology in the People's Republic of ChinaInternet companies of ChinaSoftware companies of ChinaMultinational companies headquartered in China2000 establishments in ChinaNotorious marketsChinese brandsChinese companies established in 2000Hidden categories: CS1 errors: invisible charactersPages with URL errorsArticles with Chinese-language external linksWebarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from July 2013Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from December 2016All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing Chinese-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2016Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011Articles with unsourced statements from April 2013Articles with unsourced statements from July 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡქართულიMagyarമലയാളംNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSlovenčinaSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt文言粵語中文डोटेली 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 09:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Baidu - Wikipedia






















 






Baidu

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Beidu, Beidou, or Baidul.

Baidu, Inc.





Type of site

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: BIDU
NASDAQ-100 Component


Founded
January 1, 2000; 17 years ago (2000-01-01)


Headquarters
Beijing, China


Area served
Worldwide


Key people
Robin Li (Chairman, CEO) [1]


Industry
Internet


Revenue

 CNY 70.549 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [2]




Operating income

 CNY 10.049 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [2]




Total assets

 CNY 181.997 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [3]




Total equity

 CNY 92.250 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [3]




Employees

(Mar 31, 2016) [4]
43,500


Website
www.baidu.com


Alexa rank
 4 (Global, December 2016[update])[5]







Baidu



Baidu headquarters, Haidian District, Beijing



Chinese
百度





Transcriptions


Standard Mandarin


Hanyu Pinyin
Bǎidù


Gwoyeu Romatzyh
Baeduh


Wade–Giles
Paitu


IPA
[pài.tû]


Wu


Romanization
Bah tu


Yue: Cantonese


Yale Romanization
Baakdoh


IPA
[pāːk.tòu̯]


Jyutping
Baak3 dou6


Southern Min


Hokkien POJ
Pah-to͘








Baidu, Inc. (Chinese: 百度; pinyin: Bǎidù, anglicized /ˈbaɪduː/ "BY-doo"), incorporated on 18 January 2000, is a Chinese web services company headquartered at the Baidu Campus in Beijing's Haidian District.[6] It is one of the largest Internet companies in the world.
Baidu offers many services, including a Chinese search engine for websites, audio files and images. Baidu offers 57 search and community services including Baidu Baike (an online, collaboratively built encyclopedia) and a searchable, keyword-based discussion forum.[7] Baidu was established in 2000 by Robin Li and Eric Xu. Both of the co-founders are Chinese nationals who studied and worked overseas before returning to China. In December 2016[update], Baidu ranked 4th overall in the Alexa Internet rankings.[8]
During Q4 of 2010, it is estimated that there were 4.02 billion search queries in China of which Baidu had a market share of 56.6%. China's Internet-search revenue share in second quarter 2011 by Baidu is 76%.[9] In December 2007, Baidu became the first Chinese company to be included in the NASDAQ-100 index.[10]
As of 2006, Baidu provided an index of over 740 million web pages, 80 million images, and 10 million multimedia files.[11] Baidu offers multimedia content including MP3 music, and movies, and is the first in China to offer Wireless Application Protocol (WAP) and personal digital assistant (PDA)-based mobile search.
Baidu Baike is similar to Wikipedia as an online encyclopedia; however, unlike Wikipedia, only registered users can edit the articles due to Chinese laws. While access to Wikipedia has been intermittently blocked or certain articles filtered in China since June 2004, there is some controversy about the degree to which Baidu cooperates with Chinese government censorship.[12]
The company also hosts a music service, called Baidu Music, that has more than 150 million monthly active users. On 4 December 2015, Baidu announced plans to merge with Taihe Entertainment Group to help the service compete with Apple Inc.'s Apple Music, which Apple plans to make available in China.[13]



Contents


1 Name
2 History

2.1 Early development
2.2 Domain name redirection
2.3 Baidu workers arrested
2.4 91 Wireless acquisition
2.5 2010s announcements


3 Services
4 Advertisements

4.1 Pay for placement (P4P)
4.2 ProTheme
4.3 Baidu TV


5 Baidu Union
6 Competition
7 Research and patents
8 Censorship
9 Controversies

9.1 Death of Wei Zexi
9.2 Commercialization of Tieba


10 See also
11 References
12 Further reading
13 External links



Name[edit]
The name Baidu (百度) literally means "a hundred times", or alternatively, "countless times". It is a quote from the last line of Xin Qiji (辛弃疾)'s classical poem "Green Jade Table in The Lantern Festival" (青玉案·元夕) saying: "Having searched thousands of times in the crowd, suddenly turning back, She is there in the dimmest candlelight." (众里寻他千百度，蓦然回首，那人却在灯火阑珊处。)[14]
History[edit]
Early development[edit]
In 1994, Robin Li (Li Yanhong, 李彦宏) joined IDD Information Services, a New Jersey division of Dow Jones and Company, where he helped develop software for the online edition of the Wall Street Journal.[15] He also worked on developing better algorithms for search engines and remained at IDD Information Services from May 1994 to June 1997.
In 1996, while at IDD, Li developed the RankDex site-scoring algorithm for search engines results page ranking[16][17][18] and received a US patent for the technology.[19] He later used this technology for the Baidu search engine.
In 2000, the company Baidu launched in Beijing, China. The first office was located in a hotel room, which was near Peking University from where Robin graduated.
In 2003, Baidu launched a news search engine and picture search engine, adopting a special identification technology capable of identifying and grouping the articles.[20]
Domain name redirection[edit]
On January 12, 2010, Baidu.com's DNS records in the United States were altered such that browsers to baidu.com were redirected to a website purporting to be the Iranian Cyber Army, thought to be behind the attack on Twitter during the 2009 Iranian election protests, making the proper site unusable for four hours.[21] Internet users were met with a page saying "This site has been attacked by Iranian Cyber Army".[22] Chinese hackers later responded by attacking Iranian websites and leaving messages.[23] Baidu later launched legal action against Register.com for gross negligence after it was revealed that Register.com's technical support staff changed the email address for Baidu.com on the request of an unnamed individual, despite failing security verification procedures. Once the address had been changed, the individual was able to use the forgotten password feature to have Baidu's domain passwords sent directly to them, allowing them to accomplish the domain hijacking.[24][25]
Baidu workers arrested[edit]
On August 6, 2012, the BBC reported that three employees of Baidu were arrested on suspicion that they accepted bribes. The bribes were allegedly paid for deleting posts from the forum service. Four people were fired in connection with these arrests.[26]
91 Wireless acquisition[edit]
On July 16, 2013, Baidu announced its intention to purchase 91 Wireless from NetDragon. 91 Wireless is best known for its app store, but it has been reported that the app store faces piracy and other legal issues.[27] On August 14, 2013, Baidu announced that its wholly owned subsidiary Baidu (Hong Kong) Limited has signed a definitive merger agreement to acquire 91 Wireless Web-soft Limited from NetDragon Web-soft Inc.[28] for $1.85 billion in what was reported to be the biggest deal ever in China's IT sector.[29]
2010s announcements[edit]
On July 31, 2012, Baidu announced they would team up with Sina to provide mobile search results.[30]
On November 18, 2012, Baidu announced that they would be partnering with Qualcomm to offer free cloud storage to Android users with Snapdragon processors.[31]
On August 2, 2013, Baidu launched its Personal Assistant app, designed to help CEOs, managers and the white-collar workers manage their business relationships.[32]
On May 16, 2014, Baidu appointed Dr. Andrew Ng as chief scientist. Dr. Ng will lead Baidu Research in Silicon Valley and Beijing.[33]
On July 18, 2014, the company launched a Brazilian version of the search engine, Baidu Busca.[34]
On October 9, 2014, Baidu announced acquisition of Brazilian local e-commerce site Peixe Urbano.[35]
In April 2017, Baidu announced to launch Apollo project, its self-driving vehicle platform in a bid to help drive the development of autonomous cars including vehicle platform, hardware platform, software platform and cloud data services.[36] Baidu plans to launch this project in July this year, before gradually introducing fully autonomous driving capabilities on highways and open city roads by 2020.[37]
In June 2017, Baidu partnered with Continental and Bosch, auto industry suppliers, on automated driving and connected cars.[38]
Services[edit]
Baidu offers several services[39] to locate information, products and services using Chinese-language search terms, such as, search by Chinese phonetics, advanced search, snapshots, spell checker, stock quotes, news, knows, postbar, images, video and space information, and weather, train and flight schedules and other local information. The user-agent string of Baidu search engine is Baiduspider.[40][41] Also, a Baidu application for Apple's iOS is available.[42]

Baidu Map (百度地图) is a desktop and mobile mapping solution similar to Google Maps, but covering only the Greater China region
Baidu Netdisk (百度网盘), formerly Baidu Cloud (百度云) is a cloud storage service that offers 2 TB of free data storage.[43]
Baidu started its Japanese language search service, run by Baidu Japan, the company's first regular service outside of China.[44] It includes a search bar for web pages and image searches, user help and advanced services.[45] The Japanese search engine closed on March 16, 2015.[46]
Baidu Post Bar (百度贴吧)provides users with a query-based searchable community to exchange views and share knowledge and experiences. It is an online community bound tightly with Baidu's search service.
Baidu News provides links to a selection of local, national and international news, and presents news stories in a searchable format, within minutes of their publication on the Web. Baidu News uses an automated process to display links to related headlines, which enables people to see many different viewpoints on the same story. Chinese government and Chinese industry sources stated that Baidu received a license from Beijing, which allows the search engine to become a full-fledged news website. Thus Baidu is able to provide its own reports, besides showing certain results as a search engine. Baidu is the first Chinese search engine to receive such a license.[47]
Baidu Knows (百度知道) provides users with a query-based searchable community to share knowledge and experience. Through Baidu Knows, registered members of Baidu Knows can post specific questions for other members to respond and also answer questions of other members.
Baidu MP3 Search provides algorithm-generated links to songs and other multimedia files provided by Internet content providers. Baidu started with a popular music search feature called "MP3 Search" and its comprehensive lists of popular Chinese music, Baidu 500, based on download numbers. Baidu locates file formats such as MP3, WMA and SWF. The multimedia search feature is mainly used in searches for Chinese pop music. While such works are copyrighted under Chinese law, Baidu claims on its legal disclaimer that linking to these files does not break Chinese law. This has led other local search engines to follow the practice, including Google China(Hong Kong), which uses an intermediate company called Top100 to offer a similar MP3 Search service.
Baidu Image Search enables users to search millions of images on the Internet. Baidu Image Search offers features such as search by image size and by image file type. Image listings are organized by various categories, which are updated automatically through algorithms.
Baidu Video Search enables users to search for and access through hyperlinks of online video clips that are hosted on third parties’ Websites.
Baidu Space the social networking service of Baidu, allows registered users to create personalized homepages in a query-based searchable community.[48] Registered users can post their Web logs, or blogs, photo album and certain personal information on their homepages and establish their own communities of friends who are also registered users. By July 2009, it had reached 100 million registered users
Baidu Baike, is China's largest online encyclopedia by users and page views/web traffic; second largest encyclopedia by article count (after Hudong).

China Digital Village Encyclopedia (中国数字乡村大百科全书), in June 2009, Baidu announced it would compile the largest digital rural encyclopedia in China, according to China Securities Journal. It is expected to include 500,000 administrative villages in China, covering 80% of the total 600,000 villages in China. Baidu is creating the content of this encyclopedia largely from participants of its "rural information competition" (乡村信息化大赛),[49] on which it has spent roughly five million yuan on incentives. Baidu sees China's rural areas as great potential for electronic business (e-business), evidenced by the fact that revenue grew the fastest from agriculture, forestry, animals, and fishery in the company's keyword promotion project, a crucial source of Baidu's total revenue. In addition to Baidu Encyclopedia, the company scales up keyword promotion and takes advantage of other products, such as Baidu Zhidao and Baidu Youa, to provide consultation, brand ad exhibitions and online network marketing/sales platform support, marketing information for rural tourism and promoting local products.[50]


Baidu Search Ranking provides listings of search terms based on daily search queries entered on Baidu.com. The listings are organized by categories and allow users to locate search terms on topics of interest.
Baidu Web Directory enables users to browse and search through websites that have been organized into categories.
Baidu Government Information Search allows users to search various regulations, rules, notices, and other information announced by People's Republic of China government entities.
Baidu Postal Code Search enables users to search postal codes in hundreds of cities in China.
Educational Website Search allows users to search the Websites of educational institutions. Baidu University Search allows users to search information on or browse through the Websites of specific universities in China
Baidu Legal Search enables users to search a database that contains national and local laws and regulations, cases, legal decisions, and law dictionaries.
Baidu Love is a query-based searchable community where registered users can write and post messages to loved ones.
Baidu Patent Search enables users to search for specific Chinese patents and provides basic patent information in the search results, including the patent's name, application number, filing date, issue date, inventor information and brief description of the patent.
Baidu Games is an online channel that allows users to search or browse through game-related news and content.
Baidu-Hexun Finance, a financial information Website,[51] with partner Hexun.com, a financial information service provider in China with news reporting and securities consulting licenses. Users can search or browse through economic and financial news, information relating to personal wealth management and related market statistics.
Baidu Statistics Search enables users to search statistics that have been published by the Government of the People's Republic of China
Baidu Entertainment is an online channel for entertainment-related news and content. Users can search or browse through news and other information relating to specific stars, movies, television series and music.
Baidu Tongji is Baidu's web analytics platform. It provides users with many reports about visitors to their website, such as a report on the source of visitors to their website, a user demographics report, reports on content viewed on site, and a heat map report.[52]
Baidu Dictionary provides users with lookup and text translation services between Chinese and English.
Baidu Youa, an online shopping/e-commerce platform through which businesses can sell their products and services at Baidu-registered stores.[53]
Baidu Desktop Search, a free, downloadable software, which enables users to search all files saved on their computer without launching a Web browser.
Baidu Sobar, a free, downloadable software, displayed on a browser's tool bar and makes the search function available on every Web page that a user browses.
Baidu Wireless provides various services for mobile phones, including a Chinese-input front end processor (FEP) for various popular operating systems including Android, Symbian S60v5, and Windows Mobile.
Baidu Anti-Virus offers anti-virus software products and computer virus-related news.
Baidu Safety Center, launched in 2008, provides users with free virus scanning, system repair and online security evaluations
Baidu Internet TV (known as Baidu Movies) allows users to search, watch and download free movies, television series, cartoons, and other programs hosted on its servers
Chinese-language voice assistant search services for Chinese speakers visiting Japan was launched in 2008, with partner Japanese personal handy-phone system operator Willcom Inc.
Discovery Networks Asia-Pacific,[54] joint venture with Discovery Communications, focusing on science, technology, space, natural history, engineering, paleontology, archaeology, history, and culture.
Baidu Index (known as Baidu Zhishu) allows users to look up the search volume and trend for certain hot keywords and phrases. It can serve as a Baidu keyword research tool.[55]
Baidu Bookmarks (known as Baidu Soucang) is a social bookmarking service supported by Baidu.com
Baidu Browser is a web browser first released[56] as a beta in July 2011.[57] It has been noted that the user interface looks very similar to Google Chrome/Chromium.[58]
Baidu Yi is a smartphone operating system based on Android OS, announced in September 2011.[59]
Baidu Library is an open online platform for users to share documents. All the documents in Baidu Library are uploaded by the users and Baidu does not edit or change the documents. Users can read and download lecture notes, exercises, sample exams, presentation slides, materials of various subjects, variety of documents templates, etc. However, it is not completely free. In order to download some documents, users should have enough Baidu points to cover the points asked by the uploaders. Users could gain Baidu points by making contribution to Baidu Library and other users, such as uploading documents, categorizing documents, evaluating documents, etc.[60]
Baidu Experience is a product of Baidu primarily focusing on supporting the users with practical problems. In other words, it helps the users to solve the "how to do" problem. It was launched in October 2010. In architecture, Baidu Experience has integrated and reformatted Baidu Encyclopedia and Baike Knows. The first difference between Baidu Experience and Baidu Knows is that the former concentrates on specific "how to do" problems while the later contains a wider range of problems. The second difference is that users could share their experience without being asked on Baidu Experience.[61]
Baidu around You is a searching and sharing platform aiming at supporting the users with making their consumption decisions. There are currently 7 main categories of information on Baidu around You, including food, shopping, recreation, hotels, fitness, beauty and traveling. In addition, Baidu around You provides the users with convenient services and local information, partially coming from the users and searchable by cities.[62]
Qunar (Qunar Cayman Islands Limited), travel-booking service controlled by Baidu. As of 2013, Qunar had 31.4 million active users and raised $167 Million at its initial public offering that year.[63] It is listed at NASDAQ: QUNR[64]
Baidu Duer: Another addition to the family of virtual assistants.[65]
Baidu Zhanzhang: The free suite of webmaster tools offered by Baidu.[66][67]

Advertisements[edit]
Baidu's primary advertising product is called Baidu Tuiguang and is similar to Google Adwords and Adsense. It is a pay per click advertising platform that allows advertisers to have their ads shown in Baidu search results pages and on other websites that are part of Baidu Union.
Baidu sells its advertising products via a network of resellers.[68]
Baidu's web administrative tools are all in Chinese, which makes it tough for non-Chinese speakers to use. Recently, a third-party company began to develop a tool with an English-language interface for Baidu advertising programs.[69][70]
Moreover, the service may only be used by advertisers with a registered business address in China or in several other East Asian countries.[71]
Pay for placement (P4P)[edit]
Baidu focuses on generating revenues primarily from online marketing services. Baidu's pay for placement (P4P) platform enables its customers to reach users who search for information related to their products or services. Customers use automated online tools to create text-based descriptions of their web pages and bid on keywords that trigger the display of their webpage information and link. Baidu's P4P platform features an automated online sign-up process that customers use to activate their accounts at any time. The P4P platform is an online marketplace that introduces Internet search users to customers who bid for priority placement in the search results. Baidu also uses third-party distributors to sell some of its online marketing services to end customers and offers discounts to these distributors in consideration of their services.
Baidu offers certain consultative services, such as keyword suggestions, account management and performance reporting. Baidu suggests synonyms and associated phrases to use as keywords or text in search listings. These suggestions can improve clickthrough rates of the customer's listing and increase the likelihood that a user will enter into a transaction with the customer. Baidu also provides online daily reports of the number of clickthroughs, clicked keywords and the total costs incurred, as well as statistical reports organized by geographic region.[citation needed]
ProTheme[edit]
Baidu offers ProTheme services to some of its Baidu Union members, which enable these members to display on their properties its customers' promotional links that are relevant to the subject and content of such members' properties. Baidu generates revenues from ProTheme services based on the number of clicks on its customers' links and share the revenues with its Baidu Union members in accordance with pre-agreed terms. Baidu's fixed-ranking services allow customers to display query-sensitive text links at a designated location on its search results pages. Its Targetizement services enable customers to reach their targeted Internet users by displaying their advertisements only when their targeted Internet users browse Baidu's certain Web pages.
Baidu TV[edit]
Baidu operates its advertising service, Baidu TV, in partnership with Ads it! Media Corporation, an online advertising agency and technology company. Baidu TV provides advertisers access to the websites of its Baidu Union members, allowing advertisers to choose Websites on which they post their video advertisements with the aid of its advertisement targeting and matching system. It also offers a brand advertising service, Brand-Link. In June 2008, Baidu launched My Marketing Center, a customized platform integrating industry information, market trends and business, and industry news and reports to assist existing customers in their sales and marketing efforts. Other forms of its online advertising services allow customers to display query sensitive and non-query sensitive advertisements on its websites, including graphical advertisements.
Baidu Union[edit]
Baidu Union consists of several third-party websites and software applications.[72] Union members incorporate a Baidu search box or toolbar and match its sponsored links with the content on their properties. Their users can conduct search via the Baidu search box or toolbar and can click the sponsored links located on their properties. Baidu has also launched programs through which it displays the online advertising of its customers on Baidu Union websites, and share the fees generated by these advertisements with the owners of these Baidu Union websites. As of May 2011, there were 230 thousand partner websites that displayed Baidu Union ads on their websites.[73]
Competition[edit]
Baidu[74] competes with 360 Search (www.so.com), Sogou Search (www.sogou.com), Yahoo! China, Microsoft's Bing and MSN Messenger, Sina, Wikipedia, NetEase's Youdao, Tencent's Soso.com and PaiPai, Alibaba's Taobao, TOM Online, and EachNet.
Baidu is the No. 1 search engine in China, controlling 63 percent of China's market share as of January 2010, according to iResearch.[75] The number of Internet users in China had reached 705 million by the end of 2015, according to a report by the internetlivestats.com.[76]
In an August 2010 Wall Street Journal article,[77] Baidu played down its benefit from Google's having moved its China search service to Hong Kong, but Baidu's share of revenue in China's search-advertising market grew six percentage points in the second quarter to 70%, according to Beijing-based research firm Analysys International.
It is also evident that Baidu is attempting to enter the Internet social network market. As of 2011[update], it is discussing the possibility of working with Facebook, which would lead to a Chinese version of the international social network, managed by Baidu.[78] This plan, if executed, would face off Baidu with competition from the three popular Chinese social networks Qzone, Renren[79] and Kaixin001[80] as well as induce rivalry with instant-messaging giant, Tencent QQ.[81]
On February 22, 2012, Hudong submitted a complaint to the State Administration for Industry and Commerce asking for a review of the behavior of Baidu, accusing it of being monopolistic.[82]
On January 9, 2013, Baidu was still number one in the market, with 64.5% of the users, the closest competitor, Qihoo 360, who launched its own search engine in August, has already taken hold of 10.2% users. Following are Google and Sogou.[83]
By August 2014, Baidu's search market share in China has dropped to 56.3%, where Qihoo 360, its closest competitor who has rebranded its search engine as so.com, has increased its market share to 29.0%, according to report from CNZZ.com.[84]
In February 2015, Baidu was alleged to use anticompetitive tactics in Brazil against the Brazilian online security firm PSafe and Qihoo 360 (the largest investor of PSafe).[85][86]
Research and patents[edit]
Baidu has started to invest in deep learning research and is integrating new deep learning technology into some of its apps and products, including Phoenix Nest. Phoenix Nest is Baidu's ad-bidding platform.[87]
In April 2012 Baidu applied for a patent for its "DNA copyright recognition" technology. This technology automatically scans files that are uploaded by Internet users, and recognizes and filters out content that may violate copyright law. This allows Baidu to offer an infringement-free platform.[88][89]
Baidu has applied for a utility patent in the UK, for its proprietary site-wise search technology which is currently available in China.[citation needed]
Censorship[edit]
According to the China Digital Times, Baidu has a long history of being the most proactive and restrictive online censor in the search arena. Documents leaked in April 2009 from an employee in Baidu's internal monitoring and censorship department show a long list of blocked websites and censored topics on Baidu search.[90]
In May 2011, activists sued Baidu in the United States for violating the U.S. constitution by the censorship it conducts in accord with the demand of the Chinese government.[91] A U.S. judge has ruled[92] that the Chinese search engine Baidu has the right to block pro-democracy works from its query results, dismissing a lawsuit that sought to punish the company for Internet censorship.[citation needed]
Controversies[edit]
Baidu's reviews are mixed for in many fields and it is controversial. The examples are promoting and commercialization of Baidu Tieba.
Death of Wei Zexi[edit]
Main article: Death of Wei Zexi
In May 2016, Baidu's P4P search results reportedly caused the death of a student who tried an experimental cancer therapy he found online. The 21-year-old college student was named Wèi Zéxī (魏则西), who studied in Xidian University. Wei was diagnosed with synovial sarcoma, a rare form of cancer. He found the Second Hospital of the Beijing Armed Police Corps (武警北京市总队第二医院) through the search engine Baidu, on which the hospital had been promoting itself. The treatment proved to be unsuccessful.[citation needed]
After Wei's family spent around 200,000 yuan (around 31,150 USD) for treatment in the hospital, Wei Zexi died on April 12, 2016. The incident triggered massive online discussions after Wei's death. The fact that Baidu valued money way more than life kindled nationwide rage.[93] On May 2, 2016, Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC), the top watchdog for China's Internet space, dispatched a team of investigators to Baidu.[94] The case is still ongoing. One report claimed medical advertising makes up for 30% of Baidu's ad revenue, much of which comes from for-profit hospitals that belong to the "Putian Network", a collection of hospitals across the country founded by medical entrepreneurs associated with the Putian region of Fujian province.[95] The investigation led Chinese regulators to impose several restrictions on Baidu, including adding disclaimers to promotional content and establishing channels for complaints about Baidu services.[96]
Commercialization of Tieba[edit]
Baidu sold the hemophilia online community, one of the communities of Tieba, to unqualified hospitals. In January 2016, Baidu announced that it will stop selling all of its illness-related Tieba.[97]
See also[edit]

Software industry in China
China Software Industry Association
Intellectual property in the People's Republic of China
Censorship of the internet in China



China portal
Beijing portal
Companies portal
Internet portal


References[edit]


^ "Baidu - Investors - Management". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ a b "Baidu - Investors - Press Releases". Retrieved April 4, 2017. 
^ a b http://ir.baidu.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=188488&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=2248999
^ "Baidu - Investors - Investor FAQs". Retrieved Feb 14, 2017. 
^ "Baidu.com Site Overview". Alexa Internet. Retrieved December 28, 2016. 
^ "IR Contacts." Baidu. Retrieved on December 27, 2010. "Address: Baidu Campus, No. 10, Shangdi 10th Street, Haidian District, Beijing 100085 People's Republic of China."
^ "Baidu's 57 Products/Services: Introduction and History". China Analyst (CNAnalyst.com). 
^ "Alexa Top 500 Global Sites". Retrieved December 20, 2014. 
^ "The China Perspective, "China Economic Watch"".  }
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C. (December 10, 2007). "Search site moves at the speed of China". Los Angeles Times. 
^ "MSN Money – BIDU". MSN Money. Archived from the original on May 1, 2006. Retrieved 2006-05-11. 
^ Branigan, Tania. "Google to end censorship in China over cyber-attacks". Guardian. Retrieved 3 February 2014. 
^ "Baidu Music to merge with Taihe to take on Apple Music in China". Digital Market Asia. DMA News Desk. December 4, 2015. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ "The Baidu Story". Baidu. 
^ "Robin Li's vision powers Baidu's Internet search dominance", Taipei Times, September 17i, 2006.
^ Greenberg, Andy, "The Man Who's Beating Google", Forbes magazine, October 5, 2009
^ Yanhong Li, "Toward a Qualitative Search Engine," IEEE Internet Computing, vol. 2, no. 4, pp. 24–29, July/Aug. 1998, doi:10.1109/4236.707687
^ "About: RankDex", rankdex.com
^ USPTO, "Hypertext Document Retrieval System and Method", US Patent number: 5920859, Inventor: Yanhong Li, Filing date: Feb 5, 1997, Issue date: Jul 6, 1999
^ "Baidu Launched News Search Engine and Pictures Search Engine". 
^ "Baidu hacked by 'Iranian cyber army'". BBC News. 2010-01-12. Archived from the original on January 13, 2010. Retrieved 2010-01-12. 
^ "China's top search engine Baidu hacked". People's Daily. January 12, 2010. 
^ Branigan, Tania (January 12, 2010). "'Iranian' hackers paralyse Chinese search engine Baidu". The Guardian. London. 
^ Back, Aaron. "Baidu Sues Register.com, Alleges Negligence in Hacking Attack". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu: Registrar 'incredibly' changed our e-mail for hacker," Computer World, February 24, 2010. Accessed December 13, 2010.
^ "BBC News - Baidu workers arrested for 'deleting posts for money'". Bbc.co.uk. 2012-08-06. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Hsu, Alex (16 Jul 2013). "91 Wireless’ App Store Has Piracy and Other Legal Issues". BrightWire News. 
^ Baidu Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire NetDragon's Subsidiary 91 Wireless,Baidu Press Releases, August 14, 2013
^ Paul Carsten (14 August 2013). "Baidu says agrees to buy Netdragon's 91 Wireless for $1.85 billion". Reuters. 
^ "Sina and Baidu team up in China to focus on mobile". bbc.co.uk. July 31, 2012. 
^ "Baidu and Qualcomm partner to offer free cloud storage". Geeks Hut. 2012-11-19. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Baidu Launch Personal Assistant App for Android Phones,CHINA INTERNET WATCH, August 6, 2013
^ "Baidu Opens Silicon Valley Lab, Appoints Andrew Ng as Head of Baidu Research". PRNewswire.com. Retrieved 2017-06-03. 
^ Paul Bischoff (2014-07-18). "China web giant Baidu launches search engine in Brazil". Tech In Asia. Retrieved 2014-08-04. 
^ "China's Baidu buys control of Brazil's Peixe Urbano in expansion push". Reuters. 2014-12-04. 
^ Jon Russell (18 April 2017). "Baidu is making its self-driving car platform freely available to the automotive industry". TechCrunch. Retrieved 19 April 2017. 
^ Sangameswaran S (19 April 2017). "Baidu to launch self-driving car technology in July". REUTERS. Retrieved 19 April 2017. 
^ Darrell Etherington (1 June 2017). [  https://techcrunch.com/2017/06/01/baidu-teams-up-with-bosch-and-continental-on-self-driving-tech "Baidu teams up with Bosch and Continental on self-driving tech"] Check |url= value (help). TechCrunch. Retrieved 1 June 2017.  line feed character in |url= at position 2 (help)
^ "Baidu - Investors - Products". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "关于baiduspider". baidu.com. March 18, 2009. 
^ "Baiduspider User-Agent String". httpuseragent.org. March 17, 2009. 
^ "手机百度-海量新闻、上网最快、团购电影票最优惠的搜索 on the App Store". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Baidu Yun official website. Retrieved 2014-04-23.(in Chinese)
^ "Baidu Japan". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "China's Google in Japan". Infoniac.com. March 23, 2007. 
^ "After 8 years of failing, Baidu shuts Japan search engine". Tech IN Asia. April 17, 2015. 
^ "Google's Lookalike is Expanding in China". Gadget4boys.com. January 23, 2007. 
^ "百度Hi官网". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "xiangcun.baidu.com". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu will compile the rural digital Encyclopedia - BIC". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "百度新闻搜索——全球最大的中文新闻平台". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Lawton, Tait. "A Thorough Guide to Baidu Analytics (Baidu Tongji)". 
^ "Youa.com". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Discovery探索频道中文网". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Baidu keyword research tool.
^ "百度浏览器". Liulanqi.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ China's Baidu Joins Browser Battle, Wall Street Journal, July 20, 2011
^ Baidu's New Browser Looks Strikingly Familiar, China Real Time Report – WSJ, July 19, 2011
^ "Baidu Looks To Leapfrog Google With Cloud-Based Mobile OS (Update)". TechCrunch. September 2, 2011. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ "百度文库_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "百度经验_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. 2011-06-22. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "百度身边_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Fox Hu and Belinda Cao. Published Nov 2, 2013. Baidu's Qunar Rises After $167 Million IPO Exceeds Target. Bloomberg L.P.. Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ Qunar Cayman Islands Ltd Bloomberg L.P.. Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ http://blog.codexify.com/2015/09/bynow-you-all-must-be-familiar-with.html
^ "百度站长平台_让网站更具价值". zhanzhang.baidu.com. Retrieved 2015-09-21. 
^ "Baidu 101: An Overview of Baidu Webmaster Tools". Retrieved 2015-09-21. 
^ Lawton, Tait. "Baidu Pay Per Click: 7 Tips for a Successful Campaign". SearchEngineJournal.com. 
^ "Glogou Launches New Tools To Help Businesses Build Their Online Presence (And Ad Campaigns) In China". TechCrunch. 2012-11-06. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ 作者：清辰 (2012-11-07). "不懂中文没关系 Glogou帮助外企进军中国_互联网_科技时代_新浪网". Tech.sina.com.cn. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "Manage Baidu Ppc Registration". April 27, 2012. 
^ "百度联盟-让合作伙伴更强". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Lin, Susan. "Baidu's Content Network - Baidu Union". NanjingMarketingGroup.com. NanjingMarketingGroup.com. 
^ Statistics on Baidu's Annual Revenue, Baidu. March 2013.
^ Barboza, David (January 13, 2010). "Baidu's Gain from Departure Could Be China's Loss". The New York Times. 
^ "China Internet Users". 
^ Fletcher, Owen (August 3, 2010). "Baidu's CEO Pursues Long-Term Growth". Wall Street Journal. 
^ 传百度与Facebook签合作协议 – Baidu signed a cooperation agreement with Facebook, ThinkingChinese, April 14, 2011
^ "人人网，中国领先的实名制SNS社交网络。加入人人网，找到老同学，结识新朋友。". 
^ "开心网". 
^ Baidu and QQ aren't willing to remain outside the Chinese Social Network market, ThinkingChinese, April 2011
^ Yang, Yang (杨阳 Yáng Yáng). Translated by Guo Wei. "China's "Wikipedia" Submits Complaint about Baidu ." (Archive) The Economic Observer. March 4, 2011. Issue 508, Corporation, Page 28. Retrieved on October 26, 2012. Original article: "百度：我是大哥 我不叫度娘." Febinframe.php Archive])
^ "SEO in China - Top Innovative Agency". January 9, 2013. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Research, China Stock (September 1, 2014). "China Search Engine Market Share - August 2014". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Ruvolo, Julie. "Brazil Becomes A New Front In The Battle Between Baidu And Qihoo". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu's Alleged Anticompetitive Tactics in Brazil". April 14, 2015. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Hsu, Alex (15 July 2013). "Baidu Using Deep-Learning Technology to Boost Phoenix Nest Revenue". BrightWire News. 
^ [1] Archived February 18, 2015, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Baidu Applies for DNA Copyright Recognition Technology Patent". BrightWire. 
^ Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (1), Xiao Qiang, China Digital Times, April 30, 2009
Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (2)
Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (3)
^ Jonathan Stempel, "China, Baidu Sued In U.S. For Internet Censorship", Reuters, May 19, 2011.
^ "Zhang et al v. Baidu.Com Inc. et al". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Commentary: Death of college student raises questions on Baidu's ethics, People's Daily, 2016
^ China Focus: Investigation into Baidu after student death, Xinhua News Agency, 2016
^ Baidu, China's version of Google, is "evil," a growing number of users say, Quartz, 2016
^ China Orders Baidu to Revamp Advertising Results in Online Searches, The Wall Street Journal
^ Baidu to halt commercialization of Tieba health forums, China Daily, 2016


Further reading[edit]

Lee, Melanie (January 19, 2010). "NEWSMAKER-Baidu founder rules China's Web with pragmatism". Reuters.
Udeze, Chuka (March 26, 2012). Baidu Search to be Integrated by Apple on iOS Devices.
Kohout, Martin (October 30, 2014). "Spyware Baidu to Sony Xperia smartphones". FreeBit.cz.

External links[edit]
 Media related to Baidu at Wikimedia Commons

Official website



Business data for Baidu: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Baidu






Baidu Search Engine
Baidu News
Baidu MP3
Baidu Images
Baidu Video
Baidu Tieba
Baidu Zhidao
Baidu Maps
Baidu Space
Baidu Baike
Baidu Hi
Baidu Guoxue
Baidu Toolbar
Baidu Patents
Baidu Youa
Baifubao
Baidu 500
Hao123
Baidu Wenku
Baidu Yi
iQiyi

PPS.tv


Baidu Music










Links to related articles











v
t
e


Major Chinese Web portals






Baidu.com
NetEase [163.com]
Phoenix TV [ifeng.com]
Sina.com
Sohu.com
Tencent [qq.com]
TOM Online [tom.com]
R&C Media Group, Inc












v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx












v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecom
China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Web search engines



Active



AOL
Ahmia
Ask.com
Baidu
Bing
Blackle
Dogpile
DuckDuckGo
Ecosia
Exalead
Excite
GenieKnows
Gigablast
GoodSearch
Google
Info.com
Ixquick
Lycos
Naver
Qwant
Parsijoo
Picollator
SAPO
Scout
Seznam.cz
Sogou
Soso.com
Sputnik
Startpage
WebCrawler
YaCy
Yahoo!
Yandex
Yooz
Youdao





Inactive



A9.com
Aliweb
AlltheWeb
AltaVista
Blekko
Boogami
Cuil
Empas
Forestle
Go.com
Inktomi
JumpStation
LeapFish
Mugurdy
Northern Light
Powerset
Scroogle
SearchMe
Teoma
Viewzi
Vivisimo
Volunia
W3Catalog
Wikiseek
Yebol








Complete list
Comparison












v
t
e


Instant messaging



Protocols
(comparison)





Open




IMPP
IRC
Matrix
MTProto
RetroShare
Signal Protocol
SIP

MSRP
SIMPLE


Tox
XMPP

Jingle
WFP


Zephyr
DDP






Closed




MSNP
OSCAR

TOC


Skype
YMSG








Services



AIM
BAND
BlackBerry Messenger
Discord
Facebook Messenger
Google Allo
Google Hangouts
Google Talk
GroupMe
Hike Messenger
HipChat
ICQ
iGap
iMessage
IRC Networks
KakaoTalk
Kik
Libon
Line
Microsoft Messenger service
Nimbuzz
ooVoo
Palringo
Signal
Skype
Skype Qik
Slack
Snapchat
Tango
Telegram
QQ
Threema
Tox
Upptalk
Viber
WeChat
WhatsApp
Windows Messenger service
Yahoo! Messenger





Clients
(comparison)





Single protocol




Allo
AIM
Baidu Hi
BlackBerry Messenger
CSipSimple
Facebook Messenger
FaceTime
Fetion
Gadu-Gadu
GroupMe
IBM Sametime
ICQ
IMVU
Linphone
Palringo
RetroShare
Ricochet
Ring
Signal
Skype
Telegram
Tencent QQ
Tox
WeChat
WhatsApp
Wire
Wickr
Yahoo! Messenger






Multi-protocol




Adium
Ayttm
BitlBee
Centericq
eBuddy
Empathy
Fire
Gizmo5
Instantbird
Jitsi
Kopete
Messages/iChat
Miranda IM
Nimbuzz
Pidgin
QIP 2010
Skype for Business
Trillian
Telepathy
Upptalk
Xfire






XMPP (Jabber)




Bombus
ChatSecure
Conversations
Facebook Chat
Gajim
Google Talk
Psi
Tkabber
Spark






MSNP




aMSN
emesene
Windows Live Messenger
Windows Messenger
Skype








See also



Backchannel
Buddy profile
Chat log
Chatbot
Contact list
Emoticon
File sharing
Instant message service center
LAN messenger
Mobile instant messaging
Presence information
Shoutbox
SMS language
Status message
Videotelephony
Voice over IP
Webcam
Web chat
Circuit
eXo Platform
FirstClass
Flock
Fuze Box
Glip
Hall.com
Lua
Yammer















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Baidu&oldid=792078152"					
Categories: BaiduCompanies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQInternet search enginesChinese websitesOnline companiesInternet properties established in 2000Science and technology in the People's Republic of ChinaInternet companies of ChinaSoftware companies of ChinaMultinational companies headquartered in China2000 establishments in ChinaNotorious marketsChinese brandsChinese companies established in 2000Hidden categories: CS1 errors: invisible charactersPages with URL errorsArticles with Chinese-language external linksWebarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from July 2013Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from December 2016All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing Chinese-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2016Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011Articles with unsourced statements from April 2013Articles with unsourced statements from July 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡქართულიMagyarമലയാളംNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSlovenčinaSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt文言粵語中文डोटेली 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 09:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Baidu - Wikipedia






















 






Baidu

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Beidu, Beidou, or Baidul.

Baidu, Inc.





Type of site

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: BIDU
NASDAQ-100 Component


Founded
January 1, 2000; 17 years ago (2000-01-01)


Headquarters
Beijing, China


Area served
Worldwide


Key people
Robin Li (Chairman, CEO) [1]


Industry
Internet


Revenue

 CNY 70.549 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [2]




Operating income

 CNY 10.049 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [2]




Total assets

 CNY 181.997 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [3]




Total equity

 CNY 92.250 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [3]




Employees

(Mar 31, 2016) [4]
43,500


Website
www.baidu.com


Alexa rank
 4 (Global, December 2016[update])[5]







Baidu



Baidu headquarters, Haidian District, Beijing



Chinese
百度





Transcriptions


Standard Mandarin


Hanyu Pinyin
Bǎidù


Gwoyeu Romatzyh
Baeduh


Wade–Giles
Paitu


IPA
[pài.tû]


Wu


Romanization
Bah tu


Yue: Cantonese


Yale Romanization
Baakdoh


IPA
[pāːk.tòu̯]


Jyutping
Baak3 dou6


Southern Min


Hokkien POJ
Pah-to͘








Baidu, Inc. (Chinese: 百度; pinyin: Bǎidù, anglicized /ˈbaɪduː/ "BY-doo"), incorporated on 18 January 2000, is a Chinese web services company headquartered at the Baidu Campus in Beijing's Haidian District.[6] It is one of the largest Internet companies in the world.
Baidu offers many services, including a Chinese search engine for websites, audio files and images. Baidu offers 57 search and community services including Baidu Baike (an online, collaboratively built encyclopedia) and a searchable, keyword-based discussion forum.[7] Baidu was established in 2000 by Robin Li and Eric Xu. Both of the co-founders are Chinese nationals who studied and worked overseas before returning to China. In December 2016[update], Baidu ranked 4th overall in the Alexa Internet rankings.[8]
During Q4 of 2010, it is estimated that there were 4.02 billion search queries in China of which Baidu had a market share of 56.6%. China's Internet-search revenue share in second quarter 2011 by Baidu is 76%.[9] In December 2007, Baidu became the first Chinese company to be included in the NASDAQ-100 index.[10]
As of 2006, Baidu provided an index of over 740 million web pages, 80 million images, and 10 million multimedia files.[11] Baidu offers multimedia content including MP3 music, and movies, and is the first in China to offer Wireless Application Protocol (WAP) and personal digital assistant (PDA)-based mobile search.
Baidu Baike is similar to Wikipedia as an online encyclopedia; however, unlike Wikipedia, only registered users can edit the articles due to Chinese laws. While access to Wikipedia has been intermittently blocked or certain articles filtered in China since June 2004, there is some controversy about the degree to which Baidu cooperates with Chinese government censorship.[12]
The company also hosts a music service, called Baidu Music, that has more than 150 million monthly active users. On 4 December 2015, Baidu announced plans to merge with Taihe Entertainment Group to help the service compete with Apple Inc.'s Apple Music, which Apple plans to make available in China.[13]



Contents


1 Name
2 History

2.1 Early development
2.2 Domain name redirection
2.3 Baidu workers arrested
2.4 91 Wireless acquisition
2.5 2010s announcements


3 Services
4 Advertisements

4.1 Pay for placement (P4P)
4.2 ProTheme
4.3 Baidu TV


5 Baidu Union
6 Competition
7 Research and patents
8 Censorship
9 Controversies

9.1 Death of Wei Zexi
9.2 Commercialization of Tieba


10 See also
11 References
12 Further reading
13 External links



Name[edit]
The name Baidu (百度) literally means "a hundred times", or alternatively, "countless times". It is a quote from the last line of Xin Qiji (辛弃疾)'s classical poem "Green Jade Table in The Lantern Festival" (青玉案·元夕) saying: "Having searched thousands of times in the crowd, suddenly turning back, She is there in the dimmest candlelight." (众里寻他千百度，蓦然回首，那人却在灯火阑珊处。)[14]
History[edit]
Early development[edit]
In 1994, Robin Li (Li Yanhong, 李彦宏) joined IDD Information Services, a New Jersey division of Dow Jones and Company, where he helped develop software for the online edition of the Wall Street Journal.[15] He also worked on developing better algorithms for search engines and remained at IDD Information Services from May 1994 to June 1997.
In 1996, while at IDD, Li developed the RankDex site-scoring algorithm for search engines results page ranking[16][17][18] and received a US patent for the technology.[19] He later used this technology for the Baidu search engine.
In 2000, the company Baidu launched in Beijing, China. The first office was located in a hotel room, which was near Peking University from where Robin graduated.
In 2003, Baidu launched a news search engine and picture search engine, adopting a special identification technology capable of identifying and grouping the articles.[20]
Domain name redirection[edit]
On January 12, 2010, Baidu.com's DNS records in the United States were altered such that browsers to baidu.com were redirected to a website purporting to be the Iranian Cyber Army, thought to be behind the attack on Twitter during the 2009 Iranian election protests, making the proper site unusable for four hours.[21] Internet users were met with a page saying "This site has been attacked by Iranian Cyber Army".[22] Chinese hackers later responded by attacking Iranian websites and leaving messages.[23] Baidu later launched legal action against Register.com for gross negligence after it was revealed that Register.com's technical support staff changed the email address for Baidu.com on the request of an unnamed individual, despite failing security verification procedures. Once the address had been changed, the individual was able to use the forgotten password feature to have Baidu's domain passwords sent directly to them, allowing them to accomplish the domain hijacking.[24][25]
Baidu workers arrested[edit]
On August 6, 2012, the BBC reported that three employees of Baidu were arrested on suspicion that they accepted bribes. The bribes were allegedly paid for deleting posts from the forum service. Four people were fired in connection with these arrests.[26]
91 Wireless acquisition[edit]
On July 16, 2013, Baidu announced its intention to purchase 91 Wireless from NetDragon. 91 Wireless is best known for its app store, but it has been reported that the app store faces piracy and other legal issues.[27] On August 14, 2013, Baidu announced that its wholly owned subsidiary Baidu (Hong Kong) Limited has signed a definitive merger agreement to acquire 91 Wireless Web-soft Limited from NetDragon Web-soft Inc.[28] for $1.85 billion in what was reported to be the biggest deal ever in China's IT sector.[29]
2010s announcements[edit]
On July 31, 2012, Baidu announced they would team up with Sina to provide mobile search results.[30]
On November 18, 2012, Baidu announced that they would be partnering with Qualcomm to offer free cloud storage to Android users with Snapdragon processors.[31]
On August 2, 2013, Baidu launched its Personal Assistant app, designed to help CEOs, managers and the white-collar workers manage their business relationships.[32]
On May 16, 2014, Baidu appointed Dr. Andrew Ng as chief scientist. Dr. Ng will lead Baidu Research in Silicon Valley and Beijing.[33]
On July 18, 2014, the company launched a Brazilian version of the search engine, Baidu Busca.[34]
On October 9, 2014, Baidu announced acquisition of Brazilian local e-commerce site Peixe Urbano.[35]
In April 2017, Baidu announced to launch Apollo project, its self-driving vehicle platform in a bid to help drive the development of autonomous cars including vehicle platform, hardware platform, software platform and cloud data services.[36] Baidu plans to launch this project in July this year, before gradually introducing fully autonomous driving capabilities on highways and open city roads by 2020.[37]
In June 2017, Baidu partnered with Continental and Bosch, auto industry suppliers, on automated driving and connected cars.[38]
Services[edit]
Baidu offers several services[39] to locate information, products and services using Chinese-language search terms, such as, search by Chinese phonetics, advanced search, snapshots, spell checker, stock quotes, news, knows, postbar, images, video and space information, and weather, train and flight schedules and other local information. The user-agent string of Baidu search engine is Baiduspider.[40][41] Also, a Baidu application for Apple's iOS is available.[42]

Baidu Map (百度地图) is a desktop and mobile mapping solution similar to Google Maps, but covering only the Greater China region
Baidu Netdisk (百度网盘), formerly Baidu Cloud (百度云) is a cloud storage service that offers 2 TB of free data storage.[43]
Baidu started its Japanese language search service, run by Baidu Japan, the company's first regular service outside of China.[44] It includes a search bar for web pages and image searches, user help and advanced services.[45] The Japanese search engine closed on March 16, 2015.[46]
Baidu Post Bar (百度贴吧)provides users with a query-based searchable community to exchange views and share knowledge and experiences. It is an online community bound tightly with Baidu's search service.
Baidu News provides links to a selection of local, national and international news, and presents news stories in a searchable format, within minutes of their publication on the Web. Baidu News uses an automated process to display links to related headlines, which enables people to see many different viewpoints on the same story. Chinese government and Chinese industry sources stated that Baidu received a license from Beijing, which allows the search engine to become a full-fledged news website. Thus Baidu is able to provide its own reports, besides showing certain results as a search engine. Baidu is the first Chinese search engine to receive such a license.[47]
Baidu Knows (百度知道) provides users with a query-based searchable community to share knowledge and experience. Through Baidu Knows, registered members of Baidu Knows can post specific questions for other members to respond and also answer questions of other members.
Baidu MP3 Search provides algorithm-generated links to songs and other multimedia files provided by Internet content providers. Baidu started with a popular music search feature called "MP3 Search" and its comprehensive lists of popular Chinese music, Baidu 500, based on download numbers. Baidu locates file formats such as MP3, WMA and SWF. The multimedia search feature is mainly used in searches for Chinese pop music. While such works are copyrighted under Chinese law, Baidu claims on its legal disclaimer that linking to these files does not break Chinese law. This has led other local search engines to follow the practice, including Google China(Hong Kong), which uses an intermediate company called Top100 to offer a similar MP3 Search service.
Baidu Image Search enables users to search millions of images on the Internet. Baidu Image Search offers features such as search by image size and by image file type. Image listings are organized by various categories, which are updated automatically through algorithms.
Baidu Video Search enables users to search for and access through hyperlinks of online video clips that are hosted on third parties’ Websites.
Baidu Space the social networking service of Baidu, allows registered users to create personalized homepages in a query-based searchable community.[48] Registered users can post their Web logs, or blogs, photo album and certain personal information on their homepages and establish their own communities of friends who are also registered users. By July 2009, it had reached 100 million registered users
Baidu Baike, is China's largest online encyclopedia by users and page views/web traffic; second largest encyclopedia by article count (after Hudong).

China Digital Village Encyclopedia (中国数字乡村大百科全书), in June 2009, Baidu announced it would compile the largest digital rural encyclopedia in China, according to China Securities Journal. It is expected to include 500,000 administrative villages in China, covering 80% of the total 600,000 villages in China. Baidu is creating the content of this encyclopedia largely from participants of its "rural information competition" (乡村信息化大赛),[49] on which it has spent roughly five million yuan on incentives. Baidu sees China's rural areas as great potential for electronic business (e-business), evidenced by the fact that revenue grew the fastest from agriculture, forestry, animals, and fishery in the company's keyword promotion project, a crucial source of Baidu's total revenue. In addition to Baidu Encyclopedia, the company scales up keyword promotion and takes advantage of other products, such as Baidu Zhidao and Baidu Youa, to provide consultation, brand ad exhibitions and online network marketing/sales platform support, marketing information for rural tourism and promoting local products.[50]


Baidu Search Ranking provides listings of search terms based on daily search queries entered on Baidu.com. The listings are organized by categories and allow users to locate search terms on topics of interest.
Baidu Web Directory enables users to browse and search through websites that have been organized into categories.
Baidu Government Information Search allows users to search various regulations, rules, notices, and other information announced by People's Republic of China government entities.
Baidu Postal Code Search enables users to search postal codes in hundreds of cities in China.
Educational Website Search allows users to search the Websites of educational institutions. Baidu University Search allows users to search information on or browse through the Websites of specific universities in China
Baidu Legal Search enables users to search a database that contains national and local laws and regulations, cases, legal decisions, and law dictionaries.
Baidu Love is a query-based searchable community where registered users can write and post messages to loved ones.
Baidu Patent Search enables users to search for specific Chinese patents and provides basic patent information in the search results, including the patent's name, application number, filing date, issue date, inventor information and brief description of the patent.
Baidu Games is an online channel that allows users to search or browse through game-related news and content.
Baidu-Hexun Finance, a financial information Website,[51] with partner Hexun.com, a financial information service provider in China with news reporting and securities consulting licenses. Users can search or browse through economic and financial news, information relating to personal wealth management and related market statistics.
Baidu Statistics Search enables users to search statistics that have been published by the Government of the People's Republic of China
Baidu Entertainment is an online channel for entertainment-related news and content. Users can search or browse through news and other information relating to specific stars, movies, television series and music.
Baidu Tongji is Baidu's web analytics platform. It provides users with many reports about visitors to their website, such as a report on the source of visitors to their website, a user demographics report, reports on content viewed on site, and a heat map report.[52]
Baidu Dictionary provides users with lookup and text translation services between Chinese and English.
Baidu Youa, an online shopping/e-commerce platform through which businesses can sell their products and services at Baidu-registered stores.[53]
Baidu Desktop Search, a free, downloadable software, which enables users to search all files saved on their computer without launching a Web browser.
Baidu Sobar, a free, downloadable software, displayed on a browser's tool bar and makes the search function available on every Web page that a user browses.
Baidu Wireless provides various services for mobile phones, including a Chinese-input front end processor (FEP) for various popular operating systems including Android, Symbian S60v5, and Windows Mobile.
Baidu Anti-Virus offers anti-virus software products and computer virus-related news.
Baidu Safety Center, launched in 2008, provides users with free virus scanning, system repair and online security evaluations
Baidu Internet TV (known as Baidu Movies) allows users to search, watch and download free movies, television series, cartoons, and other programs hosted on its servers
Chinese-language voice assistant search services for Chinese speakers visiting Japan was launched in 2008, with partner Japanese personal handy-phone system operator Willcom Inc.
Discovery Networks Asia-Pacific,[54] joint venture with Discovery Communications, focusing on science, technology, space, natural history, engineering, paleontology, archaeology, history, and culture.
Baidu Index (known as Baidu Zhishu) allows users to look up the search volume and trend for certain hot keywords and phrases. It can serve as a Baidu keyword research tool.[55]
Baidu Bookmarks (known as Baidu Soucang) is a social bookmarking service supported by Baidu.com
Baidu Browser is a web browser first released[56] as a beta in July 2011.[57] It has been noted that the user interface looks very similar to Google Chrome/Chromium.[58]
Baidu Yi is a smartphone operating system based on Android OS, announced in September 2011.[59]
Baidu Library is an open online platform for users to share documents. All the documents in Baidu Library are uploaded by the users and Baidu does not edit or change the documents. Users can read and download lecture notes, exercises, sample exams, presentation slides, materials of various subjects, variety of documents templates, etc. However, it is not completely free. In order to download some documents, users should have enough Baidu points to cover the points asked by the uploaders. Users could gain Baidu points by making contribution to Baidu Library and other users, such as uploading documents, categorizing documents, evaluating documents, etc.[60]
Baidu Experience is a product of Baidu primarily focusing on supporting the users with practical problems. In other words, it helps the users to solve the "how to do" problem. It was launched in October 2010. In architecture, Baidu Experience has integrated and reformatted Baidu Encyclopedia and Baike Knows. The first difference between Baidu Experience and Baidu Knows is that the former concentrates on specific "how to do" problems while the later contains a wider range of problems. The second difference is that users could share their experience without being asked on Baidu Experience.[61]
Baidu around You is a searching and sharing platform aiming at supporting the users with making their consumption decisions. There are currently 7 main categories of information on Baidu around You, including food, shopping, recreation, hotels, fitness, beauty and traveling. In addition, Baidu around You provides the users with convenient services and local information, partially coming from the users and searchable by cities.[62]
Qunar (Qunar Cayman Islands Limited), travel-booking service controlled by Baidu. As of 2013, Qunar had 31.4 million active users and raised $167 Million at its initial public offering that year.[63] It is listed at NASDAQ: QUNR[64]
Baidu Duer: Another addition to the family of virtual assistants.[65]
Baidu Zhanzhang: The free suite of webmaster tools offered by Baidu.[66][67]

Advertisements[edit]
Baidu's primary advertising product is called Baidu Tuiguang and is similar to Google Adwords and Adsense. It is a pay per click advertising platform that allows advertisers to have their ads shown in Baidu search results pages and on other websites that are part of Baidu Union.
Baidu sells its advertising products via a network of resellers.[68]
Baidu's web administrative tools are all in Chinese, which makes it tough for non-Chinese speakers to use. Recently, a third-party company began to develop a tool with an English-language interface for Baidu advertising programs.[69][70]
Moreover, the service may only be used by advertisers with a registered business address in China or in several other East Asian countries.[71]
Pay for placement (P4P)[edit]
Baidu focuses on generating revenues primarily from online marketing services. Baidu's pay for placement (P4P) platform enables its customers to reach users who search for information related to their products or services. Customers use automated online tools to create text-based descriptions of their web pages and bid on keywords that trigger the display of their webpage information and link. Baidu's P4P platform features an automated online sign-up process that customers use to activate their accounts at any time. The P4P platform is an online marketplace that introduces Internet search users to customers who bid for priority placement in the search results. Baidu also uses third-party distributors to sell some of its online marketing services to end customers and offers discounts to these distributors in consideration of their services.
Baidu offers certain consultative services, such as keyword suggestions, account management and performance reporting. Baidu suggests synonyms and associated phrases to use as keywords or text in search listings. These suggestions can improve clickthrough rates of the customer's listing and increase the likelihood that a user will enter into a transaction with the customer. Baidu also provides online daily reports of the number of clickthroughs, clicked keywords and the total costs incurred, as well as statistical reports organized by geographic region.[citation needed]
ProTheme[edit]
Baidu offers ProTheme services to some of its Baidu Union members, which enable these members to display on their properties its customers' promotional links that are relevant to the subject and content of such members' properties. Baidu generates revenues from ProTheme services based on the number of clicks on its customers' links and share the revenues with its Baidu Union members in accordance with pre-agreed terms. Baidu's fixed-ranking services allow customers to display query-sensitive text links at a designated location on its search results pages. Its Targetizement services enable customers to reach their targeted Internet users by displaying their advertisements only when their targeted Internet users browse Baidu's certain Web pages.
Baidu TV[edit]
Baidu operates its advertising service, Baidu TV, in partnership with Ads it! Media Corporation, an online advertising agency and technology company. Baidu TV provides advertisers access to the websites of its Baidu Union members, allowing advertisers to choose Websites on which they post their video advertisements with the aid of its advertisement targeting and matching system. It also offers a brand advertising service, Brand-Link. In June 2008, Baidu launched My Marketing Center, a customized platform integrating industry information, market trends and business, and industry news and reports to assist existing customers in their sales and marketing efforts. Other forms of its online advertising services allow customers to display query sensitive and non-query sensitive advertisements on its websites, including graphical advertisements.
Baidu Union[edit]
Baidu Union consists of several third-party websites and software applications.[72] Union members incorporate a Baidu search box or toolbar and match its sponsored links with the content on their properties. Their users can conduct search via the Baidu search box or toolbar and can click the sponsored links located on their properties. Baidu has also launched programs through which it displays the online advertising of its customers on Baidu Union websites, and share the fees generated by these advertisements with the owners of these Baidu Union websites. As of May 2011, there were 230 thousand partner websites that displayed Baidu Union ads on their websites.[73]
Competition[edit]
Baidu[74] competes with 360 Search (www.so.com), Sogou Search (www.sogou.com), Yahoo! China, Microsoft's Bing and MSN Messenger, Sina, Wikipedia, NetEase's Youdao, Tencent's Soso.com and PaiPai, Alibaba's Taobao, TOM Online, and EachNet.
Baidu is the No. 1 search engine in China, controlling 63 percent of China's market share as of January 2010, according to iResearch.[75] The number of Internet users in China had reached 705 million by the end of 2015, according to a report by the internetlivestats.com.[76]
In an August 2010 Wall Street Journal article,[77] Baidu played down its benefit from Google's having moved its China search service to Hong Kong, but Baidu's share of revenue in China's search-advertising market grew six percentage points in the second quarter to 70%, according to Beijing-based research firm Analysys International.
It is also evident that Baidu is attempting to enter the Internet social network market. As of 2011[update], it is discussing the possibility of working with Facebook, which would lead to a Chinese version of the international social network, managed by Baidu.[78] This plan, if executed, would face off Baidu with competition from the three popular Chinese social networks Qzone, Renren[79] and Kaixin001[80] as well as induce rivalry with instant-messaging giant, Tencent QQ.[81]
On February 22, 2012, Hudong submitted a complaint to the State Administration for Industry and Commerce asking for a review of the behavior of Baidu, accusing it of being monopolistic.[82]
On January 9, 2013, Baidu was still number one in the market, with 64.5% of the users, the closest competitor, Qihoo 360, who launched its own search engine in August, has already taken hold of 10.2% users. Following are Google and Sogou.[83]
By August 2014, Baidu's search market share in China has dropped to 56.3%, where Qihoo 360, its closest competitor who has rebranded its search engine as so.com, has increased its market share to 29.0%, according to report from CNZZ.com.[84]
In February 2015, Baidu was alleged to use anticompetitive tactics in Brazil against the Brazilian online security firm PSafe and Qihoo 360 (the largest investor of PSafe).[85][86]
Research and patents[edit]
Baidu has started to invest in deep learning research and is integrating new deep learning technology into some of its apps and products, including Phoenix Nest. Phoenix Nest is Baidu's ad-bidding platform.[87]
In April 2012 Baidu applied for a patent for its "DNA copyright recognition" technology. This technology automatically scans files that are uploaded by Internet users, and recognizes and filters out content that may violate copyright law. This allows Baidu to offer an infringement-free platform.[88][89]
Baidu has applied for a utility patent in the UK, for its proprietary site-wise search technology which is currently available in China.[citation needed]
Censorship[edit]
According to the China Digital Times, Baidu has a long history of being the most proactive and restrictive online censor in the search arena. Documents leaked in April 2009 from an employee in Baidu's internal monitoring and censorship department show a long list of blocked websites and censored topics on Baidu search.[90]
In May 2011, activists sued Baidu in the United States for violating the U.S. constitution by the censorship it conducts in accord with the demand of the Chinese government.[91] A U.S. judge has ruled[92] that the Chinese search engine Baidu has the right to block pro-democracy works from its query results, dismissing a lawsuit that sought to punish the company for Internet censorship.[citation needed]
Controversies[edit]
Baidu's reviews are mixed for in many fields and it is controversial. The examples are promoting and commercialization of Baidu Tieba.
Death of Wei Zexi[edit]
Main article: Death of Wei Zexi
In May 2016, Baidu's P4P search results reportedly caused the death of a student who tried an experimental cancer therapy he found online. The 21-year-old college student was named Wèi Zéxī (魏则西), who studied in Xidian University. Wei was diagnosed with synovial sarcoma, a rare form of cancer. He found the Second Hospital of the Beijing Armed Police Corps (武警北京市总队第二医院) through the search engine Baidu, on which the hospital had been promoting itself. The treatment proved to be unsuccessful.[citation needed]
After Wei's family spent around 200,000 yuan (around 31,150 USD) for treatment in the hospital, Wei Zexi died on April 12, 2016. The incident triggered massive online discussions after Wei's death. The fact that Baidu valued money way more than life kindled nationwide rage.[93] On May 2, 2016, Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC), the top watchdog for China's Internet space, dispatched a team of investigators to Baidu.[94] The case is still ongoing. One report claimed medical advertising makes up for 30% of Baidu's ad revenue, much of which comes from for-profit hospitals that belong to the "Putian Network", a collection of hospitals across the country founded by medical entrepreneurs associated with the Putian region of Fujian province.[95] The investigation led Chinese regulators to impose several restrictions on Baidu, including adding disclaimers to promotional content and establishing channels for complaints about Baidu services.[96]
Commercialization of Tieba[edit]
Baidu sold the hemophilia online community, one of the communities of Tieba, to unqualified hospitals. In January 2016, Baidu announced that it will stop selling all of its illness-related Tieba.[97]
See also[edit]

Software industry in China
China Software Industry Association
Intellectual property in the People's Republic of China
Censorship of the internet in China



China portal
Beijing portal
Companies portal
Internet portal


References[edit]


^ "Baidu - Investors - Management". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ a b "Baidu - Investors - Press Releases". Retrieved April 4, 2017. 
^ a b http://ir.baidu.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=188488&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=2248999
^ "Baidu - Investors - Investor FAQs". Retrieved Feb 14, 2017. 
^ "Baidu.com Site Overview". Alexa Internet. Retrieved December 28, 2016. 
^ "IR Contacts." Baidu. Retrieved on December 27, 2010. "Address: Baidu Campus, No. 10, Shangdi 10th Street, Haidian District, Beijing 100085 People's Republic of China."
^ "Baidu's 57 Products/Services: Introduction and History". China Analyst (CNAnalyst.com). 
^ "Alexa Top 500 Global Sites". Retrieved December 20, 2014. 
^ "The China Perspective, "China Economic Watch"".  }
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C. (December 10, 2007). "Search site moves at the speed of China". Los Angeles Times. 
^ "MSN Money – BIDU". MSN Money. Archived from the original on May 1, 2006. Retrieved 2006-05-11. 
^ Branigan, Tania. "Google to end censorship in China over cyber-attacks". Guardian. Retrieved 3 February 2014. 
^ "Baidu Music to merge with Taihe to take on Apple Music in China". Digital Market Asia. DMA News Desk. December 4, 2015. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ "The Baidu Story". Baidu. 
^ "Robin Li's vision powers Baidu's Internet search dominance", Taipei Times, September 17i, 2006.
^ Greenberg, Andy, "The Man Who's Beating Google", Forbes magazine, October 5, 2009
^ Yanhong Li, "Toward a Qualitative Search Engine," IEEE Internet Computing, vol. 2, no. 4, pp. 24–29, July/Aug. 1998, doi:10.1109/4236.707687
^ "About: RankDex", rankdex.com
^ USPTO, "Hypertext Document Retrieval System and Method", US Patent number: 5920859, Inventor: Yanhong Li, Filing date: Feb 5, 1997, Issue date: Jul 6, 1999
^ "Baidu Launched News Search Engine and Pictures Search Engine". 
^ "Baidu hacked by 'Iranian cyber army'". BBC News. 2010-01-12. Archived from the original on January 13, 2010. Retrieved 2010-01-12. 
^ "China's top search engine Baidu hacked". People's Daily. January 12, 2010. 
^ Branigan, Tania (January 12, 2010). "'Iranian' hackers paralyse Chinese search engine Baidu". The Guardian. London. 
^ Back, Aaron. "Baidu Sues Register.com, Alleges Negligence in Hacking Attack". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu: Registrar 'incredibly' changed our e-mail for hacker," Computer World, February 24, 2010. Accessed December 13, 2010.
^ "BBC News - Baidu workers arrested for 'deleting posts for money'". Bbc.co.uk. 2012-08-06. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Hsu, Alex (16 Jul 2013). "91 Wireless’ App Store Has Piracy and Other Legal Issues". BrightWire News. 
^ Baidu Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire NetDragon's Subsidiary 91 Wireless,Baidu Press Releases, August 14, 2013
^ Paul Carsten (14 August 2013). "Baidu says agrees to buy Netdragon's 91 Wireless for $1.85 billion". Reuters. 
^ "Sina and Baidu team up in China to focus on mobile". bbc.co.uk. July 31, 2012. 
^ "Baidu and Qualcomm partner to offer free cloud storage". Geeks Hut. 2012-11-19. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Baidu Launch Personal Assistant App for Android Phones,CHINA INTERNET WATCH, August 6, 2013
^ "Baidu Opens Silicon Valley Lab, Appoints Andrew Ng as Head of Baidu Research". PRNewswire.com. Retrieved 2017-06-03. 
^ Paul Bischoff (2014-07-18). "China web giant Baidu launches search engine in Brazil". Tech In Asia. Retrieved 2014-08-04. 
^ "China's Baidu buys control of Brazil's Peixe Urbano in expansion push". Reuters. 2014-12-04. 
^ Jon Russell (18 April 2017). "Baidu is making its self-driving car platform freely available to the automotive industry". TechCrunch. Retrieved 19 April 2017. 
^ Sangameswaran S (19 April 2017). "Baidu to launch self-driving car technology in July". REUTERS. Retrieved 19 April 2017. 
^ Darrell Etherington (1 June 2017). [  https://techcrunch.com/2017/06/01/baidu-teams-up-with-bosch-and-continental-on-self-driving-tech "Baidu teams up with Bosch and Continental on self-driving tech"] Check |url= value (help). TechCrunch. Retrieved 1 June 2017.  line feed character in |url= at position 2 (help)
^ "Baidu - Investors - Products". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "关于baiduspider". baidu.com. March 18, 2009. 
^ "Baiduspider User-Agent String". httpuseragent.org. March 17, 2009. 
^ "手机百度-海量新闻、上网最快、团购电影票最优惠的搜索 on the App Store". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Baidu Yun official website. Retrieved 2014-04-23.(in Chinese)
^ "Baidu Japan". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "China's Google in Japan". Infoniac.com. March 23, 2007. 
^ "After 8 years of failing, Baidu shuts Japan search engine". Tech IN Asia. April 17, 2015. 
^ "Google's Lookalike is Expanding in China". Gadget4boys.com. January 23, 2007. 
^ "百度Hi官网". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "xiangcun.baidu.com". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu will compile the rural digital Encyclopedia - BIC". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "百度新闻搜索——全球最大的中文新闻平台". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Lawton, Tait. "A Thorough Guide to Baidu Analytics (Baidu Tongji)". 
^ "Youa.com". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Discovery探索频道中文网". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Baidu keyword research tool.
^ "百度浏览器". Liulanqi.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ China's Baidu Joins Browser Battle, Wall Street Journal, July 20, 2011
^ Baidu's New Browser Looks Strikingly Familiar, China Real Time Report – WSJ, July 19, 2011
^ "Baidu Looks To Leapfrog Google With Cloud-Based Mobile OS (Update)". TechCrunch. September 2, 2011. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ "百度文库_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "百度经验_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. 2011-06-22. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "百度身边_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Fox Hu and Belinda Cao. Published Nov 2, 2013. Baidu's Qunar Rises After $167 Million IPO Exceeds Target. Bloomberg L.P.. Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ Qunar Cayman Islands Ltd Bloomberg L.P.. Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ http://blog.codexify.com/2015/09/bynow-you-all-must-be-familiar-with.html
^ "百度站长平台_让网站更具价值". zhanzhang.baidu.com. Retrieved 2015-09-21. 
^ "Baidu 101: An Overview of Baidu Webmaster Tools". Retrieved 2015-09-21. 
^ Lawton, Tait. "Baidu Pay Per Click: 7 Tips for a Successful Campaign". SearchEngineJournal.com. 
^ "Glogou Launches New Tools To Help Businesses Build Their Online Presence (And Ad Campaigns) In China". TechCrunch. 2012-11-06. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ 作者：清辰 (2012-11-07). "不懂中文没关系 Glogou帮助外企进军中国_互联网_科技时代_新浪网". Tech.sina.com.cn. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "Manage Baidu Ppc Registration". April 27, 2012. 
^ "百度联盟-让合作伙伴更强". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Lin, Susan. "Baidu's Content Network - Baidu Union". NanjingMarketingGroup.com. NanjingMarketingGroup.com. 
^ Statistics on Baidu's Annual Revenue, Baidu. March 2013.
^ Barboza, David (January 13, 2010). "Baidu's Gain from Departure Could Be China's Loss". The New York Times. 
^ "China Internet Users". 
^ Fletcher, Owen (August 3, 2010). "Baidu's CEO Pursues Long-Term Growth". Wall Street Journal. 
^ 传百度与Facebook签合作协议 – Baidu signed a cooperation agreement with Facebook, ThinkingChinese, April 14, 2011
^ "人人网，中国领先的实名制SNS社交网络。加入人人网，找到老同学，结识新朋友。". 
^ "开心网". 
^ Baidu and QQ aren't willing to remain outside the Chinese Social Network market, ThinkingChinese, April 2011
^ Yang, Yang (杨阳 Yáng Yáng). Translated by Guo Wei. "China's "Wikipedia" Submits Complaint about Baidu ." (Archive) The Economic Observer. March 4, 2011. Issue 508, Corporation, Page 28. Retrieved on October 26, 2012. Original article: "百度：我是大哥 我不叫度娘." Febinframe.php Archive])
^ "SEO in China - Top Innovative Agency". January 9, 2013. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Research, China Stock (September 1, 2014). "China Search Engine Market Share - August 2014". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Ruvolo, Julie. "Brazil Becomes A New Front In The Battle Between Baidu And Qihoo". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu's Alleged Anticompetitive Tactics in Brazil". April 14, 2015. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Hsu, Alex (15 July 2013). "Baidu Using Deep-Learning Technology to Boost Phoenix Nest Revenue". BrightWire News. 
^ [1] Archived February 18, 2015, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Baidu Applies for DNA Copyright Recognition Technology Patent". BrightWire. 
^ Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (1), Xiao Qiang, China Digital Times, April 30, 2009
Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (2)
Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (3)
^ Jonathan Stempel, "China, Baidu Sued In U.S. For Internet Censorship", Reuters, May 19, 2011.
^ "Zhang et al v. Baidu.Com Inc. et al". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Commentary: Death of college student raises questions on Baidu's ethics, People's Daily, 2016
^ China Focus: Investigation into Baidu after student death, Xinhua News Agency, 2016
^ Baidu, China's version of Google, is "evil," a growing number of users say, Quartz, 2016
^ China Orders Baidu to Revamp Advertising Results in Online Searches, The Wall Street Journal
^ Baidu to halt commercialization of Tieba health forums, China Daily, 2016


Further reading[edit]

Lee, Melanie (January 19, 2010). "NEWSMAKER-Baidu founder rules China's Web with pragmatism". Reuters.
Udeze, Chuka (March 26, 2012). Baidu Search to be Integrated by Apple on iOS Devices.
Kohout, Martin (October 30, 2014). "Spyware Baidu to Sony Xperia smartphones". FreeBit.cz.

External links[edit]
 Media related to Baidu at Wikimedia Commons

Official website



Business data for Baidu: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Baidu






Baidu Search Engine
Baidu News
Baidu MP3
Baidu Images
Baidu Video
Baidu Tieba
Baidu Zhidao
Baidu Maps
Baidu Space
Baidu Baike
Baidu Hi
Baidu Guoxue
Baidu Toolbar
Baidu Patents
Baidu Youa
Baifubao
Baidu 500
Hao123
Baidu Wenku
Baidu Yi
iQiyi

PPS.tv


Baidu Music










Links to related articles











v
t
e


Major Chinese Web portals






Baidu.com
NetEase [163.com]
Phoenix TV [ifeng.com]
Sina.com
Sohu.com
Tencent [qq.com]
TOM Online [tom.com]
R&C Media Group, Inc












v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx












v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecom
China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Web search engines



Active



AOL
Ahmia
Ask.com
Baidu
Bing
Blackle
Dogpile
DuckDuckGo
Ecosia
Exalead
Excite
GenieKnows
Gigablast
GoodSearch
Google
Info.com
Ixquick
Lycos
Naver
Qwant
Parsijoo
Picollator
SAPO
Scout
Seznam.cz
Sogou
Soso.com
Sputnik
Startpage
WebCrawler
YaCy
Yahoo!
Yandex
Yooz
Youdao





Inactive



A9.com
Aliweb
AlltheWeb
AltaVista
Blekko
Boogami
Cuil
Empas
Forestle
Go.com
Inktomi
JumpStation
LeapFish
Mugurdy
Northern Light
Powerset
Scroogle
SearchMe
Teoma
Viewzi
Vivisimo
Volunia
W3Catalog
Wikiseek
Yebol








Complete list
Comparison












v
t
e


Instant messaging



Protocols
(comparison)





Open




IMPP
IRC
Matrix
MTProto
RetroShare
Signal Protocol
SIP

MSRP
SIMPLE


Tox
XMPP

Jingle
WFP


Zephyr
DDP






Closed




MSNP
OSCAR

TOC


Skype
YMSG








Services



AIM
BAND
BlackBerry Messenger
Discord
Facebook Messenger
Google Allo
Google Hangouts
Google Talk
GroupMe
Hike Messenger
HipChat
ICQ
iGap
iMessage
IRC Networks
KakaoTalk
Kik
Libon
Line
Microsoft Messenger service
Nimbuzz
ooVoo
Palringo
Signal
Skype
Skype Qik
Slack
Snapchat
Tango
Telegram
QQ
Threema
Tox
Upptalk
Viber
WeChat
WhatsApp
Windows Messenger service
Yahoo! Messenger





Clients
(comparison)





Single protocol




Allo
AIM
Baidu Hi
BlackBerry Messenger
CSipSimple
Facebook Messenger
FaceTime
Fetion
Gadu-Gadu
GroupMe
IBM Sametime
ICQ
IMVU
Linphone
Palringo
RetroShare
Ricochet
Ring
Signal
Skype
Telegram
Tencent QQ
Tox
WeChat
WhatsApp
Wire
Wickr
Yahoo! Messenger






Multi-protocol




Adium
Ayttm
BitlBee
Centericq
eBuddy
Empathy
Fire
Gizmo5
Instantbird
Jitsi
Kopete
Messages/iChat
Miranda IM
Nimbuzz
Pidgin
QIP 2010
Skype for Business
Trillian
Telepathy
Upptalk
Xfire






XMPP (Jabber)




Bombus
ChatSecure
Conversations
Facebook Chat
Gajim
Google Talk
Psi
Tkabber
Spark






MSNP




aMSN
emesene
Windows Live Messenger
Windows Messenger
Skype








See also



Backchannel
Buddy profile
Chat log
Chatbot
Contact list
Emoticon
File sharing
Instant message service center
LAN messenger
Mobile instant messaging
Presence information
Shoutbox
SMS language
Status message
Videotelephony
Voice over IP
Webcam
Web chat
Circuit
eXo Platform
FirstClass
Flock
Fuze Box
Glip
Hall.com
Lua
Yammer















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Baidu&oldid=792078152"					
Categories: BaiduCompanies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQInternet search enginesChinese websitesOnline companiesInternet properties established in 2000Science and technology in the People's Republic of ChinaInternet companies of ChinaSoftware companies of ChinaMultinational companies headquartered in China2000 establishments in ChinaNotorious marketsChinese brandsChinese companies established in 2000Hidden categories: CS1 errors: invisible charactersPages with URL errorsArticles with Chinese-language external linksWebarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from July 2013Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from December 2016All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing Chinese-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2016Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011Articles with unsourced statements from April 2013Articles with unsourced statements from July 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡქართულიMagyarമലയാളംNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSlovenčinaSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt文言粵語中文डोटेली 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 09:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Baidu - Wikipedia






















 






Baidu

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Beidu, Beidou, or Baidul.

Baidu, Inc.





Type of site

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: BIDU
NASDAQ-100 Component


Founded
January 1, 2000; 17 years ago (2000-01-01)


Headquarters
Beijing, China


Area served
Worldwide


Key people
Robin Li (Chairman, CEO) [1]


Industry
Internet


Revenue

 CNY 70.549 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [2]




Operating income

 CNY 10.049 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [2]




Total assets

 CNY 181.997 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [3]




Total equity

 CNY 92.250 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [3]




Employees

(Mar 31, 2016) [4]
43,500


Website
www.baidu.com


Alexa rank
 4 (Global, December 2016[update])[5]







Baidu



Baidu headquarters, Haidian District, Beijing



Chinese
百度





Transcriptions


Standard Mandarin


Hanyu Pinyin
Bǎidù


Gwoyeu Romatzyh
Baeduh


Wade–Giles
Paitu


IPA
[pài.tû]


Wu


Romanization
Bah tu


Yue: Cantonese


Yale Romanization
Baakdoh


IPA
[pāːk.tòu̯]


Jyutping
Baak3 dou6


Southern Min


Hokkien POJ
Pah-to͘








Baidu, Inc. (Chinese: 百度; pinyin: Bǎidù, anglicized /ˈbaɪduː/ "BY-doo"), incorporated on 18 January 2000, is a Chinese web services company headquartered at the Baidu Campus in Beijing's Haidian District.[6] It is one of the largest Internet companies in the world.
Baidu offers many services, including a Chinese search engine for websites, audio files and images. Baidu offers 57 search and community services including Baidu Baike (an online, collaboratively built encyclopedia) and a searchable, keyword-based discussion forum.[7] Baidu was established in 2000 by Robin Li and Eric Xu. Both of the co-founders are Chinese nationals who studied and worked overseas before returning to China. In December 2016[update], Baidu ranked 4th overall in the Alexa Internet rankings.[8]
During Q4 of 2010, it is estimated that there were 4.02 billion search queries in China of which Baidu had a market share of 56.6%. China's Internet-search revenue share in second quarter 2011 by Baidu is 76%.[9] In December 2007, Baidu became the first Chinese company to be included in the NASDAQ-100 index.[10]
As of 2006, Baidu provided an index of over 740 million web pages, 80 million images, and 10 million multimedia files.[11] Baidu offers multimedia content including MP3 music, and movies, and is the first in China to offer Wireless Application Protocol (WAP) and personal digital assistant (PDA)-based mobile search.
Baidu Baike is similar to Wikipedia as an online encyclopedia; however, unlike Wikipedia, only registered users can edit the articles due to Chinese laws. While access to Wikipedia has been intermittently blocked or certain articles filtered in China since June 2004, there is some controversy about the degree to which Baidu cooperates with Chinese government censorship.[12]
The company also hosts a music service, called Baidu Music, that has more than 150 million monthly active users. On 4 December 2015, Baidu announced plans to merge with Taihe Entertainment Group to help the service compete with Apple Inc.'s Apple Music, which Apple plans to make available in China.[13]



Contents


1 Name
2 History

2.1 Early development
2.2 Domain name redirection
2.3 Baidu workers arrested
2.4 91 Wireless acquisition
2.5 2010s announcements


3 Services
4 Advertisements

4.1 Pay for placement (P4P)
4.2 ProTheme
4.3 Baidu TV


5 Baidu Union
6 Competition
7 Research and patents
8 Censorship
9 Controversies

9.1 Death of Wei Zexi
9.2 Commercialization of Tieba


10 See also
11 References
12 Further reading
13 External links



Name[edit]
The name Baidu (百度) literally means "a hundred times", or alternatively, "countless times". It is a quote from the last line of Xin Qiji (辛弃疾)'s classical poem "Green Jade Table in The Lantern Festival" (青玉案·元夕) saying: "Having searched thousands of times in the crowd, suddenly turning back, She is there in the dimmest candlelight." (众里寻他千百度，蓦然回首，那人却在灯火阑珊处。)[14]
History[edit]
Early development[edit]
In 1994, Robin Li (Li Yanhong, 李彦宏) joined IDD Information Services, a New Jersey division of Dow Jones and Company, where he helped develop software for the online edition of the Wall Street Journal.[15] He also worked on developing better algorithms for search engines and remained at IDD Information Services from May 1994 to June 1997.
In 1996, while at IDD, Li developed the RankDex site-scoring algorithm for search engines results page ranking[16][17][18] and received a US patent for the technology.[19] He later used this technology for the Baidu search engine.
In 2000, the company Baidu launched in Beijing, China. The first office was located in a hotel room, which was near Peking University from where Robin graduated.
In 2003, Baidu launched a news search engine and picture search engine, adopting a special identification technology capable of identifying and grouping the articles.[20]
Domain name redirection[edit]
On January 12, 2010, Baidu.com's DNS records in the United States were altered such that browsers to baidu.com were redirected to a website purporting to be the Iranian Cyber Army, thought to be behind the attack on Twitter during the 2009 Iranian election protests, making the proper site unusable for four hours.[21] Internet users were met with a page saying "This site has been attacked by Iranian Cyber Army".[22] Chinese hackers later responded by attacking Iranian websites and leaving messages.[23] Baidu later launched legal action against Register.com for gross negligence after it was revealed that Register.com's technical support staff changed the email address for Baidu.com on the request of an unnamed individual, despite failing security verification procedures. Once the address had been changed, the individual was able to use the forgotten password feature to have Baidu's domain passwords sent directly to them, allowing them to accomplish the domain hijacking.[24][25]
Baidu workers arrested[edit]
On August 6, 2012, the BBC reported that three employees of Baidu were arrested on suspicion that they accepted bribes. The bribes were allegedly paid for deleting posts from the forum service. Four people were fired in connection with these arrests.[26]
91 Wireless acquisition[edit]
On July 16, 2013, Baidu announced its intention to purchase 91 Wireless from NetDragon. 91 Wireless is best known for its app store, but it has been reported that the app store faces piracy and other legal issues.[27] On August 14, 2013, Baidu announced that its wholly owned subsidiary Baidu (Hong Kong) Limited has signed a definitive merger agreement to acquire 91 Wireless Web-soft Limited from NetDragon Web-soft Inc.[28] for $1.85 billion in what was reported to be the biggest deal ever in China's IT sector.[29]
2010s announcements[edit]
On July 31, 2012, Baidu announced they would team up with Sina to provide mobile search results.[30]
On November 18, 2012, Baidu announced that they would be partnering with Qualcomm to offer free cloud storage to Android users with Snapdragon processors.[31]
On August 2, 2013, Baidu launched its Personal Assistant app, designed to help CEOs, managers and the white-collar workers manage their business relationships.[32]
On May 16, 2014, Baidu appointed Dr. Andrew Ng as chief scientist. Dr. Ng will lead Baidu Research in Silicon Valley and Beijing.[33]
On July 18, 2014, the company launched a Brazilian version of the search engine, Baidu Busca.[34]
On October 9, 2014, Baidu announced acquisition of Brazilian local e-commerce site Peixe Urbano.[35]
In April 2017, Baidu announced to launch Apollo project, its self-driving vehicle platform in a bid to help drive the development of autonomous cars including vehicle platform, hardware platform, software platform and cloud data services.[36] Baidu plans to launch this project in July this year, before gradually introducing fully autonomous driving capabilities on highways and open city roads by 2020.[37]
In June 2017, Baidu partnered with Continental and Bosch, auto industry suppliers, on automated driving and connected cars.[38]
Services[edit]
Baidu offers several services[39] to locate information, products and services using Chinese-language search terms, such as, search by Chinese phonetics, advanced search, snapshots, spell checker, stock quotes, news, knows, postbar, images, video and space information, and weather, train and flight schedules and other local information. The user-agent string of Baidu search engine is Baiduspider.[40][41] Also, a Baidu application for Apple's iOS is available.[42]

Baidu Map (百度地图) is a desktop and mobile mapping solution similar to Google Maps, but covering only the Greater China region
Baidu Netdisk (百度网盘), formerly Baidu Cloud (百度云) is a cloud storage service that offers 2 TB of free data storage.[43]
Baidu started its Japanese language search service, run by Baidu Japan, the company's first regular service outside of China.[44] It includes a search bar for web pages and image searches, user help and advanced services.[45] The Japanese search engine closed on March 16, 2015.[46]
Baidu Post Bar (百度贴吧)provides users with a query-based searchable community to exchange views and share knowledge and experiences. It is an online community bound tightly with Baidu's search service.
Baidu News provides links to a selection of local, national and international news, and presents news stories in a searchable format, within minutes of their publication on the Web. Baidu News uses an automated process to display links to related headlines, which enables people to see many different viewpoints on the same story. Chinese government and Chinese industry sources stated that Baidu received a license from Beijing, which allows the search engine to become a full-fledged news website. Thus Baidu is able to provide its own reports, besides showing certain results as a search engine. Baidu is the first Chinese search engine to receive such a license.[47]
Baidu Knows (百度知道) provides users with a query-based searchable community to share knowledge and experience. Through Baidu Knows, registered members of Baidu Knows can post specific questions for other members to respond and also answer questions of other members.
Baidu MP3 Search provides algorithm-generated links to songs and other multimedia files provided by Internet content providers. Baidu started with a popular music search feature called "MP3 Search" and its comprehensive lists of popular Chinese music, Baidu 500, based on download numbers. Baidu locates file formats such as MP3, WMA and SWF. The multimedia search feature is mainly used in searches for Chinese pop music. While such works are copyrighted under Chinese law, Baidu claims on its legal disclaimer that linking to these files does not break Chinese law. This has led other local search engines to follow the practice, including Google China(Hong Kong), which uses an intermediate company called Top100 to offer a similar MP3 Search service.
Baidu Image Search enables users to search millions of images on the Internet. Baidu Image Search offers features such as search by image size and by image file type. Image listings are organized by various categories, which are updated automatically through algorithms.
Baidu Video Search enables users to search for and access through hyperlinks of online video clips that are hosted on third parties’ Websites.
Baidu Space the social networking service of Baidu, allows registered users to create personalized homepages in a query-based searchable community.[48] Registered users can post their Web logs, or blogs, photo album and certain personal information on their homepages and establish their own communities of friends who are also registered users. By July 2009, it had reached 100 million registered users
Baidu Baike, is China's largest online encyclopedia by users and page views/web traffic; second largest encyclopedia by article count (after Hudong).

China Digital Village Encyclopedia (中国数字乡村大百科全书), in June 2009, Baidu announced it would compile the largest digital rural encyclopedia in China, according to China Securities Journal. It is expected to include 500,000 administrative villages in China, covering 80% of the total 600,000 villages in China. Baidu is creating the content of this encyclopedia largely from participants of its "rural information competition" (乡村信息化大赛),[49] on which it has spent roughly five million yuan on incentives. Baidu sees China's rural areas as great potential for electronic business (e-business), evidenced by the fact that revenue grew the fastest from agriculture, forestry, animals, and fishery in the company's keyword promotion project, a crucial source of Baidu's total revenue. In addition to Baidu Encyclopedia, the company scales up keyword promotion and takes advantage of other products, such as Baidu Zhidao and Baidu Youa, to provide consultation, brand ad exhibitions and online network marketing/sales platform support, marketing information for rural tourism and promoting local products.[50]


Baidu Search Ranking provides listings of search terms based on daily search queries entered on Baidu.com. The listings are organized by categories and allow users to locate search terms on topics of interest.
Baidu Web Directory enables users to browse and search through websites that have been organized into categories.
Baidu Government Information Search allows users to search various regulations, rules, notices, and other information announced by People's Republic of China government entities.
Baidu Postal Code Search enables users to search postal codes in hundreds of cities in China.
Educational Website Search allows users to search the Websites of educational institutions. Baidu University Search allows users to search information on or browse through the Websites of specific universities in China
Baidu Legal Search enables users to search a database that contains national and local laws and regulations, cases, legal decisions, and law dictionaries.
Baidu Love is a query-based searchable community where registered users can write and post messages to loved ones.
Baidu Patent Search enables users to search for specific Chinese patents and provides basic patent information in the search results, including the patent's name, application number, filing date, issue date, inventor information and brief description of the patent.
Baidu Games is an online channel that allows users to search or browse through game-related news and content.
Baidu-Hexun Finance, a financial information Website,[51] with partner Hexun.com, a financial information service provider in China with news reporting and securities consulting licenses. Users can search or browse through economic and financial news, information relating to personal wealth management and related market statistics.
Baidu Statistics Search enables users to search statistics that have been published by the Government of the People's Republic of China
Baidu Entertainment is an online channel for entertainment-related news and content. Users can search or browse through news and other information relating to specific stars, movies, television series and music.
Baidu Tongji is Baidu's web analytics platform. It provides users with many reports about visitors to their website, such as a report on the source of visitors to their website, a user demographics report, reports on content viewed on site, and a heat map report.[52]
Baidu Dictionary provides users with lookup and text translation services between Chinese and English.
Baidu Youa, an online shopping/e-commerce platform through which businesses can sell their products and services at Baidu-registered stores.[53]
Baidu Desktop Search, a free, downloadable software, which enables users to search all files saved on their computer without launching a Web browser.
Baidu Sobar, a free, downloadable software, displayed on a browser's tool bar and makes the search function available on every Web page that a user browses.
Baidu Wireless provides various services for mobile phones, including a Chinese-input front end processor (FEP) for various popular operating systems including Android, Symbian S60v5, and Windows Mobile.
Baidu Anti-Virus offers anti-virus software products and computer virus-related news.
Baidu Safety Center, launched in 2008, provides users with free virus scanning, system repair and online security evaluations
Baidu Internet TV (known as Baidu Movies) allows users to search, watch and download free movies, television series, cartoons, and other programs hosted on its servers
Chinese-language voice assistant search services for Chinese speakers visiting Japan was launched in 2008, with partner Japanese personal handy-phone system operator Willcom Inc.
Discovery Networks Asia-Pacific,[54] joint venture with Discovery Communications, focusing on science, technology, space, natural history, engineering, paleontology, archaeology, history, and culture.
Baidu Index (known as Baidu Zhishu) allows users to look up the search volume and trend for certain hot keywords and phrases. It can serve as a Baidu keyword research tool.[55]
Baidu Bookmarks (known as Baidu Soucang) is a social bookmarking service supported by Baidu.com
Baidu Browser is a web browser first released[56] as a beta in July 2011.[57] It has been noted that the user interface looks very similar to Google Chrome/Chromium.[58]
Baidu Yi is a smartphone operating system based on Android OS, announced in September 2011.[59]
Baidu Library is an open online platform for users to share documents. All the documents in Baidu Library are uploaded by the users and Baidu does not edit or change the documents. Users can read and download lecture notes, exercises, sample exams, presentation slides, materials of various subjects, variety of documents templates, etc. However, it is not completely free. In order to download some documents, users should have enough Baidu points to cover the points asked by the uploaders. Users could gain Baidu points by making contribution to Baidu Library and other users, such as uploading documents, categorizing documents, evaluating documents, etc.[60]
Baidu Experience is a product of Baidu primarily focusing on supporting the users with practical problems. In other words, it helps the users to solve the "how to do" problem. It was launched in October 2010. In architecture, Baidu Experience has integrated and reformatted Baidu Encyclopedia and Baike Knows. The first difference between Baidu Experience and Baidu Knows is that the former concentrates on specific "how to do" problems while the later contains a wider range of problems. The second difference is that users could share their experience without being asked on Baidu Experience.[61]
Baidu around You is a searching and sharing platform aiming at supporting the users with making their consumption decisions. There are currently 7 main categories of information on Baidu around You, including food, shopping, recreation, hotels, fitness, beauty and traveling. In addition, Baidu around You provides the users with convenient services and local information, partially coming from the users and searchable by cities.[62]
Qunar (Qunar Cayman Islands Limited), travel-booking service controlled by Baidu. As of 2013, Qunar had 31.4 million active users and raised $167 Million at its initial public offering that year.[63] It is listed at NASDAQ: QUNR[64]
Baidu Duer: Another addition to the family of virtual assistants.[65]
Baidu Zhanzhang: The free suite of webmaster tools offered by Baidu.[66][67]

Advertisements[edit]
Baidu's primary advertising product is called Baidu Tuiguang and is similar to Google Adwords and Adsense. It is a pay per click advertising platform that allows advertisers to have their ads shown in Baidu search results pages and on other websites that are part of Baidu Union.
Baidu sells its advertising products via a network of resellers.[68]
Baidu's web administrative tools are all in Chinese, which makes it tough for non-Chinese speakers to use. Recently, a third-party company began to develop a tool with an English-language interface for Baidu advertising programs.[69][70]
Moreover, the service may only be used by advertisers with a registered business address in China or in several other East Asian countries.[71]
Pay for placement (P4P)[edit]
Baidu focuses on generating revenues primarily from online marketing services. Baidu's pay for placement (P4P) platform enables its customers to reach users who search for information related to their products or services. Customers use automated online tools to create text-based descriptions of their web pages and bid on keywords that trigger the display of their webpage information and link. Baidu's P4P platform features an automated online sign-up process that customers use to activate their accounts at any time. The P4P platform is an online marketplace that introduces Internet search users to customers who bid for priority placement in the search results. Baidu also uses third-party distributors to sell some of its online marketing services to end customers and offers discounts to these distributors in consideration of their services.
Baidu offers certain consultative services, such as keyword suggestions, account management and performance reporting. Baidu suggests synonyms and associated phrases to use as keywords or text in search listings. These suggestions can improve clickthrough rates of the customer's listing and increase the likelihood that a user will enter into a transaction with the customer. Baidu also provides online daily reports of the number of clickthroughs, clicked keywords and the total costs incurred, as well as statistical reports organized by geographic region.[citation needed]
ProTheme[edit]
Baidu offers ProTheme services to some of its Baidu Union members, which enable these members to display on their properties its customers' promotional links that are relevant to the subject and content of such members' properties. Baidu generates revenues from ProTheme services based on the number of clicks on its customers' links and share the revenues with its Baidu Union members in accordance with pre-agreed terms. Baidu's fixed-ranking services allow customers to display query-sensitive text links at a designated location on its search results pages. Its Targetizement services enable customers to reach their targeted Internet users by displaying their advertisements only when their targeted Internet users browse Baidu's certain Web pages.
Baidu TV[edit]
Baidu operates its advertising service, Baidu TV, in partnership with Ads it! Media Corporation, an online advertising agency and technology company. Baidu TV provides advertisers access to the websites of its Baidu Union members, allowing advertisers to choose Websites on which they post their video advertisements with the aid of its advertisement targeting and matching system. It also offers a brand advertising service, Brand-Link. In June 2008, Baidu launched My Marketing Center, a customized platform integrating industry information, market trends and business, and industry news and reports to assist existing customers in their sales and marketing efforts. Other forms of its online advertising services allow customers to display query sensitive and non-query sensitive advertisements on its websites, including graphical advertisements.
Baidu Union[edit]
Baidu Union consists of several third-party websites and software applications.[72] Union members incorporate a Baidu search box or toolbar and match its sponsored links with the content on their properties. Their users can conduct search via the Baidu search box or toolbar and can click the sponsored links located on their properties. Baidu has also launched programs through which it displays the online advertising of its customers on Baidu Union websites, and share the fees generated by these advertisements with the owners of these Baidu Union websites. As of May 2011, there were 230 thousand partner websites that displayed Baidu Union ads on their websites.[73]
Competition[edit]
Baidu[74] competes with 360 Search (www.so.com), Sogou Search (www.sogou.com), Yahoo! China, Microsoft's Bing and MSN Messenger, Sina, Wikipedia, NetEase's Youdao, Tencent's Soso.com and PaiPai, Alibaba's Taobao, TOM Online, and EachNet.
Baidu is the No. 1 search engine in China, controlling 63 percent of China's market share as of January 2010, according to iResearch.[75] The number of Internet users in China had reached 705 million by the end of 2015, according to a report by the internetlivestats.com.[76]
In an August 2010 Wall Street Journal article,[77] Baidu played down its benefit from Google's having moved its China search service to Hong Kong, but Baidu's share of revenue in China's search-advertising market grew six percentage points in the second quarter to 70%, according to Beijing-based research firm Analysys International.
It is also evident that Baidu is attempting to enter the Internet social network market. As of 2011[update], it is discussing the possibility of working with Facebook, which would lead to a Chinese version of the international social network, managed by Baidu.[78] This plan, if executed, would face off Baidu with competition from the three popular Chinese social networks Qzone, Renren[79] and Kaixin001[80] as well as induce rivalry with instant-messaging giant, Tencent QQ.[81]
On February 22, 2012, Hudong submitted a complaint to the State Administration for Industry and Commerce asking for a review of the behavior of Baidu, accusing it of being monopolistic.[82]
On January 9, 2013, Baidu was still number one in the market, with 64.5% of the users, the closest competitor, Qihoo 360, who launched its own search engine in August, has already taken hold of 10.2% users. Following are Google and Sogou.[83]
By August 2014, Baidu's search market share in China has dropped to 56.3%, where Qihoo 360, its closest competitor who has rebranded its search engine as so.com, has increased its market share to 29.0%, according to report from CNZZ.com.[84]
In February 2015, Baidu was alleged to use anticompetitive tactics in Brazil against the Brazilian online security firm PSafe and Qihoo 360 (the largest investor of PSafe).[85][86]
Research and patents[edit]
Baidu has started to invest in deep learning research and is integrating new deep learning technology into some of its apps and products, including Phoenix Nest. Phoenix Nest is Baidu's ad-bidding platform.[87]
In April 2012 Baidu applied for a patent for its "DNA copyright recognition" technology. This technology automatically scans files that are uploaded by Internet users, and recognizes and filters out content that may violate copyright law. This allows Baidu to offer an infringement-free platform.[88][89]
Baidu has applied for a utility patent in the UK, for its proprietary site-wise search technology which is currently available in China.[citation needed]
Censorship[edit]
According to the China Digital Times, Baidu has a long history of being the most proactive and restrictive online censor in the search arena. Documents leaked in April 2009 from an employee in Baidu's internal monitoring and censorship department show a long list of blocked websites and censored topics on Baidu search.[90]
In May 2011, activists sued Baidu in the United States for violating the U.S. constitution by the censorship it conducts in accord with the demand of the Chinese government.[91] A U.S. judge has ruled[92] that the Chinese search engine Baidu has the right to block pro-democracy works from its query results, dismissing a lawsuit that sought to punish the company for Internet censorship.[citation needed]
Controversies[edit]
Baidu's reviews are mixed for in many fields and it is controversial. The examples are promoting and commercialization of Baidu Tieba.
Death of Wei Zexi[edit]
Main article: Death of Wei Zexi
In May 2016, Baidu's P4P search results reportedly caused the death of a student who tried an experimental cancer therapy he found online. The 21-year-old college student was named Wèi Zéxī (魏则西), who studied in Xidian University. Wei was diagnosed with synovial sarcoma, a rare form of cancer. He found the Second Hospital of the Beijing Armed Police Corps (武警北京市总队第二医院) through the search engine Baidu, on which the hospital had been promoting itself. The treatment proved to be unsuccessful.[citation needed]
After Wei's family spent around 200,000 yuan (around 31,150 USD) for treatment in the hospital, Wei Zexi died on April 12, 2016. The incident triggered massive online discussions after Wei's death. The fact that Baidu valued money way more than life kindled nationwide rage.[93] On May 2, 2016, Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC), the top watchdog for China's Internet space, dispatched a team of investigators to Baidu.[94] The case is still ongoing. One report claimed medical advertising makes up for 30% of Baidu's ad revenue, much of which comes from for-profit hospitals that belong to the "Putian Network", a collection of hospitals across the country founded by medical entrepreneurs associated with the Putian region of Fujian province.[95] The investigation led Chinese regulators to impose several restrictions on Baidu, including adding disclaimers to promotional content and establishing channels for complaints about Baidu services.[96]
Commercialization of Tieba[edit]
Baidu sold the hemophilia online community, one of the communities of Tieba, to unqualified hospitals. In January 2016, Baidu announced that it will stop selling all of its illness-related Tieba.[97]
See also[edit]

Software industry in China
China Software Industry Association
Intellectual property in the People's Republic of China
Censorship of the internet in China



China portal
Beijing portal
Companies portal
Internet portal


References[edit]


^ "Baidu - Investors - Management". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ a b "Baidu - Investors - Press Releases". Retrieved April 4, 2017. 
^ a b http://ir.baidu.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=188488&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=2248999
^ "Baidu - Investors - Investor FAQs". Retrieved Feb 14, 2017. 
^ "Baidu.com Site Overview". Alexa Internet. Retrieved December 28, 2016. 
^ "IR Contacts." Baidu. Retrieved on December 27, 2010. "Address: Baidu Campus, No. 10, Shangdi 10th Street, Haidian District, Beijing 100085 People's Republic of China."
^ "Baidu's 57 Products/Services: Introduction and History". China Analyst (CNAnalyst.com). 
^ "Alexa Top 500 Global Sites". Retrieved December 20, 2014. 
^ "The China Perspective, "China Economic Watch"".  }
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C. (December 10, 2007). "Search site moves at the speed of China". Los Angeles Times. 
^ "MSN Money – BIDU". MSN Money. Archived from the original on May 1, 2006. Retrieved 2006-05-11. 
^ Branigan, Tania. "Google to end censorship in China over cyber-attacks". Guardian. Retrieved 3 February 2014. 
^ "Baidu Music to merge with Taihe to take on Apple Music in China". Digital Market Asia. DMA News Desk. December 4, 2015. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ "The Baidu Story". Baidu. 
^ "Robin Li's vision powers Baidu's Internet search dominance", Taipei Times, September 17i, 2006.
^ Greenberg, Andy, "The Man Who's Beating Google", Forbes magazine, October 5, 2009
^ Yanhong Li, "Toward a Qualitative Search Engine," IEEE Internet Computing, vol. 2, no. 4, pp. 24–29, July/Aug. 1998, doi:10.1109/4236.707687
^ "About: RankDex", rankdex.com
^ USPTO, "Hypertext Document Retrieval System and Method", US Patent number: 5920859, Inventor: Yanhong Li, Filing date: Feb 5, 1997, Issue date: Jul 6, 1999
^ "Baidu Launched News Search Engine and Pictures Search Engine". 
^ "Baidu hacked by 'Iranian cyber army'". BBC News. 2010-01-12. Archived from the original on January 13, 2010. Retrieved 2010-01-12. 
^ "China's top search engine Baidu hacked". People's Daily. January 12, 2010. 
^ Branigan, Tania (January 12, 2010). "'Iranian' hackers paralyse Chinese search engine Baidu". The Guardian. London. 
^ Back, Aaron. "Baidu Sues Register.com, Alleges Negligence in Hacking Attack". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu: Registrar 'incredibly' changed our e-mail for hacker," Computer World, February 24, 2010. Accessed December 13, 2010.
^ "BBC News - Baidu workers arrested for 'deleting posts for money'". Bbc.co.uk. 2012-08-06. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Hsu, Alex (16 Jul 2013). "91 Wireless’ App Store Has Piracy and Other Legal Issues". BrightWire News. 
^ Baidu Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire NetDragon's Subsidiary 91 Wireless,Baidu Press Releases, August 14, 2013
^ Paul Carsten (14 August 2013). "Baidu says agrees to buy Netdragon's 91 Wireless for $1.85 billion". Reuters. 
^ "Sina and Baidu team up in China to focus on mobile". bbc.co.uk. July 31, 2012. 
^ "Baidu and Qualcomm partner to offer free cloud storage". Geeks Hut. 2012-11-19. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Baidu Launch Personal Assistant App for Android Phones,CHINA INTERNET WATCH, August 6, 2013
^ "Baidu Opens Silicon Valley Lab, Appoints Andrew Ng as Head of Baidu Research". PRNewswire.com. Retrieved 2017-06-03. 
^ Paul Bischoff (2014-07-18). "China web giant Baidu launches search engine in Brazil". Tech In Asia. Retrieved 2014-08-04. 
^ "China's Baidu buys control of Brazil's Peixe Urbano in expansion push". Reuters. 2014-12-04. 
^ Jon Russell (18 April 2017). "Baidu is making its self-driving car platform freely available to the automotive industry". TechCrunch. Retrieved 19 April 2017. 
^ Sangameswaran S (19 April 2017). "Baidu to launch self-driving car technology in July". REUTERS. Retrieved 19 April 2017. 
^ Darrell Etherington (1 June 2017). [  https://techcrunch.com/2017/06/01/baidu-teams-up-with-bosch-and-continental-on-self-driving-tech "Baidu teams up with Bosch and Continental on self-driving tech"] Check |url= value (help). TechCrunch. Retrieved 1 June 2017.  line feed character in |url= at position 2 (help)
^ "Baidu - Investors - Products". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "关于baiduspider". baidu.com. March 18, 2009. 
^ "Baiduspider User-Agent String". httpuseragent.org. March 17, 2009. 
^ "手机百度-海量新闻、上网最快、团购电影票最优惠的搜索 on the App Store". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Baidu Yun official website. Retrieved 2014-04-23.(in Chinese)
^ "Baidu Japan". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "China's Google in Japan". Infoniac.com. March 23, 2007. 
^ "After 8 years of failing, Baidu shuts Japan search engine". Tech IN Asia. April 17, 2015. 
^ "Google's Lookalike is Expanding in China". Gadget4boys.com. January 23, 2007. 
^ "百度Hi官网". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "xiangcun.baidu.com". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu will compile the rural digital Encyclopedia - BIC". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "百度新闻搜索——全球最大的中文新闻平台". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Lawton, Tait. "A Thorough Guide to Baidu Analytics (Baidu Tongji)". 
^ "Youa.com". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Discovery探索频道中文网". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Baidu keyword research tool.
^ "百度浏览器". Liulanqi.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ China's Baidu Joins Browser Battle, Wall Street Journal, July 20, 2011
^ Baidu's New Browser Looks Strikingly Familiar, China Real Time Report – WSJ, July 19, 2011
^ "Baidu Looks To Leapfrog Google With Cloud-Based Mobile OS (Update)". TechCrunch. September 2, 2011. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ "百度文库_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "百度经验_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. 2011-06-22. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "百度身边_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Fox Hu and Belinda Cao. Published Nov 2, 2013. Baidu's Qunar Rises After $167 Million IPO Exceeds Target. Bloomberg L.P.. Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ Qunar Cayman Islands Ltd Bloomberg L.P.. Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ http://blog.codexify.com/2015/09/bynow-you-all-must-be-familiar-with.html
^ "百度站长平台_让网站更具价值". zhanzhang.baidu.com. Retrieved 2015-09-21. 
^ "Baidu 101: An Overview of Baidu Webmaster Tools". Retrieved 2015-09-21. 
^ Lawton, Tait. "Baidu Pay Per Click: 7 Tips for a Successful Campaign". SearchEngineJournal.com. 
^ "Glogou Launches New Tools To Help Businesses Build Their Online Presence (And Ad Campaigns) In China". TechCrunch. 2012-11-06. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ 作者：清辰 (2012-11-07). "不懂中文没关系 Glogou帮助外企进军中国_互联网_科技时代_新浪网". Tech.sina.com.cn. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "Manage Baidu Ppc Registration". April 27, 2012. 
^ "百度联盟-让合作伙伴更强". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Lin, Susan. "Baidu's Content Network - Baidu Union". NanjingMarketingGroup.com. NanjingMarketingGroup.com. 
^ Statistics on Baidu's Annual Revenue, Baidu. March 2013.
^ Barboza, David (January 13, 2010). "Baidu's Gain from Departure Could Be China's Loss". The New York Times. 
^ "China Internet Users". 
^ Fletcher, Owen (August 3, 2010). "Baidu's CEO Pursues Long-Term Growth". Wall Street Journal. 
^ 传百度与Facebook签合作协议 – Baidu signed a cooperation agreement with Facebook, ThinkingChinese, April 14, 2011
^ "人人网，中国领先的实名制SNS社交网络。加入人人网，找到老同学，结识新朋友。". 
^ "开心网". 
^ Baidu and QQ aren't willing to remain outside the Chinese Social Network market, ThinkingChinese, April 2011
^ Yang, Yang (杨阳 Yáng Yáng). Translated by Guo Wei. "China's "Wikipedia" Submits Complaint about Baidu ." (Archive) The Economic Observer. March 4, 2011. Issue 508, Corporation, Page 28. Retrieved on October 26, 2012. Original article: "百度：我是大哥 我不叫度娘." Febinframe.php Archive])
^ "SEO in China - Top Innovative Agency". January 9, 2013. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Research, China Stock (September 1, 2014). "China Search Engine Market Share - August 2014". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Ruvolo, Julie. "Brazil Becomes A New Front In The Battle Between Baidu And Qihoo". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu's Alleged Anticompetitive Tactics in Brazil". April 14, 2015. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Hsu, Alex (15 July 2013). "Baidu Using Deep-Learning Technology to Boost Phoenix Nest Revenue". BrightWire News. 
^ [1] Archived February 18, 2015, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Baidu Applies for DNA Copyright Recognition Technology Patent". BrightWire. 
^ Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (1), Xiao Qiang, China Digital Times, April 30, 2009
Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (2)
Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (3)
^ Jonathan Stempel, "China, Baidu Sued In U.S. For Internet Censorship", Reuters, May 19, 2011.
^ "Zhang et al v. Baidu.Com Inc. et al". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Commentary: Death of college student raises questions on Baidu's ethics, People's Daily, 2016
^ China Focus: Investigation into Baidu after student death, Xinhua News Agency, 2016
^ Baidu, China's version of Google, is "evil," a growing number of users say, Quartz, 2016
^ China Orders Baidu to Revamp Advertising Results in Online Searches, The Wall Street Journal
^ Baidu to halt commercialization of Tieba health forums, China Daily, 2016


Further reading[edit]

Lee, Melanie (January 19, 2010). "NEWSMAKER-Baidu founder rules China's Web with pragmatism". Reuters.
Udeze, Chuka (March 26, 2012). Baidu Search to be Integrated by Apple on iOS Devices.
Kohout, Martin (October 30, 2014). "Spyware Baidu to Sony Xperia smartphones". FreeBit.cz.

External links[edit]
 Media related to Baidu at Wikimedia Commons

Official website



Business data for Baidu: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Baidu






Baidu Search Engine
Baidu News
Baidu MP3
Baidu Images
Baidu Video
Baidu Tieba
Baidu Zhidao
Baidu Maps
Baidu Space
Baidu Baike
Baidu Hi
Baidu Guoxue
Baidu Toolbar
Baidu Patents
Baidu Youa
Baifubao
Baidu 500
Hao123
Baidu Wenku
Baidu Yi
iQiyi

PPS.tv


Baidu Music










Links to related articles











v
t
e


Major Chinese Web portals






Baidu.com
NetEase [163.com]
Phoenix TV [ifeng.com]
Sina.com
Sohu.com
Tencent [qq.com]
TOM Online [tom.com]
R&C Media Group, Inc












v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx












v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecom
China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Web search engines



Active



AOL
Ahmia
Ask.com
Baidu
Bing
Blackle
Dogpile
DuckDuckGo
Ecosia
Exalead
Excite
GenieKnows
Gigablast
GoodSearch
Google
Info.com
Ixquick
Lycos
Naver
Qwant
Parsijoo
Picollator
SAPO
Scout
Seznam.cz
Sogou
Soso.com
Sputnik
Startpage
WebCrawler
YaCy
Yahoo!
Yandex
Yooz
Youdao





Inactive



A9.com
Aliweb
AlltheWeb
AltaVista
Blekko
Boogami
Cuil
Empas
Forestle
Go.com
Inktomi
JumpStation
LeapFish
Mugurdy
Northern Light
Powerset
Scroogle
SearchMe
Teoma
Viewzi
Vivisimo
Volunia
W3Catalog
Wikiseek
Yebol








Complete list
Comparison












v
t
e


Instant messaging



Protocols
(comparison)





Open




IMPP
IRC
Matrix
MTProto
RetroShare
Signal Protocol
SIP

MSRP
SIMPLE


Tox
XMPP

Jingle
WFP


Zephyr
DDP






Closed




MSNP
OSCAR

TOC


Skype
YMSG








Services



AIM
BAND
BlackBerry Messenger
Discord
Facebook Messenger
Google Allo
Google Hangouts
Google Talk
GroupMe
Hike Messenger
HipChat
ICQ
iGap
iMessage
IRC Networks
KakaoTalk
Kik
Libon
Line
Microsoft Messenger service
Nimbuzz
ooVoo
Palringo
Signal
Skype
Skype Qik
Slack
Snapchat
Tango
Telegram
QQ
Threema
Tox
Upptalk
Viber
WeChat
WhatsApp
Windows Messenger service
Yahoo! Messenger





Clients
(comparison)





Single protocol




Allo
AIM
Baidu Hi
BlackBerry Messenger
CSipSimple
Facebook Messenger
FaceTime
Fetion
Gadu-Gadu
GroupMe
IBM Sametime
ICQ
IMVU
Linphone
Palringo
RetroShare
Ricochet
Ring
Signal
Skype
Telegram
Tencent QQ
Tox
WeChat
WhatsApp
Wire
Wickr
Yahoo! Messenger






Multi-protocol




Adium
Ayttm
BitlBee
Centericq
eBuddy
Empathy
Fire
Gizmo5
Instantbird
Jitsi
Kopete
Messages/iChat
Miranda IM
Nimbuzz
Pidgin
QIP 2010
Skype for Business
Trillian
Telepathy
Upptalk
Xfire






XMPP (Jabber)




Bombus
ChatSecure
Conversations
Facebook Chat
Gajim
Google Talk
Psi
Tkabber
Spark






MSNP




aMSN
emesene
Windows Live Messenger
Windows Messenger
Skype








See also



Backchannel
Buddy profile
Chat log
Chatbot
Contact list
Emoticon
File sharing
Instant message service center
LAN messenger
Mobile instant messaging
Presence information
Shoutbox
SMS language
Status message
Videotelephony
Voice over IP
Webcam
Web chat
Circuit
eXo Platform
FirstClass
Flock
Fuze Box
Glip
Hall.com
Lua
Yammer















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Baidu&oldid=792078152"					
Categories: BaiduCompanies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQInternet search enginesChinese websitesOnline companiesInternet properties established in 2000Science and technology in the People's Republic of ChinaInternet companies of ChinaSoftware companies of ChinaMultinational companies headquartered in China2000 establishments in ChinaNotorious marketsChinese brandsChinese companies established in 2000Hidden categories: CS1 errors: invisible charactersPages with URL errorsArticles with Chinese-language external linksWebarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from July 2013Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from December 2016All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing Chinese-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2016Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011Articles with unsourced statements from April 2013Articles with unsourced statements from July 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡქართულიMagyarമലയാളംNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSlovenčinaSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt文言粵語中文डोटेली 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 09:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Baidu - Wikipedia






















 






Baidu

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Beidu, Beidou, or Baidul.

Baidu, Inc.





Type of site

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: BIDU
NASDAQ-100 Component


Founded
January 1, 2000; 17 years ago (2000-01-01)


Headquarters
Beijing, China


Area served
Worldwide


Key people
Robin Li (Chairman, CEO) [1]


Industry
Internet


Revenue

 CNY 70.549 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [2]




Operating income

 CNY 10.049 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [2]




Total assets

 CNY 181.997 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [3]




Total equity

 CNY 92.250 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [3]




Employees

(Mar 31, 2016) [4]
43,500


Website
www.baidu.com


Alexa rank
 4 (Global, December 2016[update])[5]







Baidu



Baidu headquarters, Haidian District, Beijing



Chinese
百度





Transcriptions


Standard Mandarin


Hanyu Pinyin
Bǎidù


Gwoyeu Romatzyh
Baeduh


Wade–Giles
Paitu


IPA
[pài.tû]


Wu


Romanization
Bah tu


Yue: Cantonese


Yale Romanization
Baakdoh


IPA
[pāːk.tòu̯]


Jyutping
Baak3 dou6


Southern Min


Hokkien POJ
Pah-to͘








Baidu, Inc. (Chinese: 百度; pinyin: Bǎidù, anglicized /ˈbaɪduː/ "BY-doo"), incorporated on 18 January 2000, is a Chinese web services company headquartered at the Baidu Campus in Beijing's Haidian District.[6] It is one of the largest Internet companies in the world.
Baidu offers many services, including a Chinese search engine for websites, audio files and images. Baidu offers 57 search and community services including Baidu Baike (an online, collaboratively built encyclopedia) and a searchable, keyword-based discussion forum.[7] Baidu was established in 2000 by Robin Li and Eric Xu. Both of the co-founders are Chinese nationals who studied and worked overseas before returning to China. In December 2016[update], Baidu ranked 4th overall in the Alexa Internet rankings.[8]
During Q4 of 2010, it is estimated that there were 4.02 billion search queries in China of which Baidu had a market share of 56.6%. China's Internet-search revenue share in second quarter 2011 by Baidu is 76%.[9] In December 2007, Baidu became the first Chinese company to be included in the NASDAQ-100 index.[10]
As of 2006, Baidu provided an index of over 740 million web pages, 80 million images, and 10 million multimedia files.[11] Baidu offers multimedia content including MP3 music, and movies, and is the first in China to offer Wireless Application Protocol (WAP) and personal digital assistant (PDA)-based mobile search.
Baidu Baike is similar to Wikipedia as an online encyclopedia; however, unlike Wikipedia, only registered users can edit the articles due to Chinese laws. While access to Wikipedia has been intermittently blocked or certain articles filtered in China since June 2004, there is some controversy about the degree to which Baidu cooperates with Chinese government censorship.[12]
The company also hosts a music service, called Baidu Music, that has more than 150 million monthly active users. On 4 December 2015, Baidu announced plans to merge with Taihe Entertainment Group to help the service compete with Apple Inc.'s Apple Music, which Apple plans to make available in China.[13]



Contents


1 Name
2 History

2.1 Early development
2.2 Domain name redirection
2.3 Baidu workers arrested
2.4 91 Wireless acquisition
2.5 2010s announcements


3 Services
4 Advertisements

4.1 Pay for placement (P4P)
4.2 ProTheme
4.3 Baidu TV


5 Baidu Union
6 Competition
7 Research and patents
8 Censorship
9 Controversies

9.1 Death of Wei Zexi
9.2 Commercialization of Tieba


10 See also
11 References
12 Further reading
13 External links



Name[edit]
The name Baidu (百度) literally means "a hundred times", or alternatively, "countless times". It is a quote from the last line of Xin Qiji (辛弃疾)'s classical poem "Green Jade Table in The Lantern Festival" (青玉案·元夕) saying: "Having searched thousands of times in the crowd, suddenly turning back, She is there in the dimmest candlelight." (众里寻他千百度，蓦然回首，那人却在灯火阑珊处。)[14]
History[edit]
Early development[edit]
In 1994, Robin Li (Li Yanhong, 李彦宏) joined IDD Information Services, a New Jersey division of Dow Jones and Company, where he helped develop software for the online edition of the Wall Street Journal.[15] He also worked on developing better algorithms for search engines and remained at IDD Information Services from May 1994 to June 1997.
In 1996, while at IDD, Li developed the RankDex site-scoring algorithm for search engines results page ranking[16][17][18] and received a US patent for the technology.[19] He later used this technology for the Baidu search engine.
In 2000, the company Baidu launched in Beijing, China. The first office was located in a hotel room, which was near Peking University from where Robin graduated.
In 2003, Baidu launched a news search engine and picture search engine, adopting a special identification technology capable of identifying and grouping the articles.[20]
Domain name redirection[edit]
On January 12, 2010, Baidu.com's DNS records in the United States were altered such that browsers to baidu.com were redirected to a website purporting to be the Iranian Cyber Army, thought to be behind the attack on Twitter during the 2009 Iranian election protests, making the proper site unusable for four hours.[21] Internet users were met with a page saying "This site has been attacked by Iranian Cyber Army".[22] Chinese hackers later responded by attacking Iranian websites and leaving messages.[23] Baidu later launched legal action against Register.com for gross negligence after it was revealed that Register.com's technical support staff changed the email address for Baidu.com on the request of an unnamed individual, despite failing security verification procedures. Once the address had been changed, the individual was able to use the forgotten password feature to have Baidu's domain passwords sent directly to them, allowing them to accomplish the domain hijacking.[24][25]
Baidu workers arrested[edit]
On August 6, 2012, the BBC reported that three employees of Baidu were arrested on suspicion that they accepted bribes. The bribes were allegedly paid for deleting posts from the forum service. Four people were fired in connection with these arrests.[26]
91 Wireless acquisition[edit]
On July 16, 2013, Baidu announced its intention to purchase 91 Wireless from NetDragon. 91 Wireless is best known for its app store, but it has been reported that the app store faces piracy and other legal issues.[27] On August 14, 2013, Baidu announced that its wholly owned subsidiary Baidu (Hong Kong) Limited has signed a definitive merger agreement to acquire 91 Wireless Web-soft Limited from NetDragon Web-soft Inc.[28] for $1.85 billion in what was reported to be the biggest deal ever in China's IT sector.[29]
2010s announcements[edit]
On July 31, 2012, Baidu announced they would team up with Sina to provide mobile search results.[30]
On November 18, 2012, Baidu announced that they would be partnering with Qualcomm to offer free cloud storage to Android users with Snapdragon processors.[31]
On August 2, 2013, Baidu launched its Personal Assistant app, designed to help CEOs, managers and the white-collar workers manage their business relationships.[32]
On May 16, 2014, Baidu appointed Dr. Andrew Ng as chief scientist. Dr. Ng will lead Baidu Research in Silicon Valley and Beijing.[33]
On July 18, 2014, the company launched a Brazilian version of the search engine, Baidu Busca.[34]
On October 9, 2014, Baidu announced acquisition of Brazilian local e-commerce site Peixe Urbano.[35]
In April 2017, Baidu announced to launch Apollo project, its self-driving vehicle platform in a bid to help drive the development of autonomous cars including vehicle platform, hardware platform, software platform and cloud data services.[36] Baidu plans to launch this project in July this year, before gradually introducing fully autonomous driving capabilities on highways and open city roads by 2020.[37]
In June 2017, Baidu partnered with Continental and Bosch, auto industry suppliers, on automated driving and connected cars.[38]
Services[edit]
Baidu offers several services[39] to locate information, products and services using Chinese-language search terms, such as, search by Chinese phonetics, advanced search, snapshots, spell checker, stock quotes, news, knows, postbar, images, video and space information, and weather, train and flight schedules and other local information. The user-agent string of Baidu search engine is Baiduspider.[40][41] Also, a Baidu application for Apple's iOS is available.[42]

Baidu Map (百度地图) is a desktop and mobile mapping solution similar to Google Maps, but covering only the Greater China region
Baidu Netdisk (百度网盘), formerly Baidu Cloud (百度云) is a cloud storage service that offers 2 TB of free data storage.[43]
Baidu started its Japanese language search service, run by Baidu Japan, the company's first regular service outside of China.[44] It includes a search bar for web pages and image searches, user help and advanced services.[45] The Japanese search engine closed on March 16, 2015.[46]
Baidu Post Bar (百度贴吧)provides users with a query-based searchable community to exchange views and share knowledge and experiences. It is an online community bound tightly with Baidu's search service.
Baidu News provides links to a selection of local, national and international news, and presents news stories in a searchable format, within minutes of their publication on the Web. Baidu News uses an automated process to display links to related headlines, which enables people to see many different viewpoints on the same story. Chinese government and Chinese industry sources stated that Baidu received a license from Beijing, which allows the search engine to become a full-fledged news website. Thus Baidu is able to provide its own reports, besides showing certain results as a search engine. Baidu is the first Chinese search engine to receive such a license.[47]
Baidu Knows (百度知道) provides users with a query-based searchable community to share knowledge and experience. Through Baidu Knows, registered members of Baidu Knows can post specific questions for other members to respond and also answer questions of other members.
Baidu MP3 Search provides algorithm-generated links to songs and other multimedia files provided by Internet content providers. Baidu started with a popular music search feature called "MP3 Search" and its comprehensive lists of popular Chinese music, Baidu 500, based on download numbers. Baidu locates file formats such as MP3, WMA and SWF. The multimedia search feature is mainly used in searches for Chinese pop music. While such works are copyrighted under Chinese law, Baidu claims on its legal disclaimer that linking to these files does not break Chinese law. This has led other local search engines to follow the practice, including Google China(Hong Kong), which uses an intermediate company called Top100 to offer a similar MP3 Search service.
Baidu Image Search enables users to search millions of images on the Internet. Baidu Image Search offers features such as search by image size and by image file type. Image listings are organized by various categories, which are updated automatically through algorithms.
Baidu Video Search enables users to search for and access through hyperlinks of online video clips that are hosted on third parties’ Websites.
Baidu Space the social networking service of Baidu, allows registered users to create personalized homepages in a query-based searchable community.[48] Registered users can post their Web logs, or blogs, photo album and certain personal information on their homepages and establish their own communities of friends who are also registered users. By July 2009, it had reached 100 million registered users
Baidu Baike, is China's largest online encyclopedia by users and page views/web traffic; second largest encyclopedia by article count (after Hudong).

China Digital Village Encyclopedia (中国数字乡村大百科全书), in June 2009, Baidu announced it would compile the largest digital rural encyclopedia in China, according to China Securities Journal. It is expected to include 500,000 administrative villages in China, covering 80% of the total 600,000 villages in China. Baidu is creating the content of this encyclopedia largely from participants of its "rural information competition" (乡村信息化大赛),[49] on which it has spent roughly five million yuan on incentives. Baidu sees China's rural areas as great potential for electronic business (e-business), evidenced by the fact that revenue grew the fastest from agriculture, forestry, animals, and fishery in the company's keyword promotion project, a crucial source of Baidu's total revenue. In addition to Baidu Encyclopedia, the company scales up keyword promotion and takes advantage of other products, such as Baidu Zhidao and Baidu Youa, to provide consultation, brand ad exhibitions and online network marketing/sales platform support, marketing information for rural tourism and promoting local products.[50]


Baidu Search Ranking provides listings of search terms based on daily search queries entered on Baidu.com. The listings are organized by categories and allow users to locate search terms on topics of interest.
Baidu Web Directory enables users to browse and search through websites that have been organized into categories.
Baidu Government Information Search allows users to search various regulations, rules, notices, and other information announced by People's Republic of China government entities.
Baidu Postal Code Search enables users to search postal codes in hundreds of cities in China.
Educational Website Search allows users to search the Websites of educational institutions. Baidu University Search allows users to search information on or browse through the Websites of specific universities in China
Baidu Legal Search enables users to search a database that contains national and local laws and regulations, cases, legal decisions, and law dictionaries.
Baidu Love is a query-based searchable community where registered users can write and post messages to loved ones.
Baidu Patent Search enables users to search for specific Chinese patents and provides basic patent information in the search results, including the patent's name, application number, filing date, issue date, inventor information and brief description of the patent.
Baidu Games is an online channel that allows users to search or browse through game-related news and content.
Baidu-Hexun Finance, a financial information Website,[51] with partner Hexun.com, a financial information service provider in China with news reporting and securities consulting licenses. Users can search or browse through economic and financial news, information relating to personal wealth management and related market statistics.
Baidu Statistics Search enables users to search statistics that have been published by the Government of the People's Republic of China
Baidu Entertainment is an online channel for entertainment-related news and content. Users can search or browse through news and other information relating to specific stars, movies, television series and music.
Baidu Tongji is Baidu's web analytics platform. It provides users with many reports about visitors to their website, such as a report on the source of visitors to their website, a user demographics report, reports on content viewed on site, and a heat map report.[52]
Baidu Dictionary provides users with lookup and text translation services between Chinese and English.
Baidu Youa, an online shopping/e-commerce platform through which businesses can sell their products and services at Baidu-registered stores.[53]
Baidu Desktop Search, a free, downloadable software, which enables users to search all files saved on their computer without launching a Web browser.
Baidu Sobar, a free, downloadable software, displayed on a browser's tool bar and makes the search function available on every Web page that a user browses.
Baidu Wireless provides various services for mobile phones, including a Chinese-input front end processor (FEP) for various popular operating systems including Android, Symbian S60v5, and Windows Mobile.
Baidu Anti-Virus offers anti-virus software products and computer virus-related news.
Baidu Safety Center, launched in 2008, provides users with free virus scanning, system repair and online security evaluations
Baidu Internet TV (known as Baidu Movies) allows users to search, watch and download free movies, television series, cartoons, and other programs hosted on its servers
Chinese-language voice assistant search services for Chinese speakers visiting Japan was launched in 2008, with partner Japanese personal handy-phone system operator Willcom Inc.
Discovery Networks Asia-Pacific,[54] joint venture with Discovery Communications, focusing on science, technology, space, natural history, engineering, paleontology, archaeology, history, and culture.
Baidu Index (known as Baidu Zhishu) allows users to look up the search volume and trend for certain hot keywords and phrases. It can serve as a Baidu keyword research tool.[55]
Baidu Bookmarks (known as Baidu Soucang) is a social bookmarking service supported by Baidu.com
Baidu Browser is a web browser first released[56] as a beta in July 2011.[57] It has been noted that the user interface looks very similar to Google Chrome/Chromium.[58]
Baidu Yi is a smartphone operating system based on Android OS, announced in September 2011.[59]
Baidu Library is an open online platform for users to share documents. All the documents in Baidu Library are uploaded by the users and Baidu does not edit or change the documents. Users can read and download lecture notes, exercises, sample exams, presentation slides, materials of various subjects, variety of documents templates, etc. However, it is not completely free. In order to download some documents, users should have enough Baidu points to cover the points asked by the uploaders. Users could gain Baidu points by making contribution to Baidu Library and other users, such as uploading documents, categorizing documents, evaluating documents, etc.[60]
Baidu Experience is a product of Baidu primarily focusing on supporting the users with practical problems. In other words, it helps the users to solve the "how to do" problem. It was launched in October 2010. In architecture, Baidu Experience has integrated and reformatted Baidu Encyclopedia and Baike Knows. The first difference between Baidu Experience and Baidu Knows is that the former concentrates on specific "how to do" problems while the later contains a wider range of problems. The second difference is that users could share their experience without being asked on Baidu Experience.[61]
Baidu around You is a searching and sharing platform aiming at supporting the users with making their consumption decisions. There are currently 7 main categories of information on Baidu around You, including food, shopping, recreation, hotels, fitness, beauty and traveling. In addition, Baidu around You provides the users with convenient services and local information, partially coming from the users and searchable by cities.[62]
Qunar (Qunar Cayman Islands Limited), travel-booking service controlled by Baidu. As of 2013, Qunar had 31.4 million active users and raised $167 Million at its initial public offering that year.[63] It is listed at NASDAQ: QUNR[64]
Baidu Duer: Another addition to the family of virtual assistants.[65]
Baidu Zhanzhang: The free suite of webmaster tools offered by Baidu.[66][67]

Advertisements[edit]
Baidu's primary advertising product is called Baidu Tuiguang and is similar to Google Adwords and Adsense. It is a pay per click advertising platform that allows advertisers to have their ads shown in Baidu search results pages and on other websites that are part of Baidu Union.
Baidu sells its advertising products via a network of resellers.[68]
Baidu's web administrative tools are all in Chinese, which makes it tough for non-Chinese speakers to use. Recently, a third-party company began to develop a tool with an English-language interface for Baidu advertising programs.[69][70]
Moreover, the service may only be used by advertisers with a registered business address in China or in several other East Asian countries.[71]
Pay for placement (P4P)[edit]
Baidu focuses on generating revenues primarily from online marketing services. Baidu's pay for placement (P4P) platform enables its customers to reach users who search for information related to their products or services. Customers use automated online tools to create text-based descriptions of their web pages and bid on keywords that trigger the display of their webpage information and link. Baidu's P4P platform features an automated online sign-up process that customers use to activate their accounts at any time. The P4P platform is an online marketplace that introduces Internet search users to customers who bid for priority placement in the search results. Baidu also uses third-party distributors to sell some of its online marketing services to end customers and offers discounts to these distributors in consideration of their services.
Baidu offers certain consultative services, such as keyword suggestions, account management and performance reporting. Baidu suggests synonyms and associated phrases to use as keywords or text in search listings. These suggestions can improve clickthrough rates of the customer's listing and increase the likelihood that a user will enter into a transaction with the customer. Baidu also provides online daily reports of the number of clickthroughs, clicked keywords and the total costs incurred, as well as statistical reports organized by geographic region.[citation needed]
ProTheme[edit]
Baidu offers ProTheme services to some of its Baidu Union members, which enable these members to display on their properties its customers' promotional links that are relevant to the subject and content of such members' properties. Baidu generates revenues from ProTheme services based on the number of clicks on its customers' links and share the revenues with its Baidu Union members in accordance with pre-agreed terms. Baidu's fixed-ranking services allow customers to display query-sensitive text links at a designated location on its search results pages. Its Targetizement services enable customers to reach their targeted Internet users by displaying their advertisements only when their targeted Internet users browse Baidu's certain Web pages.
Baidu TV[edit]
Baidu operates its advertising service, Baidu TV, in partnership with Ads it! Media Corporation, an online advertising agency and technology company. Baidu TV provides advertisers access to the websites of its Baidu Union members, allowing advertisers to choose Websites on which they post their video advertisements with the aid of its advertisement targeting and matching system. It also offers a brand advertising service, Brand-Link. In June 2008, Baidu launched My Marketing Center, a customized platform integrating industry information, market trends and business, and industry news and reports to assist existing customers in their sales and marketing efforts. Other forms of its online advertising services allow customers to display query sensitive and non-query sensitive advertisements on its websites, including graphical advertisements.
Baidu Union[edit]
Baidu Union consists of several third-party websites and software applications.[72] Union members incorporate a Baidu search box or toolbar and match its sponsored links with the content on their properties. Their users can conduct search via the Baidu search box or toolbar and can click the sponsored links located on their properties. Baidu has also launched programs through which it displays the online advertising of its customers on Baidu Union websites, and share the fees generated by these advertisements with the owners of these Baidu Union websites. As of May 2011, there were 230 thousand partner websites that displayed Baidu Union ads on their websites.[73]
Competition[edit]
Baidu[74] competes with 360 Search (www.so.com), Sogou Search (www.sogou.com), Yahoo! China, Microsoft's Bing and MSN Messenger, Sina, Wikipedia, NetEase's Youdao, Tencent's Soso.com and PaiPai, Alibaba's Taobao, TOM Online, and EachNet.
Baidu is the No. 1 search engine in China, controlling 63 percent of China's market share as of January 2010, according to iResearch.[75] The number of Internet users in China had reached 705 million by the end of 2015, according to a report by the internetlivestats.com.[76]
In an August 2010 Wall Street Journal article,[77] Baidu played down its benefit from Google's having moved its China search service to Hong Kong, but Baidu's share of revenue in China's search-advertising market grew six percentage points in the second quarter to 70%, according to Beijing-based research firm Analysys International.
It is also evident that Baidu is attempting to enter the Internet social network market. As of 2011[update], it is discussing the possibility of working with Facebook, which would lead to a Chinese version of the international social network, managed by Baidu.[78] This plan, if executed, would face off Baidu with competition from the three popular Chinese social networks Qzone, Renren[79] and Kaixin001[80] as well as induce rivalry with instant-messaging giant, Tencent QQ.[81]
On February 22, 2012, Hudong submitted a complaint to the State Administration for Industry and Commerce asking for a review of the behavior of Baidu, accusing it of being monopolistic.[82]
On January 9, 2013, Baidu was still number one in the market, with 64.5% of the users, the closest competitor, Qihoo 360, who launched its own search engine in August, has already taken hold of 10.2% users. Following are Google and Sogou.[83]
By August 2014, Baidu's search market share in China has dropped to 56.3%, where Qihoo 360, its closest competitor who has rebranded its search engine as so.com, has increased its market share to 29.0%, according to report from CNZZ.com.[84]
In February 2015, Baidu was alleged to use anticompetitive tactics in Brazil against the Brazilian online security firm PSafe and Qihoo 360 (the largest investor of PSafe).[85][86]
Research and patents[edit]
Baidu has started to invest in deep learning research and is integrating new deep learning technology into some of its apps and products, including Phoenix Nest. Phoenix Nest is Baidu's ad-bidding platform.[87]
In April 2012 Baidu applied for a patent for its "DNA copyright recognition" technology. This technology automatically scans files that are uploaded by Internet users, and recognizes and filters out content that may violate copyright law. This allows Baidu to offer an infringement-free platform.[88][89]
Baidu has applied for a utility patent in the UK, for its proprietary site-wise search technology which is currently available in China.[citation needed]
Censorship[edit]
According to the China Digital Times, Baidu has a long history of being the most proactive and restrictive online censor in the search arena. Documents leaked in April 2009 from an employee in Baidu's internal monitoring and censorship department show a long list of blocked websites and censored topics on Baidu search.[90]
In May 2011, activists sued Baidu in the United States for violating the U.S. constitution by the censorship it conducts in accord with the demand of the Chinese government.[91] A U.S. judge has ruled[92] that the Chinese search engine Baidu has the right to block pro-democracy works from its query results, dismissing a lawsuit that sought to punish the company for Internet censorship.[citation needed]
Controversies[edit]
Baidu's reviews are mixed for in many fields and it is controversial. The examples are promoting and commercialization of Baidu Tieba.
Death of Wei Zexi[edit]
Main article: Death of Wei Zexi
In May 2016, Baidu's P4P search results reportedly caused the death of a student who tried an experimental cancer therapy he found online. The 21-year-old college student was named Wèi Zéxī (魏则西), who studied in Xidian University. Wei was diagnosed with synovial sarcoma, a rare form of cancer. He found the Second Hospital of the Beijing Armed Police Corps (武警北京市总队第二医院) through the search engine Baidu, on which the hospital had been promoting itself. The treatment proved to be unsuccessful.[citation needed]
After Wei's family spent around 200,000 yuan (around 31,150 USD) for treatment in the hospital, Wei Zexi died on April 12, 2016. The incident triggered massive online discussions after Wei's death. The fact that Baidu valued money way more than life kindled nationwide rage.[93] On May 2, 2016, Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC), the top watchdog for China's Internet space, dispatched a team of investigators to Baidu.[94] The case is still ongoing. One report claimed medical advertising makes up for 30% of Baidu's ad revenue, much of which comes from for-profit hospitals that belong to the "Putian Network", a collection of hospitals across the country founded by medical entrepreneurs associated with the Putian region of Fujian province.[95] The investigation led Chinese regulators to impose several restrictions on Baidu, including adding disclaimers to promotional content and establishing channels for complaints about Baidu services.[96]
Commercialization of Tieba[edit]
Baidu sold the hemophilia online community, one of the communities of Tieba, to unqualified hospitals. In January 2016, Baidu announced that it will stop selling all of its illness-related Tieba.[97]
See also[edit]

Software industry in China
China Software Industry Association
Intellectual property in the People's Republic of China
Censorship of the internet in China



China portal
Beijing portal
Companies portal
Internet portal


References[edit]


^ "Baidu - Investors - Management". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ a b "Baidu - Investors - Press Releases". Retrieved April 4, 2017. 
^ a b http://ir.baidu.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=188488&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=2248999
^ "Baidu - Investors - Investor FAQs". Retrieved Feb 14, 2017. 
^ "Baidu.com Site Overview". Alexa Internet. Retrieved December 28, 2016. 
^ "IR Contacts." Baidu. Retrieved on December 27, 2010. "Address: Baidu Campus, No. 10, Shangdi 10th Street, Haidian District, Beijing 100085 People's Republic of China."
^ "Baidu's 57 Products/Services: Introduction and History". China Analyst (CNAnalyst.com). 
^ "Alexa Top 500 Global Sites". Retrieved December 20, 2014. 
^ "The China Perspective, "China Economic Watch"".  }
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C. (December 10, 2007). "Search site moves at the speed of China". Los Angeles Times. 
^ "MSN Money – BIDU". MSN Money. Archived from the original on May 1, 2006. Retrieved 2006-05-11. 
^ Branigan, Tania. "Google to end censorship in China over cyber-attacks". Guardian. Retrieved 3 February 2014. 
^ "Baidu Music to merge with Taihe to take on Apple Music in China". Digital Market Asia. DMA News Desk. December 4, 2015. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ "The Baidu Story". Baidu. 
^ "Robin Li's vision powers Baidu's Internet search dominance", Taipei Times, September 17i, 2006.
^ Greenberg, Andy, "The Man Who's Beating Google", Forbes magazine, October 5, 2009
^ Yanhong Li, "Toward a Qualitative Search Engine," IEEE Internet Computing, vol. 2, no. 4, pp. 24–29, July/Aug. 1998, doi:10.1109/4236.707687
^ "About: RankDex", rankdex.com
^ USPTO, "Hypertext Document Retrieval System and Method", US Patent number: 5920859, Inventor: Yanhong Li, Filing date: Feb 5, 1997, Issue date: Jul 6, 1999
^ "Baidu Launched News Search Engine and Pictures Search Engine". 
^ "Baidu hacked by 'Iranian cyber army'". BBC News. 2010-01-12. Archived from the original on January 13, 2010. Retrieved 2010-01-12. 
^ "China's top search engine Baidu hacked". People's Daily. January 12, 2010. 
^ Branigan, Tania (January 12, 2010). "'Iranian' hackers paralyse Chinese search engine Baidu". The Guardian. London. 
^ Back, Aaron. "Baidu Sues Register.com, Alleges Negligence in Hacking Attack". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu: Registrar 'incredibly' changed our e-mail for hacker," Computer World, February 24, 2010. Accessed December 13, 2010.
^ "BBC News - Baidu workers arrested for 'deleting posts for money'". Bbc.co.uk. 2012-08-06. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Hsu, Alex (16 Jul 2013). "91 Wireless’ App Store Has Piracy and Other Legal Issues". BrightWire News. 
^ Baidu Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire NetDragon's Subsidiary 91 Wireless,Baidu Press Releases, August 14, 2013
^ Paul Carsten (14 August 2013). "Baidu says agrees to buy Netdragon's 91 Wireless for $1.85 billion". Reuters. 
^ "Sina and Baidu team up in China to focus on mobile". bbc.co.uk. July 31, 2012. 
^ "Baidu and Qualcomm partner to offer free cloud storage". Geeks Hut. 2012-11-19. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Baidu Launch Personal Assistant App for Android Phones,CHINA INTERNET WATCH, August 6, 2013
^ "Baidu Opens Silicon Valley Lab, Appoints Andrew Ng as Head of Baidu Research". PRNewswire.com. Retrieved 2017-06-03. 
^ Paul Bischoff (2014-07-18). "China web giant Baidu launches search engine in Brazil". Tech In Asia. Retrieved 2014-08-04. 
^ "China's Baidu buys control of Brazil's Peixe Urbano in expansion push". Reuters. 2014-12-04. 
^ Jon Russell (18 April 2017). "Baidu is making its self-driving car platform freely available to the automotive industry". TechCrunch. Retrieved 19 April 2017. 
^ Sangameswaran S (19 April 2017). "Baidu to launch self-driving car technology in July". REUTERS. Retrieved 19 April 2017. 
^ Darrell Etherington (1 June 2017). [  https://techcrunch.com/2017/06/01/baidu-teams-up-with-bosch-and-continental-on-self-driving-tech "Baidu teams up with Bosch and Continental on self-driving tech"] Check |url= value (help). TechCrunch. Retrieved 1 June 2017.  line feed character in |url= at position 2 (help)
^ "Baidu - Investors - Products". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "关于baiduspider". baidu.com. March 18, 2009. 
^ "Baiduspider User-Agent String". httpuseragent.org. March 17, 2009. 
^ "手机百度-海量新闻、上网最快、团购电影票最优惠的搜索 on the App Store". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Baidu Yun official website. Retrieved 2014-04-23.(in Chinese)
^ "Baidu Japan". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "China's Google in Japan". Infoniac.com. March 23, 2007. 
^ "After 8 years of failing, Baidu shuts Japan search engine". Tech IN Asia. April 17, 2015. 
^ "Google's Lookalike is Expanding in China". Gadget4boys.com. January 23, 2007. 
^ "百度Hi官网". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "xiangcun.baidu.com". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu will compile the rural digital Encyclopedia - BIC". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "百度新闻搜索——全球最大的中文新闻平台". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Lawton, Tait. "A Thorough Guide to Baidu Analytics (Baidu Tongji)". 
^ "Youa.com". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Discovery探索频道中文网". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Baidu keyword research tool.
^ "百度浏览器". Liulanqi.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ China's Baidu Joins Browser Battle, Wall Street Journal, July 20, 2011
^ Baidu's New Browser Looks Strikingly Familiar, China Real Time Report – WSJ, July 19, 2011
^ "Baidu Looks To Leapfrog Google With Cloud-Based Mobile OS (Update)". TechCrunch. September 2, 2011. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ "百度文库_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "百度经验_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. 2011-06-22. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "百度身边_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Fox Hu and Belinda Cao. Published Nov 2, 2013. Baidu's Qunar Rises After $167 Million IPO Exceeds Target. Bloomberg L.P.. Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ Qunar Cayman Islands Ltd Bloomberg L.P.. Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ http://blog.codexify.com/2015/09/bynow-you-all-must-be-familiar-with.html
^ "百度站长平台_让网站更具价值". zhanzhang.baidu.com. Retrieved 2015-09-21. 
^ "Baidu 101: An Overview of Baidu Webmaster Tools". Retrieved 2015-09-21. 
^ Lawton, Tait. "Baidu Pay Per Click: 7 Tips for a Successful Campaign". SearchEngineJournal.com. 
^ "Glogou Launches New Tools To Help Businesses Build Their Online Presence (And Ad Campaigns) In China". TechCrunch. 2012-11-06. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ 作者：清辰 (2012-11-07). "不懂中文没关系 Glogou帮助外企进军中国_互联网_科技时代_新浪网". Tech.sina.com.cn. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "Manage Baidu Ppc Registration". April 27, 2012. 
^ "百度联盟-让合作伙伴更强". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Lin, Susan. "Baidu's Content Network - Baidu Union". NanjingMarketingGroup.com. NanjingMarketingGroup.com. 
^ Statistics on Baidu's Annual Revenue, Baidu. March 2013.
^ Barboza, David (January 13, 2010). "Baidu's Gain from Departure Could Be China's Loss". The New York Times. 
^ "China Internet Users". 
^ Fletcher, Owen (August 3, 2010). "Baidu's CEO Pursues Long-Term Growth". Wall Street Journal. 
^ 传百度与Facebook签合作协议 – Baidu signed a cooperation agreement with Facebook, ThinkingChinese, April 14, 2011
^ "人人网，中国领先的实名制SNS社交网络。加入人人网，找到老同学，结识新朋友。". 
^ "开心网". 
^ Baidu and QQ aren't willing to remain outside the Chinese Social Network market, ThinkingChinese, April 2011
^ Yang, Yang (杨阳 Yáng Yáng). Translated by Guo Wei. "China's "Wikipedia" Submits Complaint about Baidu ." (Archive) The Economic Observer. March 4, 2011. Issue 508, Corporation, Page 28. Retrieved on October 26, 2012. Original article: "百度：我是大哥 我不叫度娘." Febinframe.php Archive])
^ "SEO in China - Top Innovative Agency". January 9, 2013. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Research, China Stock (September 1, 2014). "China Search Engine Market Share - August 2014". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Ruvolo, Julie. "Brazil Becomes A New Front In The Battle Between Baidu And Qihoo". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu's Alleged Anticompetitive Tactics in Brazil". April 14, 2015. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Hsu, Alex (15 July 2013). "Baidu Using Deep-Learning Technology to Boost Phoenix Nest Revenue". BrightWire News. 
^ [1] Archived February 18, 2015, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Baidu Applies for DNA Copyright Recognition Technology Patent". BrightWire. 
^ Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (1), Xiao Qiang, China Digital Times, April 30, 2009
Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (2)
Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (3)
^ Jonathan Stempel, "China, Baidu Sued In U.S. For Internet Censorship", Reuters, May 19, 2011.
^ "Zhang et al v. Baidu.Com Inc. et al". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Commentary: Death of college student raises questions on Baidu's ethics, People's Daily, 2016
^ China Focus: Investigation into Baidu after student death, Xinhua News Agency, 2016
^ Baidu, China's version of Google, is "evil," a growing number of users say, Quartz, 2016
^ China Orders Baidu to Revamp Advertising Results in Online Searches, The Wall Street Journal
^ Baidu to halt commercialization of Tieba health forums, China Daily, 2016


Further reading[edit]

Lee, Melanie (January 19, 2010). "NEWSMAKER-Baidu founder rules China's Web with pragmatism". Reuters.
Udeze, Chuka (March 26, 2012). Baidu Search to be Integrated by Apple on iOS Devices.
Kohout, Martin (October 30, 2014). "Spyware Baidu to Sony Xperia smartphones". FreeBit.cz.

External links[edit]
 Media related to Baidu at Wikimedia Commons

Official website



Business data for Baidu: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Baidu






Baidu Search Engine
Baidu News
Baidu MP3
Baidu Images
Baidu Video
Baidu Tieba
Baidu Zhidao
Baidu Maps
Baidu Space
Baidu Baike
Baidu Hi
Baidu Guoxue
Baidu Toolbar
Baidu Patents
Baidu Youa
Baifubao
Baidu 500
Hao123
Baidu Wenku
Baidu Yi
iQiyi

PPS.tv


Baidu Music










Links to related articles











v
t
e


Major Chinese Web portals






Baidu.com
NetEase [163.com]
Phoenix TV [ifeng.com]
Sina.com
Sohu.com
Tencent [qq.com]
TOM Online [tom.com]
R&C Media Group, Inc












v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx












v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecom
China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Web search engines



Active



AOL
Ahmia
Ask.com
Baidu
Bing
Blackle
Dogpile
DuckDuckGo
Ecosia
Exalead
Excite
GenieKnows
Gigablast
GoodSearch
Google
Info.com
Ixquick
Lycos
Naver
Qwant
Parsijoo
Picollator
SAPO
Scout
Seznam.cz
Sogou
Soso.com
Sputnik
Startpage
WebCrawler
YaCy
Yahoo!
Yandex
Yooz
Youdao





Inactive



A9.com
Aliweb
AlltheWeb
AltaVista
Blekko
Boogami
Cuil
Empas
Forestle
Go.com
Inktomi
JumpStation
LeapFish
Mugurdy
Northern Light
Powerset
Scroogle
SearchMe
Teoma
Viewzi
Vivisimo
Volunia
W3Catalog
Wikiseek
Yebol








Complete list
Comparison












v
t
e


Instant messaging



Protocols
(comparison)





Open




IMPP
IRC
Matrix
MTProto
RetroShare
Signal Protocol
SIP

MSRP
SIMPLE


Tox
XMPP

Jingle
WFP


Zephyr
DDP






Closed




MSNP
OSCAR

TOC


Skype
YMSG








Services



AIM
BAND
BlackBerry Messenger
Discord
Facebook Messenger
Google Allo
Google Hangouts
Google Talk
GroupMe
Hike Messenger
HipChat
ICQ
iGap
iMessage
IRC Networks
KakaoTalk
Kik
Libon
Line
Microsoft Messenger service
Nimbuzz
ooVoo
Palringo
Signal
Skype
Skype Qik
Slack
Snapchat
Tango
Telegram
QQ
Threema
Tox
Upptalk
Viber
WeChat
WhatsApp
Windows Messenger service
Yahoo! Messenger





Clients
(comparison)





Single protocol




Allo
AIM
Baidu Hi
BlackBerry Messenger
CSipSimple
Facebook Messenger
FaceTime
Fetion
Gadu-Gadu
GroupMe
IBM Sametime
ICQ
IMVU
Linphone
Palringo
RetroShare
Ricochet
Ring
Signal
Skype
Telegram
Tencent QQ
Tox
WeChat
WhatsApp
Wire
Wickr
Yahoo! Messenger






Multi-protocol




Adium
Ayttm
BitlBee
Centericq
eBuddy
Empathy
Fire
Gizmo5
Instantbird
Jitsi
Kopete
Messages/iChat
Miranda IM
Nimbuzz
Pidgin
QIP 2010
Skype for Business
Trillian
Telepathy
Upptalk
Xfire






XMPP (Jabber)




Bombus
ChatSecure
Conversations
Facebook Chat
Gajim
Google Talk
Psi
Tkabber
Spark






MSNP




aMSN
emesene
Windows Live Messenger
Windows Messenger
Skype








See also



Backchannel
Buddy profile
Chat log
Chatbot
Contact list
Emoticon
File sharing
Instant message service center
LAN messenger
Mobile instant messaging
Presence information
Shoutbox
SMS language
Status message
Videotelephony
Voice over IP
Webcam
Web chat
Circuit
eXo Platform
FirstClass
Flock
Fuze Box
Glip
Hall.com
Lua
Yammer















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Baidu&oldid=792078152"					
Categories: BaiduCompanies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQInternet search enginesChinese websitesOnline companiesInternet properties established in 2000Science and technology in the People's Republic of ChinaInternet companies of ChinaSoftware companies of ChinaMultinational companies headquartered in China2000 establishments in ChinaNotorious marketsChinese brandsChinese companies established in 2000Hidden categories: CS1 errors: invisible charactersPages with URL errorsArticles with Chinese-language external linksWebarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from July 2013Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from December 2016All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing Chinese-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2016Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011Articles with unsourced statements from April 2013Articles with unsourced statements from July 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡქართულიMagyarമലയാളംNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSlovenčinaSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt文言粵語中文डोटेली 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 09:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Baidu - Wikipedia






















 






Baidu

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Beidu, Beidou, or Baidul.

Baidu, Inc.





Type of site

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: BIDU
NASDAQ-100 Component


Founded
January 1, 2000; 17 years ago (2000-01-01)


Headquarters
Beijing, China


Area served
Worldwide


Key people
Robin Li (Chairman, CEO) [1]


Industry
Internet


Revenue

 CNY 70.549 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [2]




Operating income

 CNY 10.049 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [2]




Total assets

 CNY 181.997 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [3]




Total equity

 CNY 92.250 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [3]




Employees

(Mar 31, 2016) [4]
43,500


Website
www.baidu.com


Alexa rank
 4 (Global, December 2016[update])[5]







Baidu



Baidu headquarters, Haidian District, Beijing



Chinese
百度





Transcriptions


Standard Mandarin


Hanyu Pinyin
Bǎidù


Gwoyeu Romatzyh
Baeduh


Wade–Giles
Paitu


IPA
[pài.tû]


Wu


Romanization
Bah tu


Yue: Cantonese


Yale Romanization
Baakdoh


IPA
[pāːk.tòu̯]


Jyutping
Baak3 dou6


Southern Min


Hokkien POJ
Pah-to͘








Baidu, Inc. (Chinese: 百度; pinyin: Bǎidù, anglicized /ˈbaɪduː/ "BY-doo"), incorporated on 18 January 2000, is a Chinese web services company headquartered at the Baidu Campus in Beijing's Haidian District.[6] It is one of the largest Internet companies in the world.
Baidu offers many services, including a Chinese search engine for websites, audio files and images. Baidu offers 57 search and community services including Baidu Baike (an online, collaboratively built encyclopedia) and a searchable, keyword-based discussion forum.[7] Baidu was established in 2000 by Robin Li and Eric Xu. Both of the co-founders are Chinese nationals who studied and worked overseas before returning to China. In December 2016[update], Baidu ranked 4th overall in the Alexa Internet rankings.[8]
During Q4 of 2010, it is estimated that there were 4.02 billion search queries in China of which Baidu had a market share of 56.6%. China's Internet-search revenue share in second quarter 2011 by Baidu is 76%.[9] In December 2007, Baidu became the first Chinese company to be included in the NASDAQ-100 index.[10]
As of 2006, Baidu provided an index of over 740 million web pages, 80 million images, and 10 million multimedia files.[11] Baidu offers multimedia content including MP3 music, and movies, and is the first in China to offer Wireless Application Protocol (WAP) and personal digital assistant (PDA)-based mobile search.
Baidu Baike is similar to Wikipedia as an online encyclopedia; however, unlike Wikipedia, only registered users can edit the articles due to Chinese laws. While access to Wikipedia has been intermittently blocked or certain articles filtered in China since June 2004, there is some controversy about the degree to which Baidu cooperates with Chinese government censorship.[12]
The company also hosts a music service, called Baidu Music, that has more than 150 million monthly active users. On 4 December 2015, Baidu announced plans to merge with Taihe Entertainment Group to help the service compete with Apple Inc.'s Apple Music, which Apple plans to make available in China.[13]



Contents


1 Name
2 History

2.1 Early development
2.2 Domain name redirection
2.3 Baidu workers arrested
2.4 91 Wireless acquisition
2.5 2010s announcements


3 Services
4 Advertisements

4.1 Pay for placement (P4P)
4.2 ProTheme
4.3 Baidu TV


5 Baidu Union
6 Competition
7 Research and patents
8 Censorship
9 Controversies

9.1 Death of Wei Zexi
9.2 Commercialization of Tieba


10 See also
11 References
12 Further reading
13 External links



Name[edit]
The name Baidu (百度) literally means "a hundred times", or alternatively, "countless times". It is a quote from the last line of Xin Qiji (辛弃疾)'s classical poem "Green Jade Table in The Lantern Festival" (青玉案·元夕) saying: "Having searched thousands of times in the crowd, suddenly turning back, She is there in the dimmest candlelight." (众里寻他千百度，蓦然回首，那人却在灯火阑珊处。)[14]
History[edit]
Early development[edit]
In 1994, Robin Li (Li Yanhong, 李彦宏) joined IDD Information Services, a New Jersey division of Dow Jones and Company, where he helped develop software for the online edition of the Wall Street Journal.[15] He also worked on developing better algorithms for search engines and remained at IDD Information Services from May 1994 to June 1997.
In 1996, while at IDD, Li developed the RankDex site-scoring algorithm for search engines results page ranking[16][17][18] and received a US patent for the technology.[19] He later used this technology for the Baidu search engine.
In 2000, the company Baidu launched in Beijing, China. The first office was located in a hotel room, which was near Peking University from where Robin graduated.
In 2003, Baidu launched a news search engine and picture search engine, adopting a special identification technology capable of identifying and grouping the articles.[20]
Domain name redirection[edit]
On January 12, 2010, Baidu.com's DNS records in the United States were altered such that browsers to baidu.com were redirected to a website purporting to be the Iranian Cyber Army, thought to be behind the attack on Twitter during the 2009 Iranian election protests, making the proper site unusable for four hours.[21] Internet users were met with a page saying "This site has been attacked by Iranian Cyber Army".[22] Chinese hackers later responded by attacking Iranian websites and leaving messages.[23] Baidu later launched legal action against Register.com for gross negligence after it was revealed that Register.com's technical support staff changed the email address for Baidu.com on the request of an unnamed individual, despite failing security verification procedures. Once the address had been changed, the individual was able to use the forgotten password feature to have Baidu's domain passwords sent directly to them, allowing them to accomplish the domain hijacking.[24][25]
Baidu workers arrested[edit]
On August 6, 2012, the BBC reported that three employees of Baidu were arrested on suspicion that they accepted bribes. The bribes were allegedly paid for deleting posts from the forum service. Four people were fired in connection with these arrests.[26]
91 Wireless acquisition[edit]
On July 16, 2013, Baidu announced its intention to purchase 91 Wireless from NetDragon. 91 Wireless is best known for its app store, but it has been reported that the app store faces piracy and other legal issues.[27] On August 14, 2013, Baidu announced that its wholly owned subsidiary Baidu (Hong Kong) Limited has signed a definitive merger agreement to acquire 91 Wireless Web-soft Limited from NetDragon Web-soft Inc.[28] for $1.85 billion in what was reported to be the biggest deal ever in China's IT sector.[29]
2010s announcements[edit]
On July 31, 2012, Baidu announced they would team up with Sina to provide mobile search results.[30]
On November 18, 2012, Baidu announced that they would be partnering with Qualcomm to offer free cloud storage to Android users with Snapdragon processors.[31]
On August 2, 2013, Baidu launched its Personal Assistant app, designed to help CEOs, managers and the white-collar workers manage their business relationships.[32]
On May 16, 2014, Baidu appointed Dr. Andrew Ng as chief scientist. Dr. Ng will lead Baidu Research in Silicon Valley and Beijing.[33]
On July 18, 2014, the company launched a Brazilian version of the search engine, Baidu Busca.[34]
On October 9, 2014, Baidu announced acquisition of Brazilian local e-commerce site Peixe Urbano.[35]
In April 2017, Baidu announced to launch Apollo project, its self-driving vehicle platform in a bid to help drive the development of autonomous cars including vehicle platform, hardware platform, software platform and cloud data services.[36] Baidu plans to launch this project in July this year, before gradually introducing fully autonomous driving capabilities on highways and open city roads by 2020.[37]
In June 2017, Baidu partnered with Continental and Bosch, auto industry suppliers, on automated driving and connected cars.[38]
Services[edit]
Baidu offers several services[39] to locate information, products and services using Chinese-language search terms, such as, search by Chinese phonetics, advanced search, snapshots, spell checker, stock quotes, news, knows, postbar, images, video and space information, and weather, train and flight schedules and other local information. The user-agent string of Baidu search engine is Baiduspider.[40][41] Also, a Baidu application for Apple's iOS is available.[42]

Baidu Map (百度地图) is a desktop and mobile mapping solution similar to Google Maps, but covering only the Greater China region
Baidu Netdisk (百度网盘), formerly Baidu Cloud (百度云) is a cloud storage service that offers 2 TB of free data storage.[43]
Baidu started its Japanese language search service, run by Baidu Japan, the company's first regular service outside of China.[44] It includes a search bar for web pages and image searches, user help and advanced services.[45] The Japanese search engine closed on March 16, 2015.[46]
Baidu Post Bar (百度贴吧)provides users with a query-based searchable community to exchange views and share knowledge and experiences. It is an online community bound tightly with Baidu's search service.
Baidu News provides links to a selection of local, national and international news, and presents news stories in a searchable format, within minutes of their publication on the Web. Baidu News uses an automated process to display links to related headlines, which enables people to see many different viewpoints on the same story. Chinese government and Chinese industry sources stated that Baidu received a license from Beijing, which allows the search engine to become a full-fledged news website. Thus Baidu is able to provide its own reports, besides showing certain results as a search engine. Baidu is the first Chinese search engine to receive such a license.[47]
Baidu Knows (百度知道) provides users with a query-based searchable community to share knowledge and experience. Through Baidu Knows, registered members of Baidu Knows can post specific questions for other members to respond and also answer questions of other members.
Baidu MP3 Search provides algorithm-generated links to songs and other multimedia files provided by Internet content providers. Baidu started with a popular music search feature called "MP3 Search" and its comprehensive lists of popular Chinese music, Baidu 500, based on download numbers. Baidu locates file formats such as MP3, WMA and SWF. The multimedia search feature is mainly used in searches for Chinese pop music. While such works are copyrighted under Chinese law, Baidu claims on its legal disclaimer that linking to these files does not break Chinese law. This has led other local search engines to follow the practice, including Google China(Hong Kong), which uses an intermediate company called Top100 to offer a similar MP3 Search service.
Baidu Image Search enables users to search millions of images on the Internet. Baidu Image Search offers features such as search by image size and by image file type. Image listings are organized by various categories, which are updated automatically through algorithms.
Baidu Video Search enables users to search for and access through hyperlinks of online video clips that are hosted on third parties’ Websites.
Baidu Space the social networking service of Baidu, allows registered users to create personalized homepages in a query-based searchable community.[48] Registered users can post their Web logs, or blogs, photo album and certain personal information on their homepages and establish their own communities of friends who are also registered users. By July 2009, it had reached 100 million registered users
Baidu Baike, is China's largest online encyclopedia by users and page views/web traffic; second largest encyclopedia by article count (after Hudong).

China Digital Village Encyclopedia (中国数字乡村大百科全书), in June 2009, Baidu announced it would compile the largest digital rural encyclopedia in China, according to China Securities Journal. It is expected to include 500,000 administrative villages in China, covering 80% of the total 600,000 villages in China. Baidu is creating the content of this encyclopedia largely from participants of its "rural information competition" (乡村信息化大赛),[49] on which it has spent roughly five million yuan on incentives. Baidu sees China's rural areas as great potential for electronic business (e-business), evidenced by the fact that revenue grew the fastest from agriculture, forestry, animals, and fishery in the company's keyword promotion project, a crucial source of Baidu's total revenue. In addition to Baidu Encyclopedia, the company scales up keyword promotion and takes advantage of other products, such as Baidu Zhidao and Baidu Youa, to provide consultation, brand ad exhibitions and online network marketing/sales platform support, marketing information for rural tourism and promoting local products.[50]


Baidu Search Ranking provides listings of search terms based on daily search queries entered on Baidu.com. The listings are organized by categories and allow users to locate search terms on topics of interest.
Baidu Web Directory enables users to browse and search through websites that have been organized into categories.
Baidu Government Information Search allows users to search various regulations, rules, notices, and other information announced by People's Republic of China government entities.
Baidu Postal Code Search enables users to search postal codes in hundreds of cities in China.
Educational Website Search allows users to search the Websites of educational institutions. Baidu University Search allows users to search information on or browse through the Websites of specific universities in China
Baidu Legal Search enables users to search a database that contains national and local laws and regulations, cases, legal decisions, and law dictionaries.
Baidu Love is a query-based searchable community where registered users can write and post messages to loved ones.
Baidu Patent Search enables users to search for specific Chinese patents and provides basic patent information in the search results, including the patent's name, application number, filing date, issue date, inventor information and brief description of the patent.
Baidu Games is an online channel that allows users to search or browse through game-related news and content.
Baidu-Hexun Finance, a financial information Website,[51] with partner Hexun.com, a financial information service provider in China with news reporting and securities consulting licenses. Users can search or browse through economic and financial news, information relating to personal wealth management and related market statistics.
Baidu Statistics Search enables users to search statistics that have been published by the Government of the People's Republic of China
Baidu Entertainment is an online channel for entertainment-related news and content. Users can search or browse through news and other information relating to specific stars, movies, television series and music.
Baidu Tongji is Baidu's web analytics platform. It provides users with many reports about visitors to their website, such as a report on the source of visitors to their website, a user demographics report, reports on content viewed on site, and a heat map report.[52]
Baidu Dictionary provides users with lookup and text translation services between Chinese and English.
Baidu Youa, an online shopping/e-commerce platform through which businesses can sell their products and services at Baidu-registered stores.[53]
Baidu Desktop Search, a free, downloadable software, which enables users to search all files saved on their computer without launching a Web browser.
Baidu Sobar, a free, downloadable software, displayed on a browser's tool bar and makes the search function available on every Web page that a user browses.
Baidu Wireless provides various services for mobile phones, including a Chinese-input front end processor (FEP) for various popular operating systems including Android, Symbian S60v5, and Windows Mobile.
Baidu Anti-Virus offers anti-virus software products and computer virus-related news.
Baidu Safety Center, launched in 2008, provides users with free virus scanning, system repair and online security evaluations
Baidu Internet TV (known as Baidu Movies) allows users to search, watch and download free movies, television series, cartoons, and other programs hosted on its servers
Chinese-language voice assistant search services for Chinese speakers visiting Japan was launched in 2008, with partner Japanese personal handy-phone system operator Willcom Inc.
Discovery Networks Asia-Pacific,[54] joint venture with Discovery Communications, focusing on science, technology, space, natural history, engineering, paleontology, archaeology, history, and culture.
Baidu Index (known as Baidu Zhishu) allows users to look up the search volume and trend for certain hot keywords and phrases. It can serve as a Baidu keyword research tool.[55]
Baidu Bookmarks (known as Baidu Soucang) is a social bookmarking service supported by Baidu.com
Baidu Browser is a web browser first released[56] as a beta in July 2011.[57] It has been noted that the user interface looks very similar to Google Chrome/Chromium.[58]
Baidu Yi is a smartphone operating system based on Android OS, announced in September 2011.[59]
Baidu Library is an open online platform for users to share documents. All the documents in Baidu Library are uploaded by the users and Baidu does not edit or change the documents. Users can read and download lecture notes, exercises, sample exams, presentation slides, materials of various subjects, variety of documents templates, etc. However, it is not completely free. In order to download some documents, users should have enough Baidu points to cover the points asked by the uploaders. Users could gain Baidu points by making contribution to Baidu Library and other users, such as uploading documents, categorizing documents, evaluating documents, etc.[60]
Baidu Experience is a product of Baidu primarily focusing on supporting the users with practical problems. In other words, it helps the users to solve the "how to do" problem. It was launched in October 2010. In architecture, Baidu Experience has integrated and reformatted Baidu Encyclopedia and Baike Knows. The first difference between Baidu Experience and Baidu Knows is that the former concentrates on specific "how to do" problems while the later contains a wider range of problems. The second difference is that users could share their experience without being asked on Baidu Experience.[61]
Baidu around You is a searching and sharing platform aiming at supporting the users with making their consumption decisions. There are currently 7 main categories of information on Baidu around You, including food, shopping, recreation, hotels, fitness, beauty and traveling. In addition, Baidu around You provides the users with convenient services and local information, partially coming from the users and searchable by cities.[62]
Qunar (Qunar Cayman Islands Limited), travel-booking service controlled by Baidu. As of 2013, Qunar had 31.4 million active users and raised $167 Million at its initial public offering that year.[63] It is listed at NASDAQ: QUNR[64]
Baidu Duer: Another addition to the family of virtual assistants.[65]
Baidu Zhanzhang: The free suite of webmaster tools offered by Baidu.[66][67]

Advertisements[edit]
Baidu's primary advertising product is called Baidu Tuiguang and is similar to Google Adwords and Adsense. It is a pay per click advertising platform that allows advertisers to have their ads shown in Baidu search results pages and on other websites that are part of Baidu Union.
Baidu sells its advertising products via a network of resellers.[68]
Baidu's web administrative tools are all in Chinese, which makes it tough for non-Chinese speakers to use. Recently, a third-party company began to develop a tool with an English-language interface for Baidu advertising programs.[69][70]
Moreover, the service may only be used by advertisers with a registered business address in China or in several other East Asian countries.[71]
Pay for placement (P4P)[edit]
Baidu focuses on generating revenues primarily from online marketing services. Baidu's pay for placement (P4P) platform enables its customers to reach users who search for information related to their products or services. Customers use automated online tools to create text-based descriptions of their web pages and bid on keywords that trigger the display of their webpage information and link. Baidu's P4P platform features an automated online sign-up process that customers use to activate their accounts at any time. The P4P platform is an online marketplace that introduces Internet search users to customers who bid for priority placement in the search results. Baidu also uses third-party distributors to sell some of its online marketing services to end customers and offers discounts to these distributors in consideration of their services.
Baidu offers certain consultative services, such as keyword suggestions, account management and performance reporting. Baidu suggests synonyms and associated phrases to use as keywords or text in search listings. These suggestions can improve clickthrough rates of the customer's listing and increase the likelihood that a user will enter into a transaction with the customer. Baidu also provides online daily reports of the number of clickthroughs, clicked keywords and the total costs incurred, as well as statistical reports organized by geographic region.[citation needed]
ProTheme[edit]
Baidu offers ProTheme services to some of its Baidu Union members, which enable these members to display on their properties its customers' promotional links that are relevant to the subject and content of such members' properties. Baidu generates revenues from ProTheme services based on the number of clicks on its customers' links and share the revenues with its Baidu Union members in accordance with pre-agreed terms. Baidu's fixed-ranking services allow customers to display query-sensitive text links at a designated location on its search results pages. Its Targetizement services enable customers to reach their targeted Internet users by displaying their advertisements only when their targeted Internet users browse Baidu's certain Web pages.
Baidu TV[edit]
Baidu operates its advertising service, Baidu TV, in partnership with Ads it! Media Corporation, an online advertising agency and technology company. Baidu TV provides advertisers access to the websites of its Baidu Union members, allowing advertisers to choose Websites on which they post their video advertisements with the aid of its advertisement targeting and matching system. It also offers a brand advertising service, Brand-Link. In June 2008, Baidu launched My Marketing Center, a customized platform integrating industry information, market trends and business, and industry news and reports to assist existing customers in their sales and marketing efforts. Other forms of its online advertising services allow customers to display query sensitive and non-query sensitive advertisements on its websites, including graphical advertisements.
Baidu Union[edit]
Baidu Union consists of several third-party websites and software applications.[72] Union members incorporate a Baidu search box or toolbar and match its sponsored links with the content on their properties. Their users can conduct search via the Baidu search box or toolbar and can click the sponsored links located on their properties. Baidu has also launched programs through which it displays the online advertising of its customers on Baidu Union websites, and share the fees generated by these advertisements with the owners of these Baidu Union websites. As of May 2011, there were 230 thousand partner websites that displayed Baidu Union ads on their websites.[73]
Competition[edit]
Baidu[74] competes with 360 Search (www.so.com), Sogou Search (www.sogou.com), Yahoo! China, Microsoft's Bing and MSN Messenger, Sina, Wikipedia, NetEase's Youdao, Tencent's Soso.com and PaiPai, Alibaba's Taobao, TOM Online, and EachNet.
Baidu is the No. 1 search engine in China, controlling 63 percent of China's market share as of January 2010, according to iResearch.[75] The number of Internet users in China had reached 705 million by the end of 2015, according to a report by the internetlivestats.com.[76]
In an August 2010 Wall Street Journal article,[77] Baidu played down its benefit from Google's having moved its China search service to Hong Kong, but Baidu's share of revenue in China's search-advertising market grew six percentage points in the second quarter to 70%, according to Beijing-based research firm Analysys International.
It is also evident that Baidu is attempting to enter the Internet social network market. As of 2011[update], it is discussing the possibility of working with Facebook, which would lead to a Chinese version of the international social network, managed by Baidu.[78] This plan, if executed, would face off Baidu with competition from the three popular Chinese social networks Qzone, Renren[79] and Kaixin001[80] as well as induce rivalry with instant-messaging giant, Tencent QQ.[81]
On February 22, 2012, Hudong submitted a complaint to the State Administration for Industry and Commerce asking for a review of the behavior of Baidu, accusing it of being monopolistic.[82]
On January 9, 2013, Baidu was still number one in the market, with 64.5% of the users, the closest competitor, Qihoo 360, who launched its own search engine in August, has already taken hold of 10.2% users. Following are Google and Sogou.[83]
By August 2014, Baidu's search market share in China has dropped to 56.3%, where Qihoo 360, its closest competitor who has rebranded its search engine as so.com, has increased its market share to 29.0%, according to report from CNZZ.com.[84]
In February 2015, Baidu was alleged to use anticompetitive tactics in Brazil against the Brazilian online security firm PSafe and Qihoo 360 (the largest investor of PSafe).[85][86]
Research and patents[edit]
Baidu has started to invest in deep learning research and is integrating new deep learning technology into some of its apps and products, including Phoenix Nest. Phoenix Nest is Baidu's ad-bidding platform.[87]
In April 2012 Baidu applied for a patent for its "DNA copyright recognition" technology. This technology automatically scans files that are uploaded by Internet users, and recognizes and filters out content that may violate copyright law. This allows Baidu to offer an infringement-free platform.[88][89]
Baidu has applied for a utility patent in the UK, for its proprietary site-wise search technology which is currently available in China.[citation needed]
Censorship[edit]
According to the China Digital Times, Baidu has a long history of being the most proactive and restrictive online censor in the search arena. Documents leaked in April 2009 from an employee in Baidu's internal monitoring and censorship department show a long list of blocked websites and censored topics on Baidu search.[90]
In May 2011, activists sued Baidu in the United States for violating the U.S. constitution by the censorship it conducts in accord with the demand of the Chinese government.[91] A U.S. judge has ruled[92] that the Chinese search engine Baidu has the right to block pro-democracy works from its query results, dismissing a lawsuit that sought to punish the company for Internet censorship.[citation needed]
Controversies[edit]
Baidu's reviews are mixed for in many fields and it is controversial. The examples are promoting and commercialization of Baidu Tieba.
Death of Wei Zexi[edit]
Main article: Death of Wei Zexi
In May 2016, Baidu's P4P search results reportedly caused the death of a student who tried an experimental cancer therapy he found online. The 21-year-old college student was named Wèi Zéxī (魏则西), who studied in Xidian University. Wei was diagnosed with synovial sarcoma, a rare form of cancer. He found the Second Hospital of the Beijing Armed Police Corps (武警北京市总队第二医院) through the search engine Baidu, on which the hospital had been promoting itself. The treatment proved to be unsuccessful.[citation needed]
After Wei's family spent around 200,000 yuan (around 31,150 USD) for treatment in the hospital, Wei Zexi died on April 12, 2016. The incident triggered massive online discussions after Wei's death. The fact that Baidu valued money way more than life kindled nationwide rage.[93] On May 2, 2016, Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC), the top watchdog for China's Internet space, dispatched a team of investigators to Baidu.[94] The case is still ongoing. One report claimed medical advertising makes up for 30% of Baidu's ad revenue, much of which comes from for-profit hospitals that belong to the "Putian Network", a collection of hospitals across the country founded by medical entrepreneurs associated with the Putian region of Fujian province.[95] The investigation led Chinese regulators to impose several restrictions on Baidu, including adding disclaimers to promotional content and establishing channels for complaints about Baidu services.[96]
Commercialization of Tieba[edit]
Baidu sold the hemophilia online community, one of the communities of Tieba, to unqualified hospitals. In January 2016, Baidu announced that it will stop selling all of its illness-related Tieba.[97]
See also[edit]

Software industry in China
China Software Industry Association
Intellectual property in the People's Republic of China
Censorship of the internet in China



China portal
Beijing portal
Companies portal
Internet portal


References[edit]


^ "Baidu - Investors - Management". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ a b "Baidu - Investors - Press Releases". Retrieved April 4, 2017. 
^ a b http://ir.baidu.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=188488&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=2248999
^ "Baidu - Investors - Investor FAQs". Retrieved Feb 14, 2017. 
^ "Baidu.com Site Overview". Alexa Internet. Retrieved December 28, 2016. 
^ "IR Contacts." Baidu. Retrieved on December 27, 2010. "Address: Baidu Campus, No. 10, Shangdi 10th Street, Haidian District, Beijing 100085 People's Republic of China."
^ "Baidu's 57 Products/Services: Introduction and History". China Analyst (CNAnalyst.com). 
^ "Alexa Top 500 Global Sites". Retrieved December 20, 2014. 
^ "The China Perspective, "China Economic Watch"".  }
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C. (December 10, 2007). "Search site moves at the speed of China". Los Angeles Times. 
^ "MSN Money – BIDU". MSN Money. Archived from the original on May 1, 2006. Retrieved 2006-05-11. 
^ Branigan, Tania. "Google to end censorship in China over cyber-attacks". Guardian. Retrieved 3 February 2014. 
^ "Baidu Music to merge with Taihe to take on Apple Music in China". Digital Market Asia. DMA News Desk. December 4, 2015. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ "The Baidu Story". Baidu. 
^ "Robin Li's vision powers Baidu's Internet search dominance", Taipei Times, September 17i, 2006.
^ Greenberg, Andy, "The Man Who's Beating Google", Forbes magazine, October 5, 2009
^ Yanhong Li, "Toward a Qualitative Search Engine," IEEE Internet Computing, vol. 2, no. 4, pp. 24–29, July/Aug. 1998, doi:10.1109/4236.707687
^ "About: RankDex", rankdex.com
^ USPTO, "Hypertext Document Retrieval System and Method", US Patent number: 5920859, Inventor: Yanhong Li, Filing date: Feb 5, 1997, Issue date: Jul 6, 1999
^ "Baidu Launched News Search Engine and Pictures Search Engine". 
^ "Baidu hacked by 'Iranian cyber army'". BBC News. 2010-01-12. Archived from the original on January 13, 2010. Retrieved 2010-01-12. 
^ "China's top search engine Baidu hacked". People's Daily. January 12, 2010. 
^ Branigan, Tania (January 12, 2010). "'Iranian' hackers paralyse Chinese search engine Baidu". The Guardian. London. 
^ Back, Aaron. "Baidu Sues Register.com, Alleges Negligence in Hacking Attack". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu: Registrar 'incredibly' changed our e-mail for hacker," Computer World, February 24, 2010. Accessed December 13, 2010.
^ "BBC News - Baidu workers arrested for 'deleting posts for money'". Bbc.co.uk. 2012-08-06. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Hsu, Alex (16 Jul 2013). "91 Wireless’ App Store Has Piracy and Other Legal Issues". BrightWire News. 
^ Baidu Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire NetDragon's Subsidiary 91 Wireless,Baidu Press Releases, August 14, 2013
^ Paul Carsten (14 August 2013). "Baidu says agrees to buy Netdragon's 91 Wireless for $1.85 billion". Reuters. 
^ "Sina and Baidu team up in China to focus on mobile". bbc.co.uk. July 31, 2012. 
^ "Baidu and Qualcomm partner to offer free cloud storage". Geeks Hut. 2012-11-19. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Baidu Launch Personal Assistant App for Android Phones,CHINA INTERNET WATCH, August 6, 2013
^ "Baidu Opens Silicon Valley Lab, Appoints Andrew Ng as Head of Baidu Research". PRNewswire.com. Retrieved 2017-06-03. 
^ Paul Bischoff (2014-07-18). "China web giant Baidu launches search engine in Brazil". Tech In Asia. Retrieved 2014-08-04. 
^ "China's Baidu buys control of Brazil's Peixe Urbano in expansion push". Reuters. 2014-12-04. 
^ Jon Russell (18 April 2017). "Baidu is making its self-driving car platform freely available to the automotive industry". TechCrunch. Retrieved 19 April 2017. 
^ Sangameswaran S (19 April 2017). "Baidu to launch self-driving car technology in July". REUTERS. Retrieved 19 April 2017. 
^ Darrell Etherington (1 June 2017). [  https://techcrunch.com/2017/06/01/baidu-teams-up-with-bosch-and-continental-on-self-driving-tech "Baidu teams up with Bosch and Continental on self-driving tech"] Check |url= value (help). TechCrunch. Retrieved 1 June 2017.  line feed character in |url= at position 2 (help)
^ "Baidu - Investors - Products". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "关于baiduspider". baidu.com. March 18, 2009. 
^ "Baiduspider User-Agent String". httpuseragent.org. March 17, 2009. 
^ "手机百度-海量新闻、上网最快、团购电影票最优惠的搜索 on the App Store". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Baidu Yun official website. Retrieved 2014-04-23.(in Chinese)
^ "Baidu Japan". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "China's Google in Japan". Infoniac.com. March 23, 2007. 
^ "After 8 years of failing, Baidu shuts Japan search engine". Tech IN Asia. April 17, 2015. 
^ "Google's Lookalike is Expanding in China". Gadget4boys.com. January 23, 2007. 
^ "百度Hi官网". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "xiangcun.baidu.com". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu will compile the rural digital Encyclopedia - BIC". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "百度新闻搜索——全球最大的中文新闻平台". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Lawton, Tait. "A Thorough Guide to Baidu Analytics (Baidu Tongji)". 
^ "Youa.com". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Discovery探索频道中文网". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Baidu keyword research tool.
^ "百度浏览器". Liulanqi.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ China's Baidu Joins Browser Battle, Wall Street Journal, July 20, 2011
^ Baidu's New Browser Looks Strikingly Familiar, China Real Time Report – WSJ, July 19, 2011
^ "Baidu Looks To Leapfrog Google With Cloud-Based Mobile OS (Update)". TechCrunch. September 2, 2011. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ "百度文库_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "百度经验_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. 2011-06-22. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "百度身边_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Fox Hu and Belinda Cao. Published Nov 2, 2013. Baidu's Qunar Rises After $167 Million IPO Exceeds Target. Bloomberg L.P.. Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ Qunar Cayman Islands Ltd Bloomberg L.P.. Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ http://blog.codexify.com/2015/09/bynow-you-all-must-be-familiar-with.html
^ "百度站长平台_让网站更具价值". zhanzhang.baidu.com. Retrieved 2015-09-21. 
^ "Baidu 101: An Overview of Baidu Webmaster Tools". Retrieved 2015-09-21. 
^ Lawton, Tait. "Baidu Pay Per Click: 7 Tips for a Successful Campaign". SearchEngineJournal.com. 
^ "Glogou Launches New Tools To Help Businesses Build Their Online Presence (And Ad Campaigns) In China". TechCrunch. 2012-11-06. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ 作者：清辰 (2012-11-07). "不懂中文没关系 Glogou帮助外企进军中国_互联网_科技时代_新浪网". Tech.sina.com.cn. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "Manage Baidu Ppc Registration". April 27, 2012. 
^ "百度联盟-让合作伙伴更强". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Lin, Susan. "Baidu's Content Network - Baidu Union". NanjingMarketingGroup.com. NanjingMarketingGroup.com. 
^ Statistics on Baidu's Annual Revenue, Baidu. March 2013.
^ Barboza, David (January 13, 2010). "Baidu's Gain from Departure Could Be China's Loss". The New York Times. 
^ "China Internet Users". 
^ Fletcher, Owen (August 3, 2010). "Baidu's CEO Pursues Long-Term Growth". Wall Street Journal. 
^ 传百度与Facebook签合作协议 – Baidu signed a cooperation agreement with Facebook, ThinkingChinese, April 14, 2011
^ "人人网，中国领先的实名制SNS社交网络。加入人人网，找到老同学，结识新朋友。". 
^ "开心网". 
^ Baidu and QQ aren't willing to remain outside the Chinese Social Network market, ThinkingChinese, April 2011
^ Yang, Yang (杨阳 Yáng Yáng). Translated by Guo Wei. "China's "Wikipedia" Submits Complaint about Baidu ." (Archive) The Economic Observer. March 4, 2011. Issue 508, Corporation, Page 28. Retrieved on October 26, 2012. Original article: "百度：我是大哥 我不叫度娘." Febinframe.php Archive])
^ "SEO in China - Top Innovative Agency". January 9, 2013. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Research, China Stock (September 1, 2014). "China Search Engine Market Share - August 2014". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Ruvolo, Julie. "Brazil Becomes A New Front In The Battle Between Baidu And Qihoo". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu's Alleged Anticompetitive Tactics in Brazil". April 14, 2015. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Hsu, Alex (15 July 2013). "Baidu Using Deep-Learning Technology to Boost Phoenix Nest Revenue". BrightWire News. 
^ [1] Archived February 18, 2015, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Baidu Applies for DNA Copyright Recognition Technology Patent". BrightWire. 
^ Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (1), Xiao Qiang, China Digital Times, April 30, 2009
Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (2)
Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (3)
^ Jonathan Stempel, "China, Baidu Sued In U.S. For Internet Censorship", Reuters, May 19, 2011.
^ "Zhang et al v. Baidu.Com Inc. et al". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Commentary: Death of college student raises questions on Baidu's ethics, People's Daily, 2016
^ China Focus: Investigation into Baidu after student death, Xinhua News Agency, 2016
^ Baidu, China's version of Google, is "evil," a growing number of users say, Quartz, 2016
^ China Orders Baidu to Revamp Advertising Results in Online Searches, The Wall Street Journal
^ Baidu to halt commercialization of Tieba health forums, China Daily, 2016


Further reading[edit]

Lee, Melanie (January 19, 2010). "NEWSMAKER-Baidu founder rules China's Web with pragmatism". Reuters.
Udeze, Chuka (March 26, 2012). Baidu Search to be Integrated by Apple on iOS Devices.
Kohout, Martin (October 30, 2014). "Spyware Baidu to Sony Xperia smartphones". FreeBit.cz.

External links[edit]
 Media related to Baidu at Wikimedia Commons

Official website



Business data for Baidu: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Baidu






Baidu Search Engine
Baidu News
Baidu MP3
Baidu Images
Baidu Video
Baidu Tieba
Baidu Zhidao
Baidu Maps
Baidu Space
Baidu Baike
Baidu Hi
Baidu Guoxue
Baidu Toolbar
Baidu Patents
Baidu Youa
Baifubao
Baidu 500
Hao123
Baidu Wenku
Baidu Yi
iQiyi

PPS.tv


Baidu Music










Links to related articles











v
t
e


Major Chinese Web portals






Baidu.com
NetEase [163.com]
Phoenix TV [ifeng.com]
Sina.com
Sohu.com
Tencent [qq.com]
TOM Online [tom.com]
R&C Media Group, Inc












v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx












v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecom
China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Web search engines



Active



AOL
Ahmia
Ask.com
Baidu
Bing
Blackle
Dogpile
DuckDuckGo
Ecosia
Exalead
Excite
GenieKnows
Gigablast
GoodSearch
Google
Info.com
Ixquick
Lycos
Naver
Qwant
Parsijoo
Picollator
SAPO
Scout
Seznam.cz
Sogou
Soso.com
Sputnik
Startpage
WebCrawler
YaCy
Yahoo!
Yandex
Yooz
Youdao





Inactive



A9.com
Aliweb
AlltheWeb
AltaVista
Blekko
Boogami
Cuil
Empas
Forestle
Go.com
Inktomi
JumpStation
LeapFish
Mugurdy
Northern Light
Powerset
Scroogle
SearchMe
Teoma
Viewzi
Vivisimo
Volunia
W3Catalog
Wikiseek
Yebol








Complete list
Comparison












v
t
e


Instant messaging



Protocols
(comparison)





Open




IMPP
IRC
Matrix
MTProto
RetroShare
Signal Protocol
SIP

MSRP
SIMPLE


Tox
XMPP

Jingle
WFP


Zephyr
DDP






Closed




MSNP
OSCAR

TOC


Skype
YMSG








Services



AIM
BAND
BlackBerry Messenger
Discord
Facebook Messenger
Google Allo
Google Hangouts
Google Talk
GroupMe
Hike Messenger
HipChat
ICQ
iGap
iMessage
IRC Networks
KakaoTalk
Kik
Libon
Line
Microsoft Messenger service
Nimbuzz
ooVoo
Palringo
Signal
Skype
Skype Qik
Slack
Snapchat
Tango
Telegram
QQ
Threema
Tox
Upptalk
Viber
WeChat
WhatsApp
Windows Messenger service
Yahoo! Messenger





Clients
(comparison)





Single protocol




Allo
AIM
Baidu Hi
BlackBerry Messenger
CSipSimple
Facebook Messenger
FaceTime
Fetion
Gadu-Gadu
GroupMe
IBM Sametime
ICQ
IMVU
Linphone
Palringo
RetroShare
Ricochet
Ring
Signal
Skype
Telegram
Tencent QQ
Tox
WeChat
WhatsApp
Wire
Wickr
Yahoo! Messenger






Multi-protocol




Adium
Ayttm
BitlBee
Centericq
eBuddy
Empathy
Fire
Gizmo5
Instantbird
Jitsi
Kopete
Messages/iChat
Miranda IM
Nimbuzz
Pidgin
QIP 2010
Skype for Business
Trillian
Telepathy
Upptalk
Xfire






XMPP (Jabber)




Bombus
ChatSecure
Conversations
Facebook Chat
Gajim
Google Talk
Psi
Tkabber
Spark






MSNP




aMSN
emesene
Windows Live Messenger
Windows Messenger
Skype








See also



Backchannel
Buddy profile
Chat log
Chatbot
Contact list
Emoticon
File sharing
Instant message service center
LAN messenger
Mobile instant messaging
Presence information
Shoutbox
SMS language
Status message
Videotelephony
Voice over IP
Webcam
Web chat
Circuit
eXo Platform
FirstClass
Flock
Fuze Box
Glip
Hall.com
Lua
Yammer















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Baidu&oldid=792078152"					
Categories: BaiduCompanies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQInternet search enginesChinese websitesOnline companiesInternet properties established in 2000Science and technology in the People's Republic of ChinaInternet companies of ChinaSoftware companies of ChinaMultinational companies headquartered in China2000 establishments in ChinaNotorious marketsChinese brandsChinese companies established in 2000Hidden categories: CS1 errors: invisible charactersPages with URL errorsArticles with Chinese-language external linksWebarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from July 2013Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from December 2016All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing Chinese-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2016Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011Articles with unsourced statements from April 2013Articles with unsourced statements from July 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡქართულიMagyarമലയാളംNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSlovenčinaSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt文言粵語中文डोटेली 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 09:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 









Baidu - Wikipedia






















 






Baidu

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Beidu, Beidou, or Baidul.

Baidu, Inc.





Type of site

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: BIDU
NASDAQ-100 Component


Founded
January 1, 2000; 17 years ago (2000-01-01)


Headquarters
Beijing, China


Area served
Worldwide


Key people
Robin Li (Chairman, CEO) [1]


Industry
Internet


Revenue

 CNY 70.549 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [2]




Operating income

 CNY 10.049 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [2]




Total assets

 CNY 181.997 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [3]




Total equity

 CNY 92.250 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [3]




Employees

(Mar 31, 2016) [4]
43,500


Website
www.baidu.com


Alexa rank
 4 (Global, December 2016[update])[5]







Baidu



Baidu headquarters, Haidian District, Beijing



Chinese
百度





Transcriptions


Standard Mandarin


Hanyu Pinyin
Bǎidù


Gwoyeu Romatzyh
Baeduh


Wade–Giles
Paitu


IPA
[pài.tû]


Wu


Romanization
Bah tu


Yue: Cantonese


Yale Romanization
Baakdoh


IPA
[pāːk.tòu̯]


Jyutping
Baak3 dou6


Southern Min


Hokkien POJ
Pah-to͘








Baidu, Inc. (Chinese: 百度; pinyin: Bǎidù, anglicized /ˈbaɪduː/ "BY-doo"), incorporated on 18 January 2000, is a Chinese web services company headquartered at the Baidu Campus in Beijing's Haidian District.[6] It is one of the largest Internet companies in the world.
Baidu offers many services, including a Chinese search engine for websites, audio files and images. Baidu offers 57 search and community services including Baidu Baike (an online, collaboratively built encyclopedia) and a searchable, keyword-based discussion forum.[7] Baidu was established in 2000 by Robin Li and Eric Xu. Both of the co-founders are Chinese nationals who studied and worked overseas before returning to China. In December 2016[update], Baidu ranked 4th overall in the Alexa Internet rankings.[8]
During Q4 of 2010, it is estimated that there were 4.02 billion search queries in China of which Baidu had a market share of 56.6%. China's Internet-search revenue share in second quarter 2011 by Baidu is 76%.[9] In December 2007, Baidu became the first Chinese company to be included in the NASDAQ-100 index.[10]
As of 2006, Baidu provided an index of over 740 million web pages, 80 million images, and 10 million multimedia files.[11] Baidu offers multimedia content including MP3 music, and movies, and is the first in China to offer Wireless Application Protocol (WAP) and personal digital assistant (PDA)-based mobile search.
Baidu Baike is similar to Wikipedia as an online encyclopedia; however, unlike Wikipedia, only registered users can edit the articles due to Chinese laws. While access to Wikipedia has been intermittently blocked or certain articles filtered in China since June 2004, there is some controversy about the degree to which Baidu cooperates with Chinese government censorship.[12]
The company also hosts a music service, called Baidu Music, that has more than 150 million monthly active users. On 4 December 2015, Baidu announced plans to merge with Taihe Entertainment Group to help the service compete with Apple Inc.'s Apple Music, which Apple plans to make available in China.[13]



Contents


1 Name
2 History

2.1 Early development
2.2 Domain name redirection
2.3 Baidu workers arrested
2.4 91 Wireless acquisition
2.5 2010s announcements


3 Services
4 Advertisements

4.1 Pay for placement (P4P)
4.2 ProTheme
4.3 Baidu TV


5 Baidu Union
6 Competition
7 Research and patents
8 Censorship
9 Controversies

9.1 Death of Wei Zexi
9.2 Commercialization of Tieba


10 See also
11 References
12 Further reading
13 External links



Name[edit]
The name Baidu (百度) literally means "a hundred times", or alternatively, "countless times". It is a quote from the last line of Xin Qiji (辛弃疾)'s classical poem "Green Jade Table in The Lantern Festival" (青玉案·元夕) saying: "Having searched thousands of times in the crowd, suddenly turning back, She is there in the dimmest candlelight." (众里寻他千百度，蓦然回首，那人却在灯火阑珊处。)[14]
History[edit]
Early development[edit]
In 1994, Robin Li (Li Yanhong, 李彦宏) joined IDD Information Services, a New Jersey division of Dow Jones and Company, where he helped develop software for the online edition of the Wall Street Journal.[15] He also worked on developing better algorithms for search engines and remained at IDD Information Services from May 1994 to June 1997.
In 1996, while at IDD, Li developed the RankDex site-scoring algorithm for search engines results page ranking[16][17][18] and received a US patent for the technology.[19] He later used this technology for the Baidu search engine.
In 2000, the company Baidu launched in Beijing, China. The first office was located in a hotel room, which was near Peking University from where Robin graduated.
In 2003, Baidu launched a news search engine and picture search engine, adopting a special identification technology capable of identifying and grouping the articles.[20]
Domain name redirection[edit]
On January 12, 2010, Baidu.com's DNS records in the United States were altered such that browsers to baidu.com were redirected to a website purporting to be the Iranian Cyber Army, thought to be behind the attack on Twitter during the 2009 Iranian election protests, making the proper site unusable for four hours.[21] Internet users were met with a page saying "This site has been attacked by Iranian Cyber Army".[22] Chinese hackers later responded by attacking Iranian websites and leaving messages.[23] Baidu later launched legal action against Register.com for gross negligence after it was revealed that Register.com's technical support staff changed the email address for Baidu.com on the request of an unnamed individual, despite failing security verification procedures. Once the address had been changed, the individual was able to use the forgotten password feature to have Baidu's domain passwords sent directly to them, allowing them to accomplish the domain hijacking.[24][25]
Baidu workers arrested[edit]
On August 6, 2012, the BBC reported that three employees of Baidu were arrested on suspicion that they accepted bribes. The bribes were allegedly paid for deleting posts from the forum service. Four people were fired in connection with these arrests.[26]
91 Wireless acquisition[edit]
On July 16, 2013, Baidu announced its intention to purchase 91 Wireless from NetDragon. 91 Wireless is best known for its app store, but it has been reported that the app store faces piracy and other legal issues.[27] On August 14, 2013, Baidu announced that its wholly owned subsidiary Baidu (Hong Kong) Limited has signed a definitive merger agreement to acquire 91 Wireless Web-soft Limited from NetDragon Web-soft Inc.[28] for $1.85 billion in what was reported to be the biggest deal ever in China's IT sector.[29]
2010s announcements[edit]
On July 31, 2012, Baidu announced they would team up with Sina to provide mobile search results.[30]
On November 18, 2012, Baidu announced that they would be partnering with Qualcomm to offer free cloud storage to Android users with Snapdragon processors.[31]
On August 2, 2013, Baidu launched its Personal Assistant app, designed to help CEOs, managers and the white-collar workers manage their business relationships.[32]
On May 16, 2014, Baidu appointed Dr. Andrew Ng as chief scientist. Dr. Ng will lead Baidu Research in Silicon Valley and Beijing.[33]
On July 18, 2014, the company launched a Brazilian version of the search engine, Baidu Busca.[34]
On October 9, 2014, Baidu announced acquisition of Brazilian local e-commerce site Peixe Urbano.[35]
In April 2017, Baidu announced to launch Apollo project, its self-driving vehicle platform in a bid to help drive the development of autonomous cars including vehicle platform, hardware platform, software platform and cloud data services.[36] Baidu plans to launch this project in July this year, before gradually introducing fully autonomous driving capabilities on highways and open city roads by 2020.[37]
In June 2017, Baidu partnered with Continental and Bosch, auto industry suppliers, on automated driving and connected cars.[38]
Services[edit]
Baidu offers several services[39] to locate information, products and services using Chinese-language search terms, such as, search by Chinese phonetics, advanced search, snapshots, spell checker, stock quotes, news, knows, postbar, images, video and space information, and weather, train and flight schedules and other local information. The user-agent string of Baidu search engine is Baiduspider.[40][41] Also, a Baidu application for Apple's iOS is available.[42]

Baidu Map (百度地图) is a desktop and mobile mapping solution similar to Google Maps, but covering only the Greater China region
Baidu Netdisk (百度网盘), formerly Baidu Cloud (百度云) is a cloud storage service that offers 2 TB of free data storage.[43]
Baidu started its Japanese language search service, run by Baidu Japan, the company's first regular service outside of China.[44] It includes a search bar for web pages and image searches, user help and advanced services.[45] The Japanese search engine closed on March 16, 2015.[46]
Baidu Post Bar (百度贴吧)provides users with a query-based searchable community to exchange views and share knowledge and experiences. It is an online community bound tightly with Baidu's search service.
Baidu News provides links to a selection of local, national and international news, and presents news stories in a searchable format, within minutes of their publication on the Web. Baidu News uses an automated process to display links to related headlines, which enables people to see many different viewpoints on the same story. Chinese government and Chinese industry sources stated that Baidu received a license from Beijing, which allows the search engine to become a full-fledged news website. Thus Baidu is able to provide its own reports, besides showing certain results as a search engine. Baidu is the first Chinese search engine to receive such a license.[47]
Baidu Knows (百度知道) provides users with a query-based searchable community to share knowledge and experience. Through Baidu Knows, registered members of Baidu Knows can post specific questions for other members to respond and also answer questions of other members.
Baidu MP3 Search provides algorithm-generated links to songs and other multimedia files provided by Internet content providers. Baidu started with a popular music search feature called "MP3 Search" and its comprehensive lists of popular Chinese music, Baidu 500, based on download numbers. Baidu locates file formats such as MP3, WMA and SWF. The multimedia search feature is mainly used in searches for Chinese pop music. While such works are copyrighted under Chinese law, Baidu claims on its legal disclaimer that linking to these files does not break Chinese law. This has led other local search engines to follow the practice, including Google China(Hong Kong), which uses an intermediate company called Top100 to offer a similar MP3 Search service.
Baidu Image Search enables users to search millions of images on the Internet. Baidu Image Search offers features such as search by image size and by image file type. Image listings are organized by various categories, which are updated automatically through algorithms.
Baidu Video Search enables users to search for and access through hyperlinks of online video clips that are hosted on third parties’ Websites.
Baidu Space the social networking service of Baidu, allows registered users to create personalized homepages in a query-based searchable community.[48] Registered users can post their Web logs, or blogs, photo album and certain personal information on their homepages and establish their own communities of friends who are also registered users. By July 2009, it had reached 100 million registered users
Baidu Baike, is China's largest online encyclopedia by users and page views/web traffic; second largest encyclopedia by article count (after Hudong).

China Digital Village Encyclopedia (中国数字乡村大百科全书), in June 2009, Baidu announced it would compile the largest digital rural encyclopedia in China, according to China Securities Journal. It is expected to include 500,000 administrative villages in China, covering 80% of the total 600,000 villages in China. Baidu is creating the content of this encyclopedia largely from participants of its "rural information competition" (乡村信息化大赛),[49] on which it has spent roughly five million yuan on incentives. Baidu sees China's rural areas as great potential for electronic business (e-business), evidenced by the fact that revenue grew the fastest from agriculture, forestry, animals, and fishery in the company's keyword promotion project, a crucial source of Baidu's total revenue. In addition to Baidu Encyclopedia, the company scales up keyword promotion and takes advantage of other products, such as Baidu Zhidao and Baidu Youa, to provide consultation, brand ad exhibitions and online network marketing/sales platform support, marketing information for rural tourism and promoting local products.[50]


Baidu Search Ranking provides listings of search terms based on daily search queries entered on Baidu.com. The listings are organized by categories and allow users to locate search terms on topics of interest.
Baidu Web Directory enables users to browse and search through websites that have been organized into categories.
Baidu Government Information Search allows users to search various regulations, rules, notices, and other information announced by People's Republic of China government entities.
Baidu Postal Code Search enables users to search postal codes in hundreds of cities in China.
Educational Website Search allows users to search the Websites of educational institutions. Baidu University Search allows users to search information on or browse through the Websites of specific universities in China
Baidu Legal Search enables users to search a database that contains national and local laws and regulations, cases, legal decisions, and law dictionaries.
Baidu Love is a query-based searchable community where registered users can write and post messages to loved ones.
Baidu Patent Search enables users to search for specific Chinese patents and provides basic patent information in the search results, including the patent's name, application number, filing date, issue date, inventor information and brief description of the patent.
Baidu Games is an online channel that allows users to search or browse through game-related news and content.
Baidu-Hexun Finance, a financial information Website,[51] with partner Hexun.com, a financial information service provider in China with news reporting and securities consulting licenses. Users can search or browse through economic and financial news, information relating to personal wealth management and related market statistics.
Baidu Statistics Search enables users to search statistics that have been published by the Government of the People's Republic of China
Baidu Entertainment is an online channel for entertainment-related news and content. Users can search or browse through news and other information relating to specific stars, movies, television series and music.
Baidu Tongji is Baidu's web analytics platform. It provides users with many reports about visitors to their website, such as a report on the source of visitors to their website, a user demographics report, reports on content viewed on site, and a heat map report.[52]
Baidu Dictionary provides users with lookup and text translation services between Chinese and English.
Baidu Youa, an online shopping/e-commerce platform through which businesses can sell their products and services at Baidu-registered stores.[53]
Baidu Desktop Search, a free, downloadable software, which enables users to search all files saved on their computer without launching a Web browser.
Baidu Sobar, a free, downloadable software, displayed on a browser's tool bar and makes the search function available on every Web page that a user browses.
Baidu Wireless provides various services for mobile phones, including a Chinese-input front end processor (FEP) for various popular operating systems including Android, Symbian S60v5, and Windows Mobile.
Baidu Anti-Virus offers anti-virus software products and computer virus-related news.
Baidu Safety Center, launched in 2008, provides users with free virus scanning, system repair and online security evaluations
Baidu Internet TV (known as Baidu Movies) allows users to search, watch and download free movies, television series, cartoons, and other programs hosted on its servers
Chinese-language voice assistant search services for Chinese speakers visiting Japan was launched in 2008, with partner Japanese personal handy-phone system operator Willcom Inc.
Discovery Networks Asia-Pacific,[54] joint venture with Discovery Communications, focusing on science, technology, space, natural history, engineering, paleontology, archaeology, history, and culture.
Baidu Index (known as Baidu Zhishu) allows users to look up the search volume and trend for certain hot keywords and phrases. It can serve as a Baidu keyword research tool.[55]
Baidu Bookmarks (known as Baidu Soucang) is a social bookmarking service supported by Baidu.com
Baidu Browser is a web browser first released[56] as a beta in July 2011.[57] It has been noted that the user interface looks very similar to Google Chrome/Chromium.[58]
Baidu Yi is a smartphone operating system based on Android OS, announced in September 2011.[59]
Baidu Library is an open online platform for users to share documents. All the documents in Baidu Library are uploaded by the users and Baidu does not edit or change the documents. Users can read and download lecture notes, exercises, sample exams, presentation slides, materials of various subjects, variety of documents templates, etc. However, it is not completely free. In order to download some documents, users should have enough Baidu points to cover the points asked by the uploaders. Users could gain Baidu points by making contribution to Baidu Library and other users, such as uploading documents, categorizing documents, evaluating documents, etc.[60]
Baidu Experience is a product of Baidu primarily focusing on supporting the users with practical problems. In other words, it helps the users to solve the "how to do" problem. It was launched in October 2010. In architecture, Baidu Experience has integrated and reformatted Baidu Encyclopedia and Baike Knows. The first difference between Baidu Experience and Baidu Knows is that the former concentrates on specific "how to do" problems while the later contains a wider range of problems. The second difference is that users could share their experience without being asked on Baidu Experience.[61]
Baidu around You is a searching and sharing platform aiming at supporting the users with making their consumption decisions. There are currently 7 main categories of information on Baidu around You, including food, shopping, recreation, hotels, fitness, beauty and traveling. In addition, Baidu around You provides the users with convenient services and local information, partially coming from the users and searchable by cities.[62]
Qunar (Qunar Cayman Islands Limited), travel-booking service controlled by Baidu. As of 2013, Qunar had 31.4 million active users and raised $167 Million at its initial public offering that year.[63] It is listed at NASDAQ: QUNR[64]
Baidu Duer: Another addition to the family of virtual assistants.[65]
Baidu Zhanzhang: The free suite of webmaster tools offered by Baidu.[66][67]

Advertisements[edit]
Baidu's primary advertising product is called Baidu Tuiguang and is similar to Google Adwords and Adsense. It is a pay per click advertising platform that allows advertisers to have their ads shown in Baidu search results pages and on other websites that are part of Baidu Union.
Baidu sells its advertising products via a network of resellers.[68]
Baidu's web administrative tools are all in Chinese, which makes it tough for non-Chinese speakers to use. Recently, a third-party company began to develop a tool with an English-language interface for Baidu advertising programs.[69][70]
Moreover, the service may only be used by advertisers with a registered business address in China or in several other East Asian countries.[71]
Pay for placement (P4P)[edit]
Baidu focuses on generating revenues primarily from online marketing services. Baidu's pay for placement (P4P) platform enables its customers to reach users who search for information related to their products or services. Customers use automated online tools to create text-based descriptions of their web pages and bid on keywords that trigger the display of their webpage information and link. Baidu's P4P platform features an automated online sign-up process that customers use to activate their accounts at any time. The P4P platform is an online marketplace that introduces Internet search users to customers who bid for priority placement in the search results. Baidu also uses third-party distributors to sell some of its online marketing services to end customers and offers discounts to these distributors in consideration of their services.
Baidu offers certain consultative services, such as keyword suggestions, account management and performance reporting. Baidu suggests synonyms and associated phrases to use as keywords or text in search listings. These suggestions can improve clickthrough rates of the customer's listing and increase the likelihood that a user will enter into a transaction with the customer. Baidu also provides online daily reports of the number of clickthroughs, clicked keywords and the total costs incurred, as well as statistical reports organized by geographic region.[citation needed]
ProTheme[edit]
Baidu offers ProTheme services to some of its Baidu Union members, which enable these members to display on their properties its customers' promotional links that are relevant to the subject and content of such members' properties. Baidu generates revenues from ProTheme services based on the number of clicks on its customers' links and share the revenues with its Baidu Union members in accordance with pre-agreed terms. Baidu's fixed-ranking services allow customers to display query-sensitive text links at a designated location on its search results pages. Its Targetizement services enable customers to reach their targeted Internet users by displaying their advertisements only when their targeted Internet users browse Baidu's certain Web pages.
Baidu TV[edit]
Baidu operates its advertising service, Baidu TV, in partnership with Ads it! Media Corporation, an online advertising agency and technology company. Baidu TV provides advertisers access to the websites of its Baidu Union members, allowing advertisers to choose Websites on which they post their video advertisements with the aid of its advertisement targeting and matching system. It also offers a brand advertising service, Brand-Link. In June 2008, Baidu launched My Marketing Center, a customized platform integrating industry information, market trends and business, and industry news and reports to assist existing customers in their sales and marketing efforts. Other forms of its online advertising services allow customers to display query sensitive and non-query sensitive advertisements on its websites, including graphical advertisements.
Baidu Union[edit]
Baidu Union consists of several third-party websites and software applications.[72] Union members incorporate a Baidu search box or toolbar and match its sponsored links with the content on their properties. Their users can conduct search via the Baidu search box or toolbar and can click the sponsored links located on their properties. Baidu has also launched programs through which it displays the online advertising of its customers on Baidu Union websites, and share the fees generated by these advertisements with the owners of these Baidu Union websites. As of May 2011, there were 230 thousand partner websites that displayed Baidu Union ads on their websites.[73]
Competition[edit]
Baidu[74] competes with 360 Search (www.so.com), Sogou Search (www.sogou.com), Yahoo! China, Microsoft's Bing and MSN Messenger, Sina, Wikipedia, NetEase's Youdao, Tencent's Soso.com and PaiPai, Alibaba's Taobao, TOM Online, and EachNet.
Baidu is the No. 1 search engine in China, controlling 63 percent of China's market share as of January 2010, according to iResearch.[75] The number of Internet users in China had reached 705 million by the end of 2015, according to a report by the internetlivestats.com.[76]
In an August 2010 Wall Street Journal article,[77] Baidu played down its benefit from Google's having moved its China search service to Hong Kong, but Baidu's share of revenue in China's search-advertising market grew six percentage points in the second quarter to 70%, according to Beijing-based research firm Analysys International.
It is also evident that Baidu is attempting to enter the Internet social network market. As of 2011[update], it is discussing the possibility of working with Facebook, which would lead to a Chinese version of the international social network, managed by Baidu.[78] This plan, if executed, would face off Baidu with competition from the three popular Chinese social networks Qzone, Renren[79] and Kaixin001[80] as well as induce rivalry with instant-messaging giant, Tencent QQ.[81]
On February 22, 2012, Hudong submitted a complaint to the State Administration for Industry and Commerce asking for a review of the behavior of Baidu, accusing it of being monopolistic.[82]
On January 9, 2013, Baidu was still number one in the market, with 64.5% of the users, the closest competitor, Qihoo 360, who launched its own search engine in August, has already taken hold of 10.2% users. Following are Google and Sogou.[83]
By August 2014, Baidu's search market share in China has dropped to 56.3%, where Qihoo 360, its closest competitor who has rebranded its search engine as so.com, has increased its market share to 29.0%, according to report from CNZZ.com.[84]
In February 2015, Baidu was alleged to use anticompetitive tactics in Brazil against the Brazilian online security firm PSafe and Qihoo 360 (the largest investor of PSafe).[85][86]
Research and patents[edit]
Baidu has started to invest in deep learning research and is integrating new deep learning technology into some of its apps and products, including Phoenix Nest. Phoenix Nest is Baidu's ad-bidding platform.[87]
In April 2012 Baidu applied for a patent for its "DNA copyright recognition" technology. This technology automatically scans files that are uploaded by Internet users, and recognizes and filters out content that may violate copyright law. This allows Baidu to offer an infringement-free platform.[88][89]
Baidu has applied for a utility patent in the UK, for its proprietary site-wise search technology which is currently available in China.[citation needed]
Censorship[edit]
According to the China Digital Times, Baidu has a long history of being the most proactive and restrictive online censor in the search arena. Documents leaked in April 2009 from an employee in Baidu's internal monitoring and censorship department show a long list of blocked websites and censored topics on Baidu search.[90]
In May 2011, activists sued Baidu in the United States for violating the U.S. constitution by the censorship it conducts in accord with the demand of the Chinese government.[91] A U.S. judge has ruled[92] that the Chinese search engine Baidu has the right to block pro-democracy works from its query results, dismissing a lawsuit that sought to punish the company for Internet censorship.[citation needed]
Controversies[edit]
Baidu's reviews are mixed for in many fields and it is controversial. The examples are promoting and commercialization of Baidu Tieba.
Death of Wei Zexi[edit]
Main article: Death of Wei Zexi
In May 2016, Baidu's P4P search results reportedly caused the death of a student who tried an experimental cancer therapy he found online. The 21-year-old college student was named Wèi Zéxī (魏则西), who studied in Xidian University. Wei was diagnosed with synovial sarcoma, a rare form of cancer. He found the Second Hospital of the Beijing Armed Police Corps (武警北京市总队第二医院) through the search engine Baidu, on which the hospital had been promoting itself. The treatment proved to be unsuccessful.[citation needed]
After Wei's family spent around 200,000 yuan (around 31,150 USD) for treatment in the hospital, Wei Zexi died on April 12, 2016. The incident triggered massive online discussions after Wei's death. The fact that Baidu valued money way more than life kindled nationwide rage.[93] On May 2, 2016, Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC), the top watchdog for China's Internet space, dispatched a team of investigators to Baidu.[94] The case is still ongoing. One report claimed medical advertising makes up for 30% of Baidu's ad revenue, much of which comes from for-profit hospitals that belong to the "Putian Network", a collection of hospitals across the country founded by medical entrepreneurs associated with the Putian region of Fujian province.[95] The investigation led Chinese regulators to impose several restrictions on Baidu, including adding disclaimers to promotional content and establishing channels for complaints about Baidu services.[96]
Commercialization of Tieba[edit]
Baidu sold the hemophilia online community, one of the communities of Tieba, to unqualified hospitals. In January 2016, Baidu announced that it will stop selling all of its illness-related Tieba.[97]
See also[edit]

Software industry in China
China Software Industry Association
Intellectual property in the People's Republic of China
Censorship of the internet in China



China portal
Beijing portal
Companies portal
Internet portal


References[edit]


^ "Baidu - Investors - Management". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ a b "Baidu - Investors - Press Releases". Retrieved April 4, 2017. 
^ a b http://ir.baidu.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=188488&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=2248999
^ "Baidu - Investors - Investor FAQs". Retrieved Feb 14, 2017. 
^ "Baidu.com Site Overview". Alexa Internet. Retrieved December 28, 2016. 
^ "IR Contacts." Baidu. Retrieved on December 27, 2010. "Address: Baidu Campus, No. 10, Shangdi 10th Street, Haidian District, Beijing 100085 People's Republic of China."
^ "Baidu's 57 Products/Services: Introduction and History". China Analyst (CNAnalyst.com). 
^ "Alexa Top 500 Global Sites". Retrieved December 20, 2014. 
^ "The China Perspective, "China Economic Watch"".  }
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C. (December 10, 2007). "Search site moves at the speed of China". Los Angeles Times. 
^ "MSN Money – BIDU". MSN Money. Archived from the original on May 1, 2006. Retrieved 2006-05-11. 
^ Branigan, Tania. "Google to end censorship in China over cyber-attacks". Guardian. Retrieved 3 February 2014. 
^ "Baidu Music to merge with Taihe to take on Apple Music in China". Digital Market Asia. DMA News Desk. December 4, 2015. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ "The Baidu Story". Baidu. 
^ "Robin Li's vision powers Baidu's Internet search dominance", Taipei Times, September 17i, 2006.
^ Greenberg, Andy, "The Man Who's Beating Google", Forbes magazine, October 5, 2009
^ Yanhong Li, "Toward a Qualitative Search Engine," IEEE Internet Computing, vol. 2, no. 4, pp. 24–29, July/Aug. 1998, doi:10.1109/4236.707687
^ "About: RankDex", rankdex.com
^ USPTO, "Hypertext Document Retrieval System and Method", US Patent number: 5920859, Inventor: Yanhong Li, Filing date: Feb 5, 1997, Issue date: Jul 6, 1999
^ "Baidu Launched News Search Engine and Pictures Search Engine". 
^ "Baidu hacked by 'Iranian cyber army'". BBC News. 2010-01-12. Archived from the original on January 13, 2010. Retrieved 2010-01-12. 
^ "China's top search engine Baidu hacked". People's Daily. January 12, 2010. 
^ Branigan, Tania (January 12, 2010). "'Iranian' hackers paralyse Chinese search engine Baidu". The Guardian. London. 
^ Back, Aaron. "Baidu Sues Register.com, Alleges Negligence in Hacking Attack". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu: Registrar 'incredibly' changed our e-mail for hacker," Computer World, February 24, 2010. Accessed December 13, 2010.
^ "BBC News - Baidu workers arrested for 'deleting posts for money'". Bbc.co.uk. 2012-08-06. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Hsu, Alex (16 Jul 2013). "91 Wireless’ App Store Has Piracy and Other Legal Issues". BrightWire News. 
^ Baidu Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire NetDragon's Subsidiary 91 Wireless,Baidu Press Releases, August 14, 2013
^ Paul Carsten (14 August 2013). "Baidu says agrees to buy Netdragon's 91 Wireless for $1.85 billion". Reuters. 
^ "Sina and Baidu team up in China to focus on mobile". bbc.co.uk. July 31, 2012. 
^ "Baidu and Qualcomm partner to offer free cloud storage". Geeks Hut. 2012-11-19. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Baidu Launch Personal Assistant App for Android Phones,CHINA INTERNET WATCH, August 6, 2013
^ "Baidu Opens Silicon Valley Lab, Appoints Andrew Ng as Head of Baidu Research". PRNewswire.com. Retrieved 2017-06-03. 
^ Paul Bischoff (2014-07-18). "China web giant Baidu launches search engine in Brazil". Tech In Asia. Retrieved 2014-08-04. 
^ "China's Baidu buys control of Brazil's Peixe Urbano in expansion push". Reuters. 2014-12-04. 
^ Jon Russell (18 April 2017). "Baidu is making its self-driving car platform freely available to the automotive industry". TechCrunch. Retrieved 19 April 2017. 
^ Sangameswaran S (19 April 2017). "Baidu to launch self-driving car technology in July". REUTERS. Retrieved 19 April 2017. 
^ Darrell Etherington (1 June 2017). [  https://techcrunch.com/2017/06/01/baidu-teams-up-with-bosch-and-continental-on-self-driving-tech "Baidu teams up with Bosch and Continental on self-driving tech"] Check |url= value (help). TechCrunch. Retrieved 1 June 2017.  line feed character in |url= at position 2 (help)
^ "Baidu - Investors - Products". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "关于baiduspider". baidu.com. March 18, 2009. 
^ "Baiduspider User-Agent String". httpuseragent.org. March 17, 2009. 
^ "手机百度-海量新闻、上网最快、团购电影票最优惠的搜索 on the App Store". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Baidu Yun official website. Retrieved 2014-04-23.(in Chinese)
^ "Baidu Japan". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "China's Google in Japan". Infoniac.com. March 23, 2007. 
^ "After 8 years of failing, Baidu shuts Japan search engine". Tech IN Asia. April 17, 2015. 
^ "Google's Lookalike is Expanding in China". Gadget4boys.com. January 23, 2007. 
^ "百度Hi官网". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "xiangcun.baidu.com". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu will compile the rural digital Encyclopedia - BIC". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "百度新闻搜索——全球最大的中文新闻平台". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Lawton, Tait. "A Thorough Guide to Baidu Analytics (Baidu Tongji)". 
^ "Youa.com". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Discovery探索频道中文网". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Baidu keyword research tool.
^ "百度浏览器". Liulanqi.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ China's Baidu Joins Browser Battle, Wall Street Journal, July 20, 2011
^ Baidu's New Browser Looks Strikingly Familiar, China Real Time Report – WSJ, July 19, 2011
^ "Baidu Looks To Leapfrog Google With Cloud-Based Mobile OS (Update)". TechCrunch. September 2, 2011. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ "百度文库_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "百度经验_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. 2011-06-22. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "百度身边_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Fox Hu and Belinda Cao. Published Nov 2, 2013. Baidu's Qunar Rises After $167 Million IPO Exceeds Target. Bloomberg L.P.. Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ Qunar Cayman Islands Ltd Bloomberg L.P.. Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ http://blog.codexify.com/2015/09/bynow-you-all-must-be-familiar-with.html
^ "百度站长平台_让网站更具价值". zhanzhang.baidu.com. Retrieved 2015-09-21. 
^ "Baidu 101: An Overview of Baidu Webmaster Tools". Retrieved 2015-09-21. 
^ Lawton, Tait. "Baidu Pay Per Click: 7 Tips for a Successful Campaign". SearchEngineJournal.com. 
^ "Glogou Launches New Tools To Help Businesses Build Their Online Presence (And Ad Campaigns) In China". TechCrunch. 2012-11-06. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ 作者：清辰 (2012-11-07). "不懂中文没关系 Glogou帮助外企进军中国_互联网_科技时代_新浪网". Tech.sina.com.cn. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "Manage Baidu Ppc Registration". April 27, 2012. 
^ "百度联盟-让合作伙伴更强". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Lin, Susan. "Baidu's Content Network - Baidu Union". NanjingMarketingGroup.com. NanjingMarketingGroup.com. 
^ Statistics on Baidu's Annual Revenue, Baidu. March 2013.
^ Barboza, David (January 13, 2010). "Baidu's Gain from Departure Could Be China's Loss". The New York Times. 
^ "China Internet Users". 
^ Fletcher, Owen (August 3, 2010). "Baidu's CEO Pursues Long-Term Growth". Wall Street Journal. 
^ 传百度与Facebook签合作协议 – Baidu signed a cooperation agreement with Facebook, ThinkingChinese, April 14, 2011
^ "人人网，中国领先的实名制SNS社交网络。加入人人网，找到老同学，结识新朋友。". 
^ "开心网". 
^ Baidu and QQ aren't willing to remain outside the Chinese Social Network market, ThinkingChinese, April 2011
^ Yang, Yang (杨阳 Yáng Yáng). Translated by Guo Wei. "China's "Wikipedia" Submits Complaint about Baidu ." (Archive) The Economic Observer. March 4, 2011. Issue 508, Corporation, Page 28. Retrieved on October 26, 2012. Original article: "百度：我是大哥 我不叫度娘." Febinframe.php Archive])
^ "SEO in China - Top Innovative Agency". January 9, 2013. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Research, China Stock (September 1, 2014). "China Search Engine Market Share - August 2014". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Ruvolo, Julie. "Brazil Becomes A New Front In The Battle Between Baidu And Qihoo". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu's Alleged Anticompetitive Tactics in Brazil". April 14, 2015. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Hsu, Alex (15 July 2013). "Baidu Using Deep-Learning Technology to Boost Phoenix Nest Revenue". BrightWire News. 
^ [1] Archived February 18, 2015, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Baidu Applies for DNA Copyright Recognition Technology Patent". BrightWire. 
^ Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (1), Xiao Qiang, China Digital Times, April 30, 2009
Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (2)
Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (3)
^ Jonathan Stempel, "China, Baidu Sued In U.S. For Internet Censorship", Reuters, May 19, 2011.
^ "Zhang et al v. Baidu.Com Inc. et al". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Commentary: Death of college student raises questions on Baidu's ethics, People's Daily, 2016
^ China Focus: Investigation into Baidu after student death, Xinhua News Agency, 2016
^ Baidu, China's version of Google, is "evil," a growing number of users say, Quartz, 2016
^ China Orders Baidu to Revamp Advertising Results in Online Searches, The Wall Street Journal
^ Baidu to halt commercialization of Tieba health forums, China Daily, 2016


Further reading[edit]

Lee, Melanie (January 19, 2010). "NEWSMAKER-Baidu founder rules China's Web with pragmatism". Reuters.
Udeze, Chuka (March 26, 2012). Baidu Search to be Integrated by Apple on iOS Devices.
Kohout, Martin (October 30, 2014). "Spyware Baidu to Sony Xperia smartphones". FreeBit.cz.

External links[edit]
 Media related to Baidu at Wikimedia Commons

Official website



Business data for Baidu: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Baidu






Baidu Search Engine
Baidu News
Baidu MP3
Baidu Images
Baidu Video
Baidu Tieba
Baidu Zhidao
Baidu Maps
Baidu Space
Baidu Baike
Baidu Hi
Baidu Guoxue
Baidu Toolbar
Baidu Patents
Baidu Youa
Baifubao
Baidu 500
Hao123
Baidu Wenku
Baidu Yi
iQiyi

PPS.tv


Baidu Music










Links to related articles











v
t
e


Major Chinese Web portals






Baidu.com
NetEase [163.com]
Phoenix TV [ifeng.com]
Sina.com
Sohu.com
Tencent [qq.com]
TOM Online [tom.com]
R&C Media Group, Inc












v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx












v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecom
China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Web search engines



Active



AOL
Ahmia
Ask.com
Baidu
Bing
Blackle
Dogpile
DuckDuckGo
Ecosia
Exalead
Excite
GenieKnows
Gigablast
GoodSearch
Google
Info.com
Ixquick
Lycos
Naver
Qwant
Parsijoo
Picollator
SAPO
Scout
Seznam.cz
Sogou
Soso.com
Sputnik
Startpage
WebCrawler
YaCy
Yahoo!
Yandex
Yooz
Youdao





Inactive



A9.com
Aliweb
AlltheWeb
AltaVista
Blekko
Boogami
Cuil
Empas
Forestle
Go.com
Inktomi
JumpStation
LeapFish
Mugurdy
Northern Light
Powerset
Scroogle
SearchMe
Teoma
Viewzi
Vivisimo
Volunia
W3Catalog
Wikiseek
Yebol








Complete list
Comparison












v
t
e


Instant messaging



Protocols
(comparison)





Open




IMPP
IRC
Matrix
MTProto
RetroShare
Signal Protocol
SIP

MSRP
SIMPLE


Tox
XMPP

Jingle
WFP


Zephyr
DDP






Closed




MSNP
OSCAR

TOC


Skype
YMSG








Services



AIM
BAND
BlackBerry Messenger
Discord
Facebook Messenger
Google Allo
Google Hangouts
Google Talk
GroupMe
Hike Messenger
HipChat
ICQ
iGap
iMessage
IRC Networks
KakaoTalk
Kik
Libon
Line
Microsoft Messenger service
Nimbuzz
ooVoo
Palringo
Signal
Skype
Skype Qik
Slack
Snapchat
Tango
Telegram
QQ
Threema
Tox
Upptalk
Viber
WeChat
WhatsApp
Windows Messenger service
Yahoo! Messenger





Clients
(comparison)





Single protocol




Allo
AIM
Baidu Hi
BlackBerry Messenger
CSipSimple
Facebook Messenger
FaceTime
Fetion
Gadu-Gadu
GroupMe
IBM Sametime
ICQ
IMVU
Linphone
Palringo
RetroShare
Ricochet
Ring
Signal
Skype
Telegram
Tencent QQ
Tox
WeChat
WhatsApp
Wire
Wickr
Yahoo! Messenger






Multi-protocol




Adium
Ayttm
BitlBee
Centericq
eBuddy
Empathy
Fire
Gizmo5
Instantbird
Jitsi
Kopete
Messages/iChat
Miranda IM
Nimbuzz
Pidgin
QIP 2010
Skype for Business
Trillian
Telepathy
Upptalk
Xfire






XMPP (Jabber)




Bombus
ChatSecure
Conversations
Facebook Chat
Gajim
Google Talk
Psi
Tkabber
Spark






MSNP




aMSN
emesene
Windows Live Messenger
Windows Messenger
Skype








See also



Backchannel
Buddy profile
Chat log
Chatbot
Contact list
Emoticon
File sharing
Instant message service center
LAN messenger
Mobile instant messaging
Presence information
Shoutbox
SMS language
Status message
Videotelephony
Voice over IP
Webcam
Web chat
Circuit
eXo Platform
FirstClass
Flock
Fuze Box
Glip
Hall.com
Lua
Yammer















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Baidu&oldid=792078152"					
Categories: BaiduCompanies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQInternet search enginesChinese websitesOnline companiesInternet properties established in 2000Science and technology in the People's Republic of ChinaInternet companies of ChinaSoftware companies of ChinaMultinational companies headquartered in China2000 establishments in ChinaNotorious marketsChinese brandsChinese companies established in 2000Hidden categories: CS1 errors: invisible charactersPages with URL errorsArticles with Chinese-language external linksWebarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from July 2013Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from December 2016All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing Chinese-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2016Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011Articles with unsourced statements from April 2013Articles with unsourced statements from July 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡქართულიMagyarമലയാളംNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSlovenčinaSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt文言粵語中文डोटेली 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 09:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 







  BIDU:NASDAQ GS Stock Quote - Baidu Inc - Bloomberg Markets                     



     Error: Could not add to watchlist. X   + Watchlist  Baidu Inc   BIDU:US   NASDAQ GS        198.77USD   5.59   2.89%     As of 3:49 PM EDT 7/24/2017     Open   193.98    Day Range   193.02 - 199.25    Volume   3,444,502    Previous Close   193.18    52Wk Range   156.23 - 199.25    1 Yr Return   23.33%                   


                Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal.
            

                Learn More
            

         Open   193.98    Day Range   193.02 - 199.25    Volume   3,444,502    Previous Close   193.18    52Wk Range   156.23 - 199.25    1 Yr Return   23.33%    YTD Return   20.90%    Current P/E Ratio (TTM)   40.89    Earnings per Share (CNY) (TTM)   32.75    Market Cap (b USD)   68.712    Shares Outstanding  (m)   273.861    Price/Sales (TTM)   6.47    Dividend Indicated Gross Yield   -        Sector Information Technology   % Price Change +0.25%     Industry Software & Services   % Price Change +0.25%                    Related Videos    7/5/2017 Baidu Snags Partners for Driverless Car Project 2:28     4/27/2017 Tech Earnings Roundup: GoPro, Baidu and Lyft 2:30   Company News Press Releases    an hour ago   Nasdaq Touches All-Time High Ahead of Alphabet Earnings, Dow and S&P 500 Decline  - The Street     2 hours ago   Nasdaq Touches All-Time High Ahead of Alphabet Earnings, Dow and S&P 500 Decline  - The Street     3 hours ago   China Internet Giants in Joint $12B Investment  - Investopedia     7/20/2017   Microsoft Stock Reaches 52-Week Highs After Baidu Deal  - Investopedia     7/16/2017   This Is Why China Hasn't Jumped on the Smart Speaker Bandwagon     7/14/2017   Chinese Tech Stocks Have This Advantage Over U.S. Counterparts  - Investopedia     7/5/2017   Baidu Snags Partners for Driverless Car Project     7/5/2017   Baidu Snags 50-Plus Partners for its Apollo Driverless Car     6/22/2017   Chinese Big Five Tech Companies Gain on U.S. Counterparts     6/20/2017   Microsoft, Baidu Pledge to Use AMD's New Server Chips     6/20/2017   Allen AI Joins Microsoft, Baidu to Help Empower Academic Searches     6/8/2017   Baidu's IQiyi in Talks With Google Amid Content Partnership Push     6/6/2017   Billionaire Draper Shuns China Investments Amid Capital Controls     5/1/2017   Baidu Capital Said to Lead Funding for Chinese Truck App     4/27/2017   Baidu Boosts Content Spending as Search Recovers From New Rules     4/27/2017   Tech Earnings Roundup: GoPro, Baidu and Lyft     4/27/2017   Baidu Forecast Sales Below Analysts’ Estimates     4/26/2017   Netflix Lands First China Licensing Deal with Baidu's IQiyi    There are currently no news stories for this ticker. Please check back later.     7/18/2017   Baidu and Microsoft join forces in the intelligent cloud to advance autonomous driving     7/18/2017   Baidu and Microsoft join forces in the intelligent cloud to advance autonomous driving     7/18/2017   Baidu and Microsoft join forces in the intelligent cloud to advance autonomous driving     7/14/2017   Baidu to Report Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on July 27, 2017     7/11/2017   Promethean’s ActivPanel Wins Tech & Learning’s ISTE 2017 Best of Show Awards     7/7/2017   Baidu Releases DuerOS Open Platform, Creating an Intelligent Voice Ecosystem for the Industry     7/5/2017   TomTom and Baidu Join Forces to Develop Unified High Definition Maps for Autonomous Driving     6/28/2017   Baidu Announces Pricing of US$1.5 Billion Notes Offering     6/28/2017   Baidu Research Announces Next Generation Open Source Deep Learning Benchmark Tool     6/27/2017   Drive.ai Raises $50 Million to Accelerate the Self-Driving Reality    There are currently no press releases for this ticker. Please check back later.      Profile   Baidu, Inc. operates an Internet search engine. The Company offers algorithmic search, enterprise search, news, MP3, and image searches, voice assistance, online storage, and navigation services. Baidu serves clients globally.    Address  Baidu Campus, No 10Shangdi 10th Street, HaidianBeijing, 100085China   Phone  86-10-5992-8888   Website   www.baidu.com     Executives Board Members    Li Yanhong "Robin"  Chairman/CEO/Co-Founder    Qi Lu  Vice Chairman/Group Pres/COO    Zhang Ya-Qin  President    Xinzhe Li "Jennifer"  CEO:Baidu Capital    Guang Zhu  Senior Vice President     Show More         



    BIDU Key Statistics - Baidu Inc. ADR Financial Ratios - MarketWatch




































Bulletin

Nasdaq ends at record after small gain; Dow, S&P 500 close lower »
        




Investor Alert







New York Markets After Hours



Market Snapshot
Winners and Losers


















Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close






Expand
Keep Open
Close































Baidu Inc. ADR

                  NASDAQ: BIDU
          



GO



Set Alerts
Find a Broker




Join TD Ameritrade




Market Index


 

Overview
      
Profile
      
News
      
Charts
      
Financials
      
Historical Quotes
      
Analyst Estimates
      
Options
      
SEC Filings
      
Insiders
      


/marketstate/country/us

Baidu Inc. ADR



After Hours
 --Real time quotes
Jul 24, 2017, 4:00 p.m.


BIDU

/quotes/zigman/97715/composite


$
198.65




Change

+0.02
+0.01%

Volume
Volume 13,281
Real time quotes








/quotes/zigman/97715/composite
Today's close

$
			193.18
		


$
				198.63
			
Change

+5.45
+2.82%





Day low
Day high
$193.02
$199.25










52 week low
52 week high

            $156.23
        

            $199.25
        

















			Company Description 


			Baidu, Inc. operates as an internet search provider, which offers internet search solutions and online marketing solutions. It operates as an e-commerce platform with an online payment tool, develops and markets web application software, and provides human resource related services. The company oper...
		


                Baidu, Inc. operates as an internet search provider, which offers internet search solutions and online marketing solutions. It operates as an e-commerce platform with an online payment tool, develops and markets web application software, and provides human resource related services. The company operates through the following segments: Search Services, Transaction Services and iQiyi. The Search Services segment includes the traditional search engine related businesses such as auction-based P4P services and display-based online advertising services. The Transaction Services segment includes the newly developed internet businesses such as services provided by Baidu Nuomi, takeout delivery services and other online-to-offline services. The iQiyi segment engages in the online video business. Baidu was founded by Yanhong Li and Xu Yong on January 18, 2000 and is headquartered in Beijing, China.
            




Valuation

P/E Current
40.36


P/E Ratio (with extraordinary items)
41.40


P/E Ratio (without extraordinary items)
34.26


Price to Sales Ratio
5.39


Price to Book Ratio
4.30


Price to Cash Flow Ratio
16.92


Enterprise Value to EBITDA
17.12


Enterprise Value to Sales
4.45


Total Debt to Enterprise Value
0.14

Efficiency

Revenue/Employee
230,957.00


Income Per Employee
36,254.00


Receivables Turnover
10.89


Total Asset Turnover
0.43

Liquidity

Current Ratio
2.16


Quick Ratio
2.16


Cash Ratio
1.96



Profitability

Gross Margin
49.46


Operating Margin
14.24


Pretax Margin
22.02


Net Margin
15.70


Return on Assets
6.80


Return on Equity
12.31


Return on Total Capital
8.34


Return on Invested Capital
8.94

Capital Structure

Total Debt to Total Equity
55.30


Total Debt to Total Capital
34.29


Total Debt to Total Assets
28.04


Long-Term Debt to Equity
37.36


Long-Term Debt to Total Capital
23.17





      Officers and Executives
    



Name
Age
Officer Since
Title





Mr. Yan Hong  Li 
47
2000
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer



Dr. Qi  Lu 
55
2017
Vice Chairman, President & Chief Operating Officer



Ms. Xinzhe  Li 
48
2008
Chief Financial Officer



Mr. Lee  Liu 
-
2011
Vice President-Human Resources & Administration



Mr. Tony  Yip 
-
2015
Vice President & Head-Investments





Insider Actions


 – Purchase

 – Sale
1
 – Number of Transactions











{"OrganizationDocuments":[{"Documents":[{"document":[{"reportDateGroup":[{"reportDate":"2011-06-09","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"3","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-16","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-13","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-12","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-11","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-05-02","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-03-10","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"5","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-17","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"4","tradeType":"D"},{"numTransactions":"2","tradeType":"A"}]},{"reportDate":"2011-02-15","tradeTypeGroup":[{"numTransactions":"8","tradeType":"A"},{"numTransactions":"1","tradeType":"D"}]}]}]}]}]}



/news/latest/company/us/bidu

      MarketWatch News on BIDU
    




 Managers of $2.3 billion global fund turn away from the U.S.
8:54 a.m. July 17, 2017
 - Philip van Doorn




 Intel officially joins fight with Nvidia and AMD, but results could be a long time coming
10:51 a.m. July 15, 2017
 - Therese Poletti




 6 ETFs to let you profit from the next tech revolution
2:44 p.m. July 14, 2017
 - Jeff Reeves




 Nvidia, Baidu shares rally after AI technology partnership announced
8:13 a.m. July 5, 2017
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Nvidia, Baidu partner in AI-based offerings, including self-driving vehicles and home assistants
8:02 a.m. July 5, 2017
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Alphabet’s Waymo is winning the race for self-driving cars — and Apple is far behind
7:10 p.m. July 3, 2017
 - Jeff Reeves




 Why artificial intelligence is ‘the new electricity’
4:58 a.m. June 27, 2017
 - Jason Dean




 The biggest emerging-market ETF doesn’t hold some of the biggest EM stocks
8:14 a.m. May 31, 2017
 - Ryan Vlastelica




 Chinese ADRs edge higher as China downgrade shrugged off
8:01 a.m. May 24, 2017
 - Tomi Kilgore




 Stock market closes higher, but books weekly loss amid White House drama
4:55 p.m. May 19, 2017
 - Wallace Witkowski




 Alibaba misses on profit as revenue beats
11:09 a.m. May 18, 2017
 - MarketWatch.com




 Nvidia surges as AI drives deeper into the cloud
3:53 p.m. May 10, 2017
 - Jeremy C. Owens




 Baidu CFO to head investment firm Baidu Capital
2:30 a.m. April 28, 2017
 - MarketWatch.com




 Baidu's finance chief to lead Baidu Capital
5:40 p.m. April 27, 2017
 - MarketWatch.com




 Netflix finds a way into China, but it’s not quite what it really wants
7:37 a.m. April 27, 2017
 - Trey Williams




 Nasdaq closes above 6,000 as stock market extends rally on upbeat earnings
4:28 p.m. April 25, 2017
 - Sue Chang




 Netflix has found its way into China through licensing deal with Baidu unit
8:00 a.m. April 25, 2017
 - Liza Lin




 Baidu to open source its self-driving technology
7:06 a.m. April 19, 2017
 - Liza Lin




 Baidu started at buy with $190 stock price target at Benchmark
8:43 a.m. April 18, 2017
 - Tomi Kilgore




 These stocks let you bet on artificial intelligence and welcome our robot overlords
9:27 a.m. April 5, 2017
 - Victor Reklaitis


Loading more headlines...







/news/nonmarketwatch/company/us/bidu

      Other News on BIDU
    





China Internet Giants in Joint $12B Investment

12:37 p.m.  Today12:37 p.m. July 24, 2017
 - Investopedia.com





Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Is an Innovation Machine

12:16 p.m.  Today12:16 p.m. July 24, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





Alibaba: My Valuation Of The Stock

6:15 a.m.  Today6:15 a.m. July 24, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Hermes Investment Management Ltd Buys Alibaba Group Holding, The Travelers Inc, TJX Inc, Sells ...

3:38 p.m. July 21, 2017
 - GuruFocus.com





Emerging Markets, Tech And Momentum Plays Among Top Gainers

2:43 p.m. July 21, 2017
 - Investors Business Daily





A Thoughtful Investment With Help From Baidu Brain

12:16 p.m. July 21, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





3 Big Stock Charts for Friday: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Baidu Inc (ADR) (BIDU) and Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (ADR) (BUD)

12:07 p.m. July 21, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





How Tesla And China Spurred A Revolution In Auto Engineering

11:50 a.m. July 21, 2017
 - Investors Business Daily





Why Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Stock Could Gain 16%

11:23 a.m. July 21, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





Azure, Office 365 Help Microsoft (MSFT) to Top Q4 Earnings

11:03 a.m. July 21, 2017
 - Zacks.com





Has Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Overshot Itself?

9:35 a.m. July 21, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





Baidu, JD.com help invest $12B in struggling Chinese telecom

7:27 a.m. July 21, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





 Could Xilinx Benefit from the Technology Industry’s Shift to IoT? 

12:34 p.m. July 20, 2017
 - MarketRealist.com





 Xilinx versus Intel—A Competition of Scale and Technology 

12:34 p.m. July 20, 2017
 - MarketRealist.com





 Xilinx’s Revenue Drivers in Communications and Data Center 

12:34 p.m. July 20, 2017
 - MarketRealist.com





Here's Why The Best Is Yet to Come for Baidu, Inc.

11:42 a.m. July 20, 2017
 - Motley Fool





Microsoft Stock Reaches 52-Week Highs After Baidu Deal

8:41 a.m. July 20, 2017
 - Investopedia.com





Baidu - Autonomous Driving As A Free Option

7:49 a.m. July 20, 2017
 - Seeking Alpha





Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) and Baidu Inc (BIDU): Chinese Internet Stocks On Fire

6:30 a.m. July 20, 2017
 - InvestorPlace.com





Chinese Internet Stocks On Fire

6:10 p.m. July 19, 2017
 - Zacks.com


Loading more headlines...












At a Glance

Baidu, Inc.
Baidu Campus
No. 10 Shangdi, 10th Street
Haidian District
Beijing, Beijing 100085




Phone
86 1059928888


Industry
Internet/Online


Sector
Technology


Fiscal Year-end
12/2017


View SEC Filings




Revenue
$10.60B


Net Income
$1.66B


2016 Sales Growth 
0.4%


Employees

        45,887


Annual Report for BIDU











/news/pressrelease/company/us/bidu

      Press Releases on BIDU
    




 Baidu and Microsoft join forces in the intelligent cloud to advance autonomous driving
10:00 a.m. July 18, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Baidu to Report Second Quarter 2017 Financial Results on July 27, 2017
8:00 a.m. July 14, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Pre-Market Technical Recap on Internet Stocks -- Twitter, Yelp, Meet Group, and Baidu
6:05 a.m. July 12, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Promethean's ActivPanel Wins Tech & Learning's ISTE 2017 Best of Show Awards
8:01 a.m. July 11, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Baidu Releases DuerOS Open Platform, Creating an Intelligent Voice Ecosystem for the Industry
9:00 a.m. July 7, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Baidu Forms Major Alliance to Accelerate the Adoption of Autonomous Driving
11:30 p.m. July 4, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Baidu Announces Pricing of US$1.5 Billion Notes Offering
4:52 p.m. June 28, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Baidu Research Announces Next Generation Open Source Deep Learning Benchmark Tool
9:00 a.m. June 28, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Baidu Announces Inaugural AI Developer Conference "Baidu Create"
5:00 a.m. June 27, 2017
 - GlobeNewswire




 Baidu Announces Filing of Automatic Shelf Registration Statement and Proposed Debt Offering
5:31 p.m. June 26, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Baidu’s HAHAmoji App Uses AI Technology to Turn Your Selfies into 
      Emojis
10:00 a.m. June 20, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Today's Research Reports on Stocks to Watch: Baidu and Alibaba Group
8:08 a.m. June 9, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Blog Coverage Continental and Baidu Sign a Strategic Collaboration to Further Develop Intelligent Mobility
8:18 a.m. June 2, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 Baidu and Continental Sign Agreement to Collaborate on Automated Driving
7:02 p.m. June 1, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Baidu and Bosch Sign Strategic Cooperation Agreement to Deepen Cooperation in Automated Driving
7:01 p.m. June 1, 2017
 - Marketwired




 Baidu’s Facemoji Keyboard Goes Parisian, Adds 3,000+ French Words to 
      its Emoji Dictionary
3:00 a.m. May 25, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX




 Internet Information Providers Stocks Under Review -- Twitter, Baidu, Fang, and Yelp
6:25 a.m. May 24, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Baidu Announces First Quarter 2017 Results
4:30 p.m. April 27, 2017
 - PR Newswire - PRF




 Investor Network: Baidu, Inc. Sponsored ADR Class A to Host Earnings Call
2:55 p.m. April 27, 2017
 - ACCESSWIRE




 ClassFlow Awarded BESSIES 2017 Best Lesson Plan Delivery Website
9:07 a.m. April 27, 2017
 - BusinessWire - BZX


Loading more headlines...









Trending Tickers


/quotes/zigman/17636479/composite VUZI+15.60%


/quotes/zigman/237947/composite JCP-5.83%


/quotes/zigman/59392505/composite NUGT-2.93%


/quotes/zigman/59386294/composite JNUG-5.94%


/quotes/zigman/65801738/composite TLT+1.11%


X




Powered by














Log In




4:05 PM EDT
July 24, 2017


/marketstate/country/us
New York

	After


/marketstate/country/uk
London

	Closed


/marketstate/country/jp
Tokyo

	Closed





/marketstate/country/us
 


/marketstate/country/uk
 


/marketstate/country/jp
 











View All



Latest News

/news/latest
4:05pAlphabet Q2 EPS $5.01 vs. $7.00; FactSet consensus $4.44
4:04pTrump administration stymies push for improved climate-risk disclosure among companies
4:04pAlphabet earnings likely to focus on YouTube after big fine: Live blog
4:03pCal-Maine says egg production has recovered from avian flu, but demand hasn’t
4:02pHere’s what it looks like when the foreclosure ‘pig’ moves through the housing-crisis ‘python’
4:00pBREAKINGS&P 500, Dow industrials close modestly lower
4:00pNasdaq Composite ends at record after small gain
3:59p‘Game of Thrones’: The four biggest takeaways from 'Stormborn’
3:59pAlphabet earnings: A $2.74 billion hit for Google, potential YouTube results for investors
3:56pStock market’s biggest risk is a ‘flash crash’, says ‘Flash Boys’ Katsuyama
3:56pThe biggest financial bloggers reveal their positions on bitcoin and cryptocurrencies
3:52pOil ends higher as Saudis pledge export cut, Nigerians agree to output cap
3:51pTrump: there's been enough talk about Obamacare, now is time to replace
3:46pBREAKINGMorgan Stanley just surpassed Goldman in market value for the first time in 10 years
3:45pBREAKINGNasdaq gains 28 points, or 0.5%, to 6,416
3:45pHibbett Sports shares plummet 30% after profit warning, ‘woefully late’ e-commerce launch
3:45pBREAKINGDow falls 28 points, or 0.1%, to 21,551
3:44pBREAKINGS&P 500 rises 0.4 point to 2,472
3:44pBREAKINGS&P 500 flirts with positive territory ahead of closing bell 
3:39pMoney lessons from Bobby Bonilla’s steal of a multimillion-dollar deal
Loading more headlines...




dow

/quotes/zigman/627449/realtime
21,523.37

-56.70
-0.26%





nasdaq

/quotes/zigman/12633936/realtime
6,410.81

+23.05
+0.36%





s&p 500

/quotes/zigman/3870025/realtime
2,470.06

-2.48
-0.10%













Kiosk


1352872800000
1352872800000


The RetireMentors






				Retirement advice from our industry experts
				Our team of financial professionals can help you plan and save 
					for retirement, then 
				live well in it.



/conga/kiosk/retirementors.html
361307




1320411600000
1320616500000


Alerts



/conga/kiosk/alerts.html
310238




1333717800000
1333964100000


Virtual Stock Exchange





Our free stock-market game
				• Trade your virtual portfolio in real time
				• Talk strategies in group discussions
				• Find or create a game that suits you
				• Use our learning center to improve 



/conga/kiosk/games.html
310284




1245657600000
1277280000000


Location Scouts




Housing-market insights from our realty pros
																																																							Plus the latest data from Realtor.com on 21 home markets across the U.S.
• See our complete Real Estate site


/conga/kiosk/real_estate.html
357012




1404799200000
1404799200000


Lazy Portfolios





				Set it and forget it
				Check out the returns on our 8 Lazy Portfolios that are made up 
				of low-cost 
				buy-and-hold index funds.

				• How to create your own Lazy Portfolio


/conga/kiosk/lazy_portfolio.html
313134














MarketWatch.com




Site Index
Topics
Help
Feedback
Newsroom Roster

                    Media Archive
Premium Products
Mobile


Company Info
Code of Conduct
Corrections
Advertising Media Kit
Advertise Locally
Reprints & Licensing
Broker Center

                    Your Ad Choices


Follow MarketWatch


































RSS
Podcasts






WSJ.com
Barron's Online
BigCharts
Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News London
WSJ.com Small Business
realtor.com
Mansion Global












		Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc.  All rights reserved.
		By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service,
        Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
	



            Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements.
        






MarketWatch Top Stories
Link to MarketWatch's Slice.

15




































































































































            
    Baidu is Using AI to Improve Its Products -- and Its Products to Improve Its AI -- The Motley Fool

        








 












Skip to main content



The Motley Fool


Fool.com


Fool.co.uk


Fool.com.au


Fool.ca


Fool.sg


Fool.de





                Helping the world invest better since 1993.
            




Hi, Fool!




                    Premium Advice






                    Help

 Fool Answers
 Contact Us




Login





























Search

	    Search:
	







































Baidu is Using AI to Improve Its Products -- and Its Products to Improve Its AI
One of the most underappreciated aspects of Baidu's place in artificial intelligence is its virtuous and self-sustaining cycle.











                Danny Vena
            

                (TMFLifeIsGood)



            
            May 9, 2017 at 1:00PM
            
            





Baidu, Inc. (NASDAQ:BIDU) is the largest online search engine in China, and since its entry into the realm of artificial intelligence (AI), the company has been integrating its AI know-how into nearly every facet of its business. What investors may not know is that this process produces a virtuous cycle that continues to feed itself.
In the case of Baidu, it has been engaged in an area of AI known as deep learning. Algorithms and software models are used to develop artificial neural networks that mimic the human brain's ability to learn. Vast amounts of data are required to train the system, and Baidu's online search engine provides a vast depository of information on which to draw. Once trained, these AI systems are then used to process data at much faster rates than their human counterparts can and are skilled at detecting patterns. One key aspect of deep learning is that these systems become more useful the more they are used.

Baidu is in a virtuous cycle with its AI. Image source: Baidu.

Integrating AI to improve its business
The ability to detect patterns can be used in a wide array of areas, and these systems are particularly skilled at tasks such as image recognition, making more precise online search recommendations, and more accurately predicting traffic conditions for users of its Maps service.
The company has also applied its AI acumen to better estimating delivery times for its Baidu Delivery service and making customized restaurant suggestions for its recommendation platform, Nuomi. It uses AI to recommend content to its millions of users of its iQiyi video streaming service and provide more relevant content for its news feed.
Virtuous cycle
The process of improving products with AI is a two-way street. When it makes recommendations, the AI system receives feedback from these diners and drivers and streamers, which allows the system to make more reliable recommendations in the future. The system improves with each interaction.
Baidu is using its AI system to develop self-driving car technology in China. It recently announced the acquisition of xPerception, a start-up in the field of computer vision. The company focuses on object recognition and depth perception that can be used in the area of autonomous vehicles and can also be used for drones.  
This virtuous cycle is the secret sauce of Baidu's AI system. By using AI, it improves its products and recommendations. By integrating the feedback into the AI system, it improves the relevance of future recommendations. This holds true across the plethora of ways that Baidu is using its AI.

Deep learning is at the heart of Baidu AI systems. Image source: Baidu.http://idl.baidu.com/






Open-source autonomous driving
Baidu also announced that it would open-source its platform for autonomous driving, in a move that was said to be inspired by Google's open sourcing of its Android platform.  The Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) division came to dominate the smartphone market with its Android operating system, by making it available to all comers, thereby maintaining its supremacy in mobile search.
This is a smart move, as the cumulative data that's acquired from self-driving cars will make the systems safer, and Baidu hopes to become the de facto leader of such data in its native China.
Investor takeaway
Baidu's strategy regarding AI has yet to bear fruit. While the company had been investing large sums to bolster its AI capability, and it has been seeing incremental improvements in a variety of areas, it has yet to produce any significant increase in revenue.
In the most recent quarter, the company marked its third consecutive quarter of declining revenue, though Baidu hopes to return to growth later this year. The revenue from the company's most recent quarter increased 6.8% over the previous year quarter to $2.45 billion, and earnings of $258 million were down by 10.6% year-over-year.
The area of artificial intelligence offers exciting possibilities, but investors would more likely be excited by a return to growth in revenue and earnings. 


Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Danny Vena owns shares of Alphabet (A shares) and Baidu. Danny Vena has the following options: long January 2018 $640 calls on Alphabet (C shares) and short January 2018 $650 calls on Alphabet (C shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), and Baidu. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.




















Author








                            Danny Vena
                        

                            (TMFLifeIsGood)
                        

Daniel W. Vena, CPA, CGMA  is long-term investor searching for intangibles that provide explosive growth opportunities in his investments. He served on active duty with the US Army and has a Bachelors degree in accounting.  

Follow @dannyvena








Article Info




                    
                    May 9, 2017 at 1:00PM
                    
                


                    Technology and Telecom
                












Stocks








Alphabet (A shares)



                                        NASDAQ:GOOGL





                                    $1,004.31
                                

up



                                    $10.47
                                

                                    (1.05%)
                                










Baidu



                                        NASDAQ:BIDU





                                    $198.50
                                

up



                                    $5.32
                                

                                    (2.75%)
                                










Alphabet (C shares)



                                        NASDAQ:GOOG





                                    $984.43
                                

up



                                    $11.52
                                

                                    (1.18%)
                                








Read More



Forget FANG, Buy BAT: Baidu, Alibaba, and Tencent


2 Emerging Market Stocks to Buy Now


Baidu and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Month


3 Stocks That Are Ridiculously Cheap Right Now


Should You Worry About Baidu's Fintech Move?



































Prev


1

2


3


4



Next






Compare Brokers












































Motley Fool push notifications are finally here
Allow push notifications to help you stay on top of...

Breaking investing news
Earnings coverage
Market movers
Special offers and more

Subscribe to notifications
You can unsubscribe at any time.





 



 

Current












Baidu is Using AI to Improve Its Products -- and Its Products to Improve Its AI @themotleyfool #stocks $GOOGL, $BIDU, $GOOG





















































百度一下，你就知道















输入法手写拼音关闭百度首页设置登录新闻hao123地图视频贴吧学术登录设置更多产品

网页新闻贴吧知道音乐图片视频地图文库更多»






手机百度





把百度设为主页关于百度About  Baidu百度推广©2017 Baidu 使用百度前必读 意见反馈 京ICP证030173号  京公网安备11000002000001号 


















Baidu - Wikipedia






















 






Baidu

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Beidu, Beidou, or Baidul.

Baidu, Inc.





Type of site

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: BIDU
NASDAQ-100 Component


Founded
January 1, 2000; 17 years ago (2000-01-01)


Headquarters
Beijing, China


Area served
Worldwide


Key people
Robin Li (Chairman, CEO) [1]


Industry
Internet


Revenue

 CNY 70.549 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [2]




Operating income

 CNY 10.049 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [2]




Total assets

 CNY 181.997 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [3]




Total equity

 CNY 92.250 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [3]




Employees

(Mar 31, 2016) [4]
43,500


Website
www.baidu.com


Alexa rank
 4 (Global, December 2016[update])[5]







Baidu



Baidu headquarters, Haidian District, Beijing



Chinese
百度





Transcriptions


Standard Mandarin


Hanyu Pinyin
Bǎidù


Gwoyeu Romatzyh
Baeduh


Wade–Giles
Paitu


IPA
[pài.tû]


Wu


Romanization
Bah tu


Yue: Cantonese


Yale Romanization
Baakdoh


IPA
[pāːk.tòu̯]


Jyutping
Baak3 dou6


Southern Min


Hokkien POJ
Pah-to͘








Baidu, Inc. (Chinese: 百度; pinyin: Bǎidù, anglicized /ˈbaɪduː/ "BY-doo"), incorporated on 18 January 2000, is a Chinese web services company headquartered at the Baidu Campus in Beijing's Haidian District.[6] It is one of the largest Internet companies in the world.
Baidu offers many services, including a Chinese search engine for websites, audio files and images. Baidu offers 57 search and community services including Baidu Baike (an online, collaboratively built encyclopedia) and a searchable, keyword-based discussion forum.[7] Baidu was established in 2000 by Robin Li and Eric Xu. Both of the co-founders are Chinese nationals who studied and worked overseas before returning to China. In December 2016[update], Baidu ranked 4th overall in the Alexa Internet rankings.[8]
During Q4 of 2010, it is estimated that there were 4.02 billion search queries in China of which Baidu had a market share of 56.6%. China's Internet-search revenue share in second quarter 2011 by Baidu is 76%.[9] In December 2007, Baidu became the first Chinese company to be included in the NASDAQ-100 index.[10]
As of 2006, Baidu provided an index of over 740 million web pages, 80 million images, and 10 million multimedia files.[11] Baidu offers multimedia content including MP3 music, and movies, and is the first in China to offer Wireless Application Protocol (WAP) and personal digital assistant (PDA)-based mobile search.
Baidu Baike is similar to Wikipedia as an online encyclopedia; however, unlike Wikipedia, only registered users can edit the articles due to Chinese laws. While access to Wikipedia has been intermittently blocked or certain articles filtered in China since June 2004, there is some controversy about the degree to which Baidu cooperates with Chinese government censorship.[12]
The company also hosts a music service, called Baidu Music, that has more than 150 million monthly active users. On 4 December 2015, Baidu announced plans to merge with Taihe Entertainment Group to help the service compete with Apple Inc.'s Apple Music, which Apple plans to make available in China.[13]



Contents


1 Name
2 History

2.1 Early development
2.2 Domain name redirection
2.3 Baidu workers arrested
2.4 91 Wireless acquisition
2.5 2010s announcements


3 Services
4 Advertisements

4.1 Pay for placement (P4P)
4.2 ProTheme
4.3 Baidu TV


5 Baidu Union
6 Competition
7 Research and patents
8 Censorship
9 Controversies

9.1 Death of Wei Zexi
9.2 Commercialization of Tieba


10 See also
11 References
12 Further reading
13 External links



Name[edit]
The name Baidu (百度) literally means "a hundred times", or alternatively, "countless times". It is a quote from the last line of Xin Qiji (辛弃疾)'s classical poem "Green Jade Table in The Lantern Festival" (青玉案·元夕) saying: "Having searched thousands of times in the crowd, suddenly turning back, She is there in the dimmest candlelight." (众里寻他千百度，蓦然回首，那人却在灯火阑珊处。)[14]
History[edit]
Early development[edit]
In 1994, Robin Li (Li Yanhong, 李彦宏) joined IDD Information Services, a New Jersey division of Dow Jones and Company, where he helped develop software for the online edition of the Wall Street Journal.[15] He also worked on developing better algorithms for search engines and remained at IDD Information Services from May 1994 to June 1997.
In 1996, while at IDD, Li developed the RankDex site-scoring algorithm for search engines results page ranking[16][17][18] and received a US patent for the technology.[19] He later used this technology for the Baidu search engine.
In 2000, the company Baidu launched in Beijing, China. The first office was located in a hotel room, which was near Peking University from where Robin graduated.
In 2003, Baidu launched a news search engine and picture search engine, adopting a special identification technology capable of identifying and grouping the articles.[20]
Domain name redirection[edit]
On January 12, 2010, Baidu.com's DNS records in the United States were altered such that browsers to baidu.com were redirected to a website purporting to be the Iranian Cyber Army, thought to be behind the attack on Twitter during the 2009 Iranian election protests, making the proper site unusable for four hours.[21] Internet users were met with a page saying "This site has been attacked by Iranian Cyber Army".[22] Chinese hackers later responded by attacking Iranian websites and leaving messages.[23] Baidu later launched legal action against Register.com for gross negligence after it was revealed that Register.com's technical support staff changed the email address for Baidu.com on the request of an unnamed individual, despite failing security verification procedures. Once the address had been changed, the individual was able to use the forgotten password feature to have Baidu's domain passwords sent directly to them, allowing them to accomplish the domain hijacking.[24][25]
Baidu workers arrested[edit]
On August 6, 2012, the BBC reported that three employees of Baidu were arrested on suspicion that they accepted bribes. The bribes were allegedly paid for deleting posts from the forum service. Four people were fired in connection with these arrests.[26]
91 Wireless acquisition[edit]
On July 16, 2013, Baidu announced its intention to purchase 91 Wireless from NetDragon. 91 Wireless is best known for its app store, but it has been reported that the app store faces piracy and other legal issues.[27] On August 14, 2013, Baidu announced that its wholly owned subsidiary Baidu (Hong Kong) Limited has signed a definitive merger agreement to acquire 91 Wireless Web-soft Limited from NetDragon Web-soft Inc.[28] for $1.85 billion in what was reported to be the biggest deal ever in China's IT sector.[29]
2010s announcements[edit]
On July 31, 2012, Baidu announced they would team up with Sina to provide mobile search results.[30]
On November 18, 2012, Baidu announced that they would be partnering with Qualcomm to offer free cloud storage to Android users with Snapdragon processors.[31]
On August 2, 2013, Baidu launched its Personal Assistant app, designed to help CEOs, managers and the white-collar workers manage their business relationships.[32]
On May 16, 2014, Baidu appointed Dr. Andrew Ng as chief scientist. Dr. Ng will lead Baidu Research in Silicon Valley and Beijing.[33]
On July 18, 2014, the company launched a Brazilian version of the search engine, Baidu Busca.[34]
On October 9, 2014, Baidu announced acquisition of Brazilian local e-commerce site Peixe Urbano.[35]
In April 2017, Baidu announced to launch Apollo project, its self-driving vehicle platform in a bid to help drive the development of autonomous cars including vehicle platform, hardware platform, software platform and cloud data services.[36] Baidu plans to launch this project in July this year, before gradually introducing fully autonomous driving capabilities on highways and open city roads by 2020.[37]
In June 2017, Baidu partnered with Continental and Bosch, auto industry suppliers, on automated driving and connected cars.[38]
Services[edit]
Baidu offers several services[39] to locate information, products and services using Chinese-language search terms, such as, search by Chinese phonetics, advanced search, snapshots, spell checker, stock quotes, news, knows, postbar, images, video and space information, and weather, train and flight schedules and other local information. The user-agent string of Baidu search engine is Baiduspider.[40][41] Also, a Baidu application for Apple's iOS is available.[42]

Baidu Map (百度地图) is a desktop and mobile mapping solution similar to Google Maps, but covering only the Greater China region
Baidu Netdisk (百度网盘), formerly Baidu Cloud (百度云) is a cloud storage service that offers 2 TB of free data storage.[43]
Baidu started its Japanese language search service, run by Baidu Japan, the company's first regular service outside of China.[44] It includes a search bar for web pages and image searches, user help and advanced services.[45] The Japanese search engine closed on March 16, 2015.[46]
Baidu Post Bar (百度贴吧)provides users with a query-based searchable community to exchange views and share knowledge and experiences. It is an online community bound tightly with Baidu's search service.
Baidu News provides links to a selection of local, national and international news, and presents news stories in a searchable format, within minutes of their publication on the Web. Baidu News uses an automated process to display links to related headlines, which enables people to see many different viewpoints on the same story. Chinese government and Chinese industry sources stated that Baidu received a license from Beijing, which allows the search engine to become a full-fledged news website. Thus Baidu is able to provide its own reports, besides showing certain results as a search engine. Baidu is the first Chinese search engine to receive such a license.[47]
Baidu Knows (百度知道) provides users with a query-based searchable community to share knowledge and experience. Through Baidu Knows, registered members of Baidu Knows can post specific questions for other members to respond and also answer questions of other members.
Baidu MP3 Search provides algorithm-generated links to songs and other multimedia files provided by Internet content providers. Baidu started with a popular music search feature called "MP3 Search" and its comprehensive lists of popular Chinese music, Baidu 500, based on download numbers. Baidu locates file formats such as MP3, WMA and SWF. The multimedia search feature is mainly used in searches for Chinese pop music. While such works are copyrighted under Chinese law, Baidu claims on its legal disclaimer that linking to these files does not break Chinese law. This has led other local search engines to follow the practice, including Google China(Hong Kong), which uses an intermediate company called Top100 to offer a similar MP3 Search service.
Baidu Image Search enables users to search millions of images on the Internet. Baidu Image Search offers features such as search by image size and by image file type. Image listings are organized by various categories, which are updated automatically through algorithms.
Baidu Video Search enables users to search for and access through hyperlinks of online video clips that are hosted on third parties’ Websites.
Baidu Space the social networking service of Baidu, allows registered users to create personalized homepages in a query-based searchable community.[48] Registered users can post their Web logs, or blogs, photo album and certain personal information on their homepages and establish their own communities of friends who are also registered users. By July 2009, it had reached 100 million registered users
Baidu Baike, is China's largest online encyclopedia by users and page views/web traffic; second largest encyclopedia by article count (after Hudong).

China Digital Village Encyclopedia (中国数字乡村大百科全书), in June 2009, Baidu announced it would compile the largest digital rural encyclopedia in China, according to China Securities Journal. It is expected to include 500,000 administrative villages in China, covering 80% of the total 600,000 villages in China. Baidu is creating the content of this encyclopedia largely from participants of its "rural information competition" (乡村信息化大赛),[49] on which it has spent roughly five million yuan on incentives. Baidu sees China's rural areas as great potential for electronic business (e-business), evidenced by the fact that revenue grew the fastest from agriculture, forestry, animals, and fishery in the company's keyword promotion project, a crucial source of Baidu's total revenue. In addition to Baidu Encyclopedia, the company scales up keyword promotion and takes advantage of other products, such as Baidu Zhidao and Baidu Youa, to provide consultation, brand ad exhibitions and online network marketing/sales platform support, marketing information for rural tourism and promoting local products.[50]


Baidu Search Ranking provides listings of search terms based on daily search queries entered on Baidu.com. The listings are organized by categories and allow users to locate search terms on topics of interest.
Baidu Web Directory enables users to browse and search through websites that have been organized into categories.
Baidu Government Information Search allows users to search various regulations, rules, notices, and other information announced by People's Republic of China government entities.
Baidu Postal Code Search enables users to search postal codes in hundreds of cities in China.
Educational Website Search allows users to search the Websites of educational institutions. Baidu University Search allows users to search information on or browse through the Websites of specific universities in China
Baidu Legal Search enables users to search a database that contains national and local laws and regulations, cases, legal decisions, and law dictionaries.
Baidu Love is a query-based searchable community where registered users can write and post messages to loved ones.
Baidu Patent Search enables users to search for specific Chinese patents and provides basic patent information in the search results, including the patent's name, application number, filing date, issue date, inventor information and brief description of the patent.
Baidu Games is an online channel that allows users to search or browse through game-related news and content.
Baidu-Hexun Finance, a financial information Website,[51] with partner Hexun.com, a financial information service provider in China with news reporting and securities consulting licenses. Users can search or browse through economic and financial news, information relating to personal wealth management and related market statistics.
Baidu Statistics Search enables users to search statistics that have been published by the Government of the People's Republic of China
Baidu Entertainment is an online channel for entertainment-related news and content. Users can search or browse through news and other information relating to specific stars, movies, television series and music.
Baidu Tongji is Baidu's web analytics platform. It provides users with many reports about visitors to their website, such as a report on the source of visitors to their website, a user demographics report, reports on content viewed on site, and a heat map report.[52]
Baidu Dictionary provides users with lookup and text translation services between Chinese and English.
Baidu Youa, an online shopping/e-commerce platform through which businesses can sell their products and services at Baidu-registered stores.[53]
Baidu Desktop Search, a free, downloadable software, which enables users to search all files saved on their computer without launching a Web browser.
Baidu Sobar, a free, downloadable software, displayed on a browser's tool bar and makes the search function available on every Web page that a user browses.
Baidu Wireless provides various services for mobile phones, including a Chinese-input front end processor (FEP) for various popular operating systems including Android, Symbian S60v5, and Windows Mobile.
Baidu Anti-Virus offers anti-virus software products and computer virus-related news.
Baidu Safety Center, launched in 2008, provides users with free virus scanning, system repair and online security evaluations
Baidu Internet TV (known as Baidu Movies) allows users to search, watch and download free movies, television series, cartoons, and other programs hosted on its servers
Chinese-language voice assistant search services for Chinese speakers visiting Japan was launched in 2008, with partner Japanese personal handy-phone system operator Willcom Inc.
Discovery Networks Asia-Pacific,[54] joint venture with Discovery Communications, focusing on science, technology, space, natural history, engineering, paleontology, archaeology, history, and culture.
Baidu Index (known as Baidu Zhishu) allows users to look up the search volume and trend for certain hot keywords and phrases. It can serve as a Baidu keyword research tool.[55]
Baidu Bookmarks (known as Baidu Soucang) is a social bookmarking service supported by Baidu.com
Baidu Browser is a web browser first released[56] as a beta in July 2011.[57] It has been noted that the user interface looks very similar to Google Chrome/Chromium.[58]
Baidu Yi is a smartphone operating system based on Android OS, announced in September 2011.[59]
Baidu Library is an open online platform for users to share documents. All the documents in Baidu Library are uploaded by the users and Baidu does not edit or change the documents. Users can read and download lecture notes, exercises, sample exams, presentation slides, materials of various subjects, variety of documents templates, etc. However, it is not completely free. In order to download some documents, users should have enough Baidu points to cover the points asked by the uploaders. Users could gain Baidu points by making contribution to Baidu Library and other users, such as uploading documents, categorizing documents, evaluating documents, etc.[60]
Baidu Experience is a product of Baidu primarily focusing on supporting the users with practical problems. In other words, it helps the users to solve the "how to do" problem. It was launched in October 2010. In architecture, Baidu Experience has integrated and reformatted Baidu Encyclopedia and Baike Knows. The first difference between Baidu Experience and Baidu Knows is that the former concentrates on specific "how to do" problems while the later contains a wider range of problems. The second difference is that users could share their experience without being asked on Baidu Experience.[61]
Baidu around You is a searching and sharing platform aiming at supporting the users with making their consumption decisions. There are currently 7 main categories of information on Baidu around You, including food, shopping, recreation, hotels, fitness, beauty and traveling. In addition, Baidu around You provides the users with convenient services and local information, partially coming from the users and searchable by cities.[62]
Qunar (Qunar Cayman Islands Limited), travel-booking service controlled by Baidu. As of 2013, Qunar had 31.4 million active users and raised $167 Million at its initial public offering that year.[63] It is listed at NASDAQ: QUNR[64]
Baidu Duer: Another addition to the family of virtual assistants.[65]
Baidu Zhanzhang: The free suite of webmaster tools offered by Baidu.[66][67]

Advertisements[edit]
Baidu's primary advertising product is called Baidu Tuiguang and is similar to Google Adwords and Adsense. It is a pay per click advertising platform that allows advertisers to have their ads shown in Baidu search results pages and on other websites that are part of Baidu Union.
Baidu sells its advertising products via a network of resellers.[68]
Baidu's web administrative tools are all in Chinese, which makes it tough for non-Chinese speakers to use. Recently, a third-party company began to develop a tool with an English-language interface for Baidu advertising programs.[69][70]
Moreover, the service may only be used by advertisers with a registered business address in China or in several other East Asian countries.[71]
Pay for placement (P4P)[edit]
Baidu focuses on generating revenues primarily from online marketing services. Baidu's pay for placement (P4P) platform enables its customers to reach users who search for information related to their products or services. Customers use automated online tools to create text-based descriptions of their web pages and bid on keywords that trigger the display of their webpage information and link. Baidu's P4P platform features an automated online sign-up process that customers use to activate their accounts at any time. The P4P platform is an online marketplace that introduces Internet search users to customers who bid for priority placement in the search results. Baidu also uses third-party distributors to sell some of its online marketing services to end customers and offers discounts to these distributors in consideration of their services.
Baidu offers certain consultative services, such as keyword suggestions, account management and performance reporting. Baidu suggests synonyms and associated phrases to use as keywords or text in search listings. These suggestions can improve clickthrough rates of the customer's listing and increase the likelihood that a user will enter into a transaction with the customer. Baidu also provides online daily reports of the number of clickthroughs, clicked keywords and the total costs incurred, as well as statistical reports organized by geographic region.[citation needed]
ProTheme[edit]
Baidu offers ProTheme services to some of its Baidu Union members, which enable these members to display on their properties its customers' promotional links that are relevant to the subject and content of such members' properties. Baidu generates revenues from ProTheme services based on the number of clicks on its customers' links and share the revenues with its Baidu Union members in accordance with pre-agreed terms. Baidu's fixed-ranking services allow customers to display query-sensitive text links at a designated location on its search results pages. Its Targetizement services enable customers to reach their targeted Internet users by displaying their advertisements only when their targeted Internet users browse Baidu's certain Web pages.
Baidu TV[edit]
Baidu operates its advertising service, Baidu TV, in partnership with Ads it! Media Corporation, an online advertising agency and technology company. Baidu TV provides advertisers access to the websites of its Baidu Union members, allowing advertisers to choose Websites on which they post their video advertisements with the aid of its advertisement targeting and matching system. It also offers a brand advertising service, Brand-Link. In June 2008, Baidu launched My Marketing Center, a customized platform integrating industry information, market trends and business, and industry news and reports to assist existing customers in their sales and marketing efforts. Other forms of its online advertising services allow customers to display query sensitive and non-query sensitive advertisements on its websites, including graphical advertisements.
Baidu Union[edit]
Baidu Union consists of several third-party websites and software applications.[72] Union members incorporate a Baidu search box or toolbar and match its sponsored links with the content on their properties. Their users can conduct search via the Baidu search box or toolbar and can click the sponsored links located on their properties. Baidu has also launched programs through which it displays the online advertising of its customers on Baidu Union websites, and share the fees generated by these advertisements with the owners of these Baidu Union websites. As of May 2011, there were 230 thousand partner websites that displayed Baidu Union ads on their websites.[73]
Competition[edit]
Baidu[74] competes with 360 Search (www.so.com), Sogou Search (www.sogou.com), Yahoo! China, Microsoft's Bing and MSN Messenger, Sina, Wikipedia, NetEase's Youdao, Tencent's Soso.com and PaiPai, Alibaba's Taobao, TOM Online, and EachNet.
Baidu is the No. 1 search engine in China, controlling 63 percent of China's market share as of January 2010, according to iResearch.[75] The number of Internet users in China had reached 705 million by the end of 2015, according to a report by the internetlivestats.com.[76]
In an August 2010 Wall Street Journal article,[77] Baidu played down its benefit from Google's having moved its China search service to Hong Kong, but Baidu's share of revenue in China's search-advertising market grew six percentage points in the second quarter to 70%, according to Beijing-based research firm Analysys International.
It is also evident that Baidu is attempting to enter the Internet social network market. As of 2011[update], it is discussing the possibility of working with Facebook, which would lead to a Chinese version of the international social network, managed by Baidu.[78] This plan, if executed, would face off Baidu with competition from the three popular Chinese social networks Qzone, Renren[79] and Kaixin001[80] as well as induce rivalry with instant-messaging giant, Tencent QQ.[81]
On February 22, 2012, Hudong submitted a complaint to the State Administration for Industry and Commerce asking for a review of the behavior of Baidu, accusing it of being monopolistic.[82]
On January 9, 2013, Baidu was still number one in the market, with 64.5% of the users, the closest competitor, Qihoo 360, who launched its own search engine in August, has already taken hold of 10.2% users. Following are Google and Sogou.[83]
By August 2014, Baidu's search market share in China has dropped to 56.3%, where Qihoo 360, its closest competitor who has rebranded its search engine as so.com, has increased its market share to 29.0%, according to report from CNZZ.com.[84]
In February 2015, Baidu was alleged to use anticompetitive tactics in Brazil against the Brazilian online security firm PSafe and Qihoo 360 (the largest investor of PSafe).[85][86]
Research and patents[edit]
Baidu has started to invest in deep learning research and is integrating new deep learning technology into some of its apps and products, including Phoenix Nest. Phoenix Nest is Baidu's ad-bidding platform.[87]
In April 2012 Baidu applied for a patent for its "DNA copyright recognition" technology. This technology automatically scans files that are uploaded by Internet users, and recognizes and filters out content that may violate copyright law. This allows Baidu to offer an infringement-free platform.[88][89]
Baidu has applied for a utility patent in the UK, for its proprietary site-wise search technology which is currently available in China.[citation needed]
Censorship[edit]
According to the China Digital Times, Baidu has a long history of being the most proactive and restrictive online censor in the search arena. Documents leaked in April 2009 from an employee in Baidu's internal monitoring and censorship department show a long list of blocked websites and censored topics on Baidu search.[90]
In May 2011, activists sued Baidu in the United States for violating the U.S. constitution by the censorship it conducts in accord with the demand of the Chinese government.[91] A U.S. judge has ruled[92] that the Chinese search engine Baidu has the right to block pro-democracy works from its query results, dismissing a lawsuit that sought to punish the company for Internet censorship.[citation needed]
Controversies[edit]
Baidu's reviews are mixed for in many fields and it is controversial. The examples are promoting and commercialization of Baidu Tieba.
Death of Wei Zexi[edit]
Main article: Death of Wei Zexi
In May 2016, Baidu's P4P search results reportedly caused the death of a student who tried an experimental cancer therapy he found online. The 21-year-old college student was named Wèi Zéxī (魏则西), who studied in Xidian University. Wei was diagnosed with synovial sarcoma, a rare form of cancer. He found the Second Hospital of the Beijing Armed Police Corps (武警北京市总队第二医院) through the search engine Baidu, on which the hospital had been promoting itself. The treatment proved to be unsuccessful.[citation needed]
After Wei's family spent around 200,000 yuan (around 31,150 USD) for treatment in the hospital, Wei Zexi died on April 12, 2016. The incident triggered massive online discussions after Wei's death. The fact that Baidu valued money way more than life kindled nationwide rage.[93] On May 2, 2016, Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC), the top watchdog for China's Internet space, dispatched a team of investigators to Baidu.[94] The case is still ongoing. One report claimed medical advertising makes up for 30% of Baidu's ad revenue, much of which comes from for-profit hospitals that belong to the "Putian Network", a collection of hospitals across the country founded by medical entrepreneurs associated with the Putian region of Fujian province.[95] The investigation led Chinese regulators to impose several restrictions on Baidu, including adding disclaimers to promotional content and establishing channels for complaints about Baidu services.[96]
Commercialization of Tieba[edit]
Baidu sold the hemophilia online community, one of the communities of Tieba, to unqualified hospitals. In January 2016, Baidu announced that it will stop selling all of its illness-related Tieba.[97]
See also[edit]

Software industry in China
China Software Industry Association
Intellectual property in the People's Republic of China
Censorship of the internet in China



China portal
Beijing portal
Companies portal
Internet portal


References[edit]


^ "Baidu - Investors - Management". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ a b "Baidu - Investors - Press Releases". Retrieved April 4, 2017. 
^ a b http://ir.baidu.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=188488&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=2248999
^ "Baidu - Investors - Investor FAQs". Retrieved Feb 14, 2017. 
^ "Baidu.com Site Overview". Alexa Internet. Retrieved December 28, 2016. 
^ "IR Contacts." Baidu. Retrieved on December 27, 2010. "Address: Baidu Campus, No. 10, Shangdi 10th Street, Haidian District, Beijing 100085 People's Republic of China."
^ "Baidu's 57 Products/Services: Introduction and History". China Analyst (CNAnalyst.com). 
^ "Alexa Top 500 Global Sites". Retrieved December 20, 2014. 
^ "The China Perspective, "China Economic Watch"".  }
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C. (December 10, 2007). "Search site moves at the speed of China". Los Angeles Times. 
^ "MSN Money – BIDU". MSN Money. Archived from the original on May 1, 2006. Retrieved 2006-05-11. 
^ Branigan, Tania. "Google to end censorship in China over cyber-attacks". Guardian. Retrieved 3 February 2014. 
^ "Baidu Music to merge with Taihe to take on Apple Music in China". Digital Market Asia. DMA News Desk. December 4, 2015. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ "The Baidu Story". Baidu. 
^ "Robin Li's vision powers Baidu's Internet search dominance", Taipei Times, September 17i, 2006.
^ Greenberg, Andy, "The Man Who's Beating Google", Forbes magazine, October 5, 2009
^ Yanhong Li, "Toward a Qualitative Search Engine," IEEE Internet Computing, vol. 2, no. 4, pp. 24–29, July/Aug. 1998, doi:10.1109/4236.707687
^ "About: RankDex", rankdex.com
^ USPTO, "Hypertext Document Retrieval System and Method", US Patent number: 5920859, Inventor: Yanhong Li, Filing date: Feb 5, 1997, Issue date: Jul 6, 1999
^ "Baidu Launched News Search Engine and Pictures Search Engine". 
^ "Baidu hacked by 'Iranian cyber army'". BBC News. 2010-01-12. Archived from the original on January 13, 2010. Retrieved 2010-01-12. 
^ "China's top search engine Baidu hacked". People's Daily. January 12, 2010. 
^ Branigan, Tania (January 12, 2010). "'Iranian' hackers paralyse Chinese search engine Baidu". The Guardian. London. 
^ Back, Aaron. "Baidu Sues Register.com, Alleges Negligence in Hacking Attack". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu: Registrar 'incredibly' changed our e-mail for hacker," Computer World, February 24, 2010. Accessed December 13, 2010.
^ "BBC News - Baidu workers arrested for 'deleting posts for money'". Bbc.co.uk. 2012-08-06. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Hsu, Alex (16 Jul 2013). "91 Wireless’ App Store Has Piracy and Other Legal Issues". BrightWire News. 
^ Baidu Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire NetDragon's Subsidiary 91 Wireless,Baidu Press Releases, August 14, 2013
^ Paul Carsten (14 August 2013). "Baidu says agrees to buy Netdragon's 91 Wireless for $1.85 billion". Reuters. 
^ "Sina and Baidu team up in China to focus on mobile". bbc.co.uk. July 31, 2012. 
^ "Baidu and Qualcomm partner to offer free cloud storage". Geeks Hut. 2012-11-19. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Baidu Launch Personal Assistant App for Android Phones,CHINA INTERNET WATCH, August 6, 2013
^ "Baidu Opens Silicon Valley Lab, Appoints Andrew Ng as Head of Baidu Research". PRNewswire.com. Retrieved 2017-06-03. 
^ Paul Bischoff (2014-07-18). "China web giant Baidu launches search engine in Brazil". Tech In Asia. Retrieved 2014-08-04. 
^ "China's Baidu buys control of Brazil's Peixe Urbano in expansion push". Reuters. 2014-12-04. 
^ Jon Russell (18 April 2017). "Baidu is making its self-driving car platform freely available to the automotive industry". TechCrunch. Retrieved 19 April 2017. 
^ Sangameswaran S (19 April 2017). "Baidu to launch self-driving car technology in July". REUTERS. Retrieved 19 April 2017. 
^ Darrell Etherington (1 June 2017). [  https://techcrunch.com/2017/06/01/baidu-teams-up-with-bosch-and-continental-on-self-driving-tech "Baidu teams up with Bosch and Continental on self-driving tech"] Check |url= value (help). TechCrunch. Retrieved 1 June 2017.  line feed character in |url= at position 2 (help)
^ "Baidu - Investors - Products". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "关于baiduspider". baidu.com. March 18, 2009. 
^ "Baiduspider User-Agent String". httpuseragent.org. March 17, 2009. 
^ "手机百度-海量新闻、上网最快、团购电影票最优惠的搜索 on the App Store". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Baidu Yun official website. Retrieved 2014-04-23.(in Chinese)
^ "Baidu Japan". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "China's Google in Japan". Infoniac.com. March 23, 2007. 
^ "After 8 years of failing, Baidu shuts Japan search engine". Tech IN Asia. April 17, 2015. 
^ "Google's Lookalike is Expanding in China". Gadget4boys.com. January 23, 2007. 
^ "百度Hi官网". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "xiangcun.baidu.com". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu will compile the rural digital Encyclopedia - BIC". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "百度新闻搜索——全球最大的中文新闻平台". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Lawton, Tait. "A Thorough Guide to Baidu Analytics (Baidu Tongji)". 
^ "Youa.com". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Discovery探索频道中文网". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Baidu keyword research tool.
^ "百度浏览器". Liulanqi.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ China's Baidu Joins Browser Battle, Wall Street Journal, July 20, 2011
^ Baidu's New Browser Looks Strikingly Familiar, China Real Time Report – WSJ, July 19, 2011
^ "Baidu Looks To Leapfrog Google With Cloud-Based Mobile OS (Update)". TechCrunch. September 2, 2011. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ "百度文库_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "百度经验_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. 2011-06-22. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "百度身边_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Fox Hu and Belinda Cao. Published Nov 2, 2013. Baidu's Qunar Rises After $167 Million IPO Exceeds Target. Bloomberg L.P.. Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ Qunar Cayman Islands Ltd Bloomberg L.P.. Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ http://blog.codexify.com/2015/09/bynow-you-all-must-be-familiar-with.html
^ "百度站长平台_让网站更具价值". zhanzhang.baidu.com. Retrieved 2015-09-21. 
^ "Baidu 101: An Overview of Baidu Webmaster Tools". Retrieved 2015-09-21. 
^ Lawton, Tait. "Baidu Pay Per Click: 7 Tips for a Successful Campaign". SearchEngineJournal.com. 
^ "Glogou Launches New Tools To Help Businesses Build Their Online Presence (And Ad Campaigns) In China". TechCrunch. 2012-11-06. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ 作者：清辰 (2012-11-07). "不懂中文没关系 Glogou帮助外企进军中国_互联网_科技时代_新浪网". Tech.sina.com.cn. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "Manage Baidu Ppc Registration". April 27, 2012. 
^ "百度联盟-让合作伙伴更强". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Lin, Susan. "Baidu's Content Network - Baidu Union". NanjingMarketingGroup.com. NanjingMarketingGroup.com. 
^ Statistics on Baidu's Annual Revenue, Baidu. March 2013.
^ Barboza, David (January 13, 2010). "Baidu's Gain from Departure Could Be China's Loss". The New York Times. 
^ "China Internet Users". 
^ Fletcher, Owen (August 3, 2010). "Baidu's CEO Pursues Long-Term Growth". Wall Street Journal. 
^ 传百度与Facebook签合作协议 – Baidu signed a cooperation agreement with Facebook, ThinkingChinese, April 14, 2011
^ "人人网，中国领先的实名制SNS社交网络。加入人人网，找到老同学，结识新朋友。". 
^ "开心网". 
^ Baidu and QQ aren't willing to remain outside the Chinese Social Network market, ThinkingChinese, April 2011
^ Yang, Yang (杨阳 Yáng Yáng). Translated by Guo Wei. "China's "Wikipedia" Submits Complaint about Baidu ." (Archive) The Economic Observer. March 4, 2011. Issue 508, Corporation, Page 28. Retrieved on October 26, 2012. Original article: "百度：我是大哥 我不叫度娘." Febinframe.php Archive])
^ "SEO in China - Top Innovative Agency". January 9, 2013. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Research, China Stock (September 1, 2014). "China Search Engine Market Share - August 2014". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Ruvolo, Julie. "Brazil Becomes A New Front In The Battle Between Baidu And Qihoo". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu's Alleged Anticompetitive Tactics in Brazil". April 14, 2015. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Hsu, Alex (15 July 2013). "Baidu Using Deep-Learning Technology to Boost Phoenix Nest Revenue". BrightWire News. 
^ [1] Archived February 18, 2015, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Baidu Applies for DNA Copyright Recognition Technology Patent". BrightWire. 
^ Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (1), Xiao Qiang, China Digital Times, April 30, 2009
Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (2)
Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (3)
^ Jonathan Stempel, "China, Baidu Sued In U.S. For Internet Censorship", Reuters, May 19, 2011.
^ "Zhang et al v. Baidu.Com Inc. et al". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Commentary: Death of college student raises questions on Baidu's ethics, People's Daily, 2016
^ China Focus: Investigation into Baidu after student death, Xinhua News Agency, 2016
^ Baidu, China's version of Google, is "evil," a growing number of users say, Quartz, 2016
^ China Orders Baidu to Revamp Advertising Results in Online Searches, The Wall Street Journal
^ Baidu to halt commercialization of Tieba health forums, China Daily, 2016


Further reading[edit]

Lee, Melanie (January 19, 2010). "NEWSMAKER-Baidu founder rules China's Web with pragmatism". Reuters.
Udeze, Chuka (March 26, 2012). Baidu Search to be Integrated by Apple on iOS Devices.
Kohout, Martin (October 30, 2014). "Spyware Baidu to Sony Xperia smartphones". FreeBit.cz.

External links[edit]
 Media related to Baidu at Wikimedia Commons

Official website



Business data for Baidu: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Baidu






Baidu Search Engine
Baidu News
Baidu MP3
Baidu Images
Baidu Video
Baidu Tieba
Baidu Zhidao
Baidu Maps
Baidu Space
Baidu Baike
Baidu Hi
Baidu Guoxue
Baidu Toolbar
Baidu Patents
Baidu Youa
Baifubao
Baidu 500
Hao123
Baidu Wenku
Baidu Yi
iQiyi

PPS.tv


Baidu Music










Links to related articles











v
t
e


Major Chinese Web portals






Baidu.com
NetEase [163.com]
Phoenix TV [ifeng.com]
Sina.com
Sohu.com
Tencent [qq.com]
TOM Online [tom.com]
R&C Media Group, Inc












v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx












v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecom
China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Web search engines



Active



AOL
Ahmia
Ask.com
Baidu
Bing
Blackle
Dogpile
DuckDuckGo
Ecosia
Exalead
Excite
GenieKnows
Gigablast
GoodSearch
Google
Info.com
Ixquick
Lycos
Naver
Qwant
Parsijoo
Picollator
SAPO
Scout
Seznam.cz
Sogou
Soso.com
Sputnik
Startpage
WebCrawler
YaCy
Yahoo!
Yandex
Yooz
Youdao





Inactive



A9.com
Aliweb
AlltheWeb
AltaVista
Blekko
Boogami
Cuil
Empas
Forestle
Go.com
Inktomi
JumpStation
LeapFish
Mugurdy
Northern Light
Powerset
Scroogle
SearchMe
Teoma
Viewzi
Vivisimo
Volunia
W3Catalog
Wikiseek
Yebol








Complete list
Comparison












v
t
e


Instant messaging



Protocols
(comparison)





Open




IMPP
IRC
Matrix
MTProto
RetroShare
Signal Protocol
SIP

MSRP
SIMPLE


Tox
XMPP

Jingle
WFP


Zephyr
DDP






Closed




MSNP
OSCAR

TOC


Skype
YMSG








Services



AIM
BAND
BlackBerry Messenger
Discord
Facebook Messenger
Google Allo
Google Hangouts
Google Talk
GroupMe
Hike Messenger
HipChat
ICQ
iGap
iMessage
IRC Networks
KakaoTalk
Kik
Libon
Line
Microsoft Messenger service
Nimbuzz
ooVoo
Palringo
Signal
Skype
Skype Qik
Slack
Snapchat
Tango
Telegram
QQ
Threema
Tox
Upptalk
Viber
WeChat
WhatsApp
Windows Messenger service
Yahoo! Messenger





Clients
(comparison)





Single protocol




Allo
AIM
Baidu Hi
BlackBerry Messenger
CSipSimple
Facebook Messenger
FaceTime
Fetion
Gadu-Gadu
GroupMe
IBM Sametime
ICQ
IMVU
Linphone
Palringo
RetroShare
Ricochet
Ring
Signal
Skype
Telegram
Tencent QQ
Tox
WeChat
WhatsApp
Wire
Wickr
Yahoo! Messenger






Multi-protocol




Adium
Ayttm
BitlBee
Centericq
eBuddy
Empathy
Fire
Gizmo5
Instantbird
Jitsi
Kopete
Messages/iChat
Miranda IM
Nimbuzz
Pidgin
QIP 2010
Skype for Business
Trillian
Telepathy
Upptalk
Xfire






XMPP (Jabber)




Bombus
ChatSecure
Conversations
Facebook Chat
Gajim
Google Talk
Psi
Tkabber
Spark






MSNP




aMSN
emesene
Windows Live Messenger
Windows Messenger
Skype








See also



Backchannel
Buddy profile
Chat log
Chatbot
Contact list
Emoticon
File sharing
Instant message service center
LAN messenger
Mobile instant messaging
Presence information
Shoutbox
SMS language
Status message
Videotelephony
Voice over IP
Webcam
Web chat
Circuit
eXo Platform
FirstClass
Flock
Fuze Box
Glip
Hall.com
Lua
Yammer















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Baidu&oldid=792078152"					
Categories: BaiduCompanies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQInternet search enginesChinese websitesOnline companiesInternet properties established in 2000Science and technology in the People's Republic of ChinaInternet companies of ChinaSoftware companies of ChinaMultinational companies headquartered in China2000 establishments in ChinaNotorious marketsChinese brandsChinese companies established in 2000Hidden categories: CS1 errors: invisible charactersPages with URL errorsArticles with Chinese-language external linksWebarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from July 2013Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from December 2016All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing Chinese-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2016Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011Articles with unsourced statements from April 2013Articles with unsourced statements from July 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡქართულიMagyarമലയാളംNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSlovenčinaSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt文言粵語中文डोटेली 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 09:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 










Creative Commons — Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
— CC BY-SA 3.0 






















Skip to content








 Menu















Help us build a vibrant, collaborative global commons
Donate Now














Creative Commons


Creative Commons License Deed







Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported

(CC BY-SA 3.0)








This is a human-readable summary of (and not a substitute for) the license.


Disclaimer.






You are free to:


Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format


Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material


for any purpose, even commercially.

















The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.




Under the following terms:



Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.




Attribute this work:












ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.








No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.






Notices:



You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable exception or limitation.


No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the material.








Learn more about CC licensing, or use the license for your own material.






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
Make a Donation






This page is available in the following languages:


Castellano
Castellano (España)
Català
Dansk
Deutsch
English
Esperanto
français
Galego
hrvatski
Indonesia
Italiano
Latviski
Lietuvių
Melayu
Nederlands
Norsk
polski
Português
Português (BR)
română
Slovenščina
Suomeksi
svenska
Türkçe
íslenska
česky
Ελληνικά
Беларуская
русский
українська
العربية
پارسی
中文
日本語
華語 (台灣)
한국어






This content is freely available under simple legal terms because of Creative Commons, a non-profit that survives on donations. If you love this content, and love that it's free for everyone, please consider a donation to support our work.
When you share, everyone wins.





Contribute today to Creative Commons




$100



$50



$25



$5































Disclaimer

This deed highlights only some of the key features and terms of the actual license. It is not a license and has no legal value. You should carefully review all of the terms and conditions of the actual license before using the licensed material.
Creative Commons is not a law firm and does not provide legal services. Distributing, displaying, or linking to this deed or the license that it summarizes does not create a lawyer-client or any other relationship.




What does "Attribute this work" mean?


The page you came from contained embedded licensing metadata, including how the creator wishes to be attributed for re-use. You can use the HTML here to cite the work. Doing so will also include metadata on your page so that others can find the original work as well.




The applicable mediation rules will be designated in the copyright notice published with the work, or if none then in the request for mediation. Unless otherwise designated in a copyright notice attached to the work, the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules apply to any arbitration.
More info.




If supplied, you must provide the name of the creator and attribution parties, a copyright notice, a license notice, a disclaimer notice, and a link to the material. CC licenses prior to Version 4.0 also require you to provide the title of the material if supplied, and may have other slight differences.
More info.




In 4.0, you must indicate if you modified the material and retain an indication of previous modifications. In 3.0 and earlier license versions, the indication of changes is only required if you create a derivative.
Marking guide.
More info.




You may also use a license listed as compatible at https://creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses
More info.




A commercial use is one primarily intended for commercial advantage or monetary compensation.
More info.




Merely changing the format never creates a derivative.
More info.




The license prohibits application of effective technological measures, defined with reference to Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty.
More info.




The rights of users under exceptions and limitations, such as fair use and fair dealing, are not affected by the CC licenses.
More info.




You may need to get additional permissions before using the material as you intend.
More info.





































百度一下，你就知道















输入法手写拼音关闭百度首页设置登录新闻hao123地图视频贴吧学术登录设置更多产品

网页新闻贴吧知道音乐图片视频地图文库更多»






手机百度





把百度设为主页关于百度About  Baidu百度推广©2017 Baidu 使用百度前必读 意见反馈 京ICP证030173号  京公网安备11000002000001号 


















Baidu - Wikipedia






















 






Baidu

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Beidu, Beidou, or Baidul.

Baidu, Inc.





Type of site

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: BIDU
NASDAQ-100 Component


Founded
January 1, 2000; 17 years ago (2000-01-01)


Headquarters
Beijing, China


Area served
Worldwide


Key people
Robin Li (Chairman, CEO) [1]


Industry
Internet


Revenue

 CNY 70.549 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [2]




Operating income

 CNY 10.049 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [2]




Total assets

 CNY 181.997 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [3]




Total equity

 CNY 92.250 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [3]




Employees

(Mar 31, 2016) [4]
43,500


Website
www.baidu.com


Alexa rank
 4 (Global, December 2016[update])[5]







Baidu



Baidu headquarters, Haidian District, Beijing



Chinese
百度





Transcriptions


Standard Mandarin


Hanyu Pinyin
Bǎidù


Gwoyeu Romatzyh
Baeduh


Wade–Giles
Paitu


IPA
[pài.tû]


Wu


Romanization
Bah tu


Yue: Cantonese


Yale Romanization
Baakdoh


IPA
[pāːk.tòu̯]


Jyutping
Baak3 dou6


Southern Min


Hokkien POJ
Pah-to͘








Baidu, Inc. (Chinese: 百度; pinyin: Bǎidù, anglicized /ˈbaɪduː/ "BY-doo"), incorporated on 18 January 2000, is a Chinese web services company headquartered at the Baidu Campus in Beijing's Haidian District.[6] It is one of the largest Internet companies in the world.
Baidu offers many services, including a Chinese search engine for websites, audio files and images. Baidu offers 57 search and community services including Baidu Baike (an online, collaboratively built encyclopedia) and a searchable, keyword-based discussion forum.[7] Baidu was established in 2000 by Robin Li and Eric Xu. Both of the co-founders are Chinese nationals who studied and worked overseas before returning to China. In December 2016[update], Baidu ranked 4th overall in the Alexa Internet rankings.[8]
During Q4 of 2010, it is estimated that there were 4.02 billion search queries in China of which Baidu had a market share of 56.6%. China's Internet-search revenue share in second quarter 2011 by Baidu is 76%.[9] In December 2007, Baidu became the first Chinese company to be included in the NASDAQ-100 index.[10]
As of 2006, Baidu provided an index of over 740 million web pages, 80 million images, and 10 million multimedia files.[11] Baidu offers multimedia content including MP3 music, and movies, and is the first in China to offer Wireless Application Protocol (WAP) and personal digital assistant (PDA)-based mobile search.
Baidu Baike is similar to Wikipedia as an online encyclopedia; however, unlike Wikipedia, only registered users can edit the articles due to Chinese laws. While access to Wikipedia has been intermittently blocked or certain articles filtered in China since June 2004, there is some controversy about the degree to which Baidu cooperates with Chinese government censorship.[12]
The company also hosts a music service, called Baidu Music, that has more than 150 million monthly active users. On 4 December 2015, Baidu announced plans to merge with Taihe Entertainment Group to help the service compete with Apple Inc.'s Apple Music, which Apple plans to make available in China.[13]



Contents


1 Name
2 History

2.1 Early development
2.2 Domain name redirection
2.3 Baidu workers arrested
2.4 91 Wireless acquisition
2.5 2010s announcements


3 Services
4 Advertisements

4.1 Pay for placement (P4P)
4.2 ProTheme
4.3 Baidu TV


5 Baidu Union
6 Competition
7 Research and patents
8 Censorship
9 Controversies

9.1 Death of Wei Zexi
9.2 Commercialization of Tieba


10 See also
11 References
12 Further reading
13 External links



Name[edit]
The name Baidu (百度) literally means "a hundred times", or alternatively, "countless times". It is a quote from the last line of Xin Qiji (辛弃疾)'s classical poem "Green Jade Table in The Lantern Festival" (青玉案·元夕) saying: "Having searched thousands of times in the crowd, suddenly turning back, She is there in the dimmest candlelight." (众里寻他千百度，蓦然回首，那人却在灯火阑珊处。)[14]
History[edit]
Early development[edit]
In 1994, Robin Li (Li Yanhong, 李彦宏) joined IDD Information Services, a New Jersey division of Dow Jones and Company, where he helped develop software for the online edition of the Wall Street Journal.[15] He also worked on developing better algorithms for search engines and remained at IDD Information Services from May 1994 to June 1997.
In 1996, while at IDD, Li developed the RankDex site-scoring algorithm for search engines results page ranking[16][17][18] and received a US patent for the technology.[19] He later used this technology for the Baidu search engine.
In 2000, the company Baidu launched in Beijing, China. The first office was located in a hotel room, which was near Peking University from where Robin graduated.
In 2003, Baidu launched a news search engine and picture search engine, adopting a special identification technology capable of identifying and grouping the articles.[20]
Domain name redirection[edit]
On January 12, 2010, Baidu.com's DNS records in the United States were altered such that browsers to baidu.com were redirected to a website purporting to be the Iranian Cyber Army, thought to be behind the attack on Twitter during the 2009 Iranian election protests, making the proper site unusable for four hours.[21] Internet users were met with a page saying "This site has been attacked by Iranian Cyber Army".[22] Chinese hackers later responded by attacking Iranian websites and leaving messages.[23] Baidu later launched legal action against Register.com for gross negligence after it was revealed that Register.com's technical support staff changed the email address for Baidu.com on the request of an unnamed individual, despite failing security verification procedures. Once the address had been changed, the individual was able to use the forgotten password feature to have Baidu's domain passwords sent directly to them, allowing them to accomplish the domain hijacking.[24][25]
Baidu workers arrested[edit]
On August 6, 2012, the BBC reported that three employees of Baidu were arrested on suspicion that they accepted bribes. The bribes were allegedly paid for deleting posts from the forum service. Four people were fired in connection with these arrests.[26]
91 Wireless acquisition[edit]
On July 16, 2013, Baidu announced its intention to purchase 91 Wireless from NetDragon. 91 Wireless is best known for its app store, but it has been reported that the app store faces piracy and other legal issues.[27] On August 14, 2013, Baidu announced that its wholly owned subsidiary Baidu (Hong Kong) Limited has signed a definitive merger agreement to acquire 91 Wireless Web-soft Limited from NetDragon Web-soft Inc.[28] for $1.85 billion in what was reported to be the biggest deal ever in China's IT sector.[29]
2010s announcements[edit]
On July 31, 2012, Baidu announced they would team up with Sina to provide mobile search results.[30]
On November 18, 2012, Baidu announced that they would be partnering with Qualcomm to offer free cloud storage to Android users with Snapdragon processors.[31]
On August 2, 2013, Baidu launched its Personal Assistant app, designed to help CEOs, managers and the white-collar workers manage their business relationships.[32]
On May 16, 2014, Baidu appointed Dr. Andrew Ng as chief scientist. Dr. Ng will lead Baidu Research in Silicon Valley and Beijing.[33]
On July 18, 2014, the company launched a Brazilian version of the search engine, Baidu Busca.[34]
On October 9, 2014, Baidu announced acquisition of Brazilian local e-commerce site Peixe Urbano.[35]
In April 2017, Baidu announced to launch Apollo project, its self-driving vehicle platform in a bid to help drive the development of autonomous cars including vehicle platform, hardware platform, software platform and cloud data services.[36] Baidu plans to launch this project in July this year, before gradually introducing fully autonomous driving capabilities on highways and open city roads by 2020.[37]
In June 2017, Baidu partnered with Continental and Bosch, auto industry suppliers, on automated driving and connected cars.[38]
Services[edit]
Baidu offers several services[39] to locate information, products and services using Chinese-language search terms, such as, search by Chinese phonetics, advanced search, snapshots, spell checker, stock quotes, news, knows, postbar, images, video and space information, and weather, train and flight schedules and other local information. The user-agent string of Baidu search engine is Baiduspider.[40][41] Also, a Baidu application for Apple's iOS is available.[42]

Baidu Map (百度地图) is a desktop and mobile mapping solution similar to Google Maps, but covering only the Greater China region
Baidu Netdisk (百度网盘), formerly Baidu Cloud (百度云) is a cloud storage service that offers 2 TB of free data storage.[43]
Baidu started its Japanese language search service, run by Baidu Japan, the company's first regular service outside of China.[44] It includes a search bar for web pages and image searches, user help and advanced services.[45] The Japanese search engine closed on March 16, 2015.[46]
Baidu Post Bar (百度贴吧)provides users with a query-based searchable community to exchange views and share knowledge and experiences. It is an online community bound tightly with Baidu's search service.
Baidu News provides links to a selection of local, national and international news, and presents news stories in a searchable format, within minutes of their publication on the Web. Baidu News uses an automated process to display links to related headlines, which enables people to see many different viewpoints on the same story. Chinese government and Chinese industry sources stated that Baidu received a license from Beijing, which allows the search engine to become a full-fledged news website. Thus Baidu is able to provide its own reports, besides showing certain results as a search engine. Baidu is the first Chinese search engine to receive such a license.[47]
Baidu Knows (百度知道) provides users with a query-based searchable community to share knowledge and experience. Through Baidu Knows, registered members of Baidu Knows can post specific questions for other members to respond and also answer questions of other members.
Baidu MP3 Search provides algorithm-generated links to songs and other multimedia files provided by Internet content providers. Baidu started with a popular music search feature called "MP3 Search" and its comprehensive lists of popular Chinese music, Baidu 500, based on download numbers. Baidu locates file formats such as MP3, WMA and SWF. The multimedia search feature is mainly used in searches for Chinese pop music. While such works are copyrighted under Chinese law, Baidu claims on its legal disclaimer that linking to these files does not break Chinese law. This has led other local search engines to follow the practice, including Google China(Hong Kong), which uses an intermediate company called Top100 to offer a similar MP3 Search service.
Baidu Image Search enables users to search millions of images on the Internet. Baidu Image Search offers features such as search by image size and by image file type. Image listings are organized by various categories, which are updated automatically through algorithms.
Baidu Video Search enables users to search for and access through hyperlinks of online video clips that are hosted on third parties’ Websites.
Baidu Space the social networking service of Baidu, allows registered users to create personalized homepages in a query-based searchable community.[48] Registered users can post their Web logs, or blogs, photo album and certain personal information on their homepages and establish their own communities of friends who are also registered users. By July 2009, it had reached 100 million registered users
Baidu Baike, is China's largest online encyclopedia by users and page views/web traffic; second largest encyclopedia by article count (after Hudong).

China Digital Village Encyclopedia (中国数字乡村大百科全书), in June 2009, Baidu announced it would compile the largest digital rural encyclopedia in China, according to China Securities Journal. It is expected to include 500,000 administrative villages in China, covering 80% of the total 600,000 villages in China. Baidu is creating the content of this encyclopedia largely from participants of its "rural information competition" (乡村信息化大赛),[49] on which it has spent roughly five million yuan on incentives. Baidu sees China's rural areas as great potential for electronic business (e-business), evidenced by the fact that revenue grew the fastest from agriculture, forestry, animals, and fishery in the company's keyword promotion project, a crucial source of Baidu's total revenue. In addition to Baidu Encyclopedia, the company scales up keyword promotion and takes advantage of other products, such as Baidu Zhidao and Baidu Youa, to provide consultation, brand ad exhibitions and online network marketing/sales platform support, marketing information for rural tourism and promoting local products.[50]


Baidu Search Ranking provides listings of search terms based on daily search queries entered on Baidu.com. The listings are organized by categories and allow users to locate search terms on topics of interest.
Baidu Web Directory enables users to browse and search through websites that have been organized into categories.
Baidu Government Information Search allows users to search various regulations, rules, notices, and other information announced by People's Republic of China government entities.
Baidu Postal Code Search enables users to search postal codes in hundreds of cities in China.
Educational Website Search allows users to search the Websites of educational institutions. Baidu University Search allows users to search information on or browse through the Websites of specific universities in China
Baidu Legal Search enables users to search a database that contains national and local laws and regulations, cases, legal decisions, and law dictionaries.
Baidu Love is a query-based searchable community where registered users can write and post messages to loved ones.
Baidu Patent Search enables users to search for specific Chinese patents and provides basic patent information in the search results, including the patent's name, application number, filing date, issue date, inventor information and brief description of the patent.
Baidu Games is an online channel that allows users to search or browse through game-related news and content.
Baidu-Hexun Finance, a financial information Website,[51] with partner Hexun.com, a financial information service provider in China with news reporting and securities consulting licenses. Users can search or browse through economic and financial news, information relating to personal wealth management and related market statistics.
Baidu Statistics Search enables users to search statistics that have been published by the Government of the People's Republic of China
Baidu Entertainment is an online channel for entertainment-related news and content. Users can search or browse through news and other information relating to specific stars, movies, television series and music.
Baidu Tongji is Baidu's web analytics platform. It provides users with many reports about visitors to their website, such as a report on the source of visitors to their website, a user demographics report, reports on content viewed on site, and a heat map report.[52]
Baidu Dictionary provides users with lookup and text translation services between Chinese and English.
Baidu Youa, an online shopping/e-commerce platform through which businesses can sell their products and services at Baidu-registered stores.[53]
Baidu Desktop Search, a free, downloadable software, which enables users to search all files saved on their computer without launching a Web browser.
Baidu Sobar, a free, downloadable software, displayed on a browser's tool bar and makes the search function available on every Web page that a user browses.
Baidu Wireless provides various services for mobile phones, including a Chinese-input front end processor (FEP) for various popular operating systems including Android, Symbian S60v5, and Windows Mobile.
Baidu Anti-Virus offers anti-virus software products and computer virus-related news.
Baidu Safety Center, launched in 2008, provides users with free virus scanning, system repair and online security evaluations
Baidu Internet TV (known as Baidu Movies) allows users to search, watch and download free movies, television series, cartoons, and other programs hosted on its servers
Chinese-language voice assistant search services for Chinese speakers visiting Japan was launched in 2008, with partner Japanese personal handy-phone system operator Willcom Inc.
Discovery Networks Asia-Pacific,[54] joint venture with Discovery Communications, focusing on science, technology, space, natural history, engineering, paleontology, archaeology, history, and culture.
Baidu Index (known as Baidu Zhishu) allows users to look up the search volume and trend for certain hot keywords and phrases. It can serve as a Baidu keyword research tool.[55]
Baidu Bookmarks (known as Baidu Soucang) is a social bookmarking service supported by Baidu.com
Baidu Browser is a web browser first released[56] as a beta in July 2011.[57] It has been noted that the user interface looks very similar to Google Chrome/Chromium.[58]
Baidu Yi is a smartphone operating system based on Android OS, announced in September 2011.[59]
Baidu Library is an open online platform for users to share documents. All the documents in Baidu Library are uploaded by the users and Baidu does not edit or change the documents. Users can read and download lecture notes, exercises, sample exams, presentation slides, materials of various subjects, variety of documents templates, etc. However, it is not completely free. In order to download some documents, users should have enough Baidu points to cover the points asked by the uploaders. Users could gain Baidu points by making contribution to Baidu Library and other users, such as uploading documents, categorizing documents, evaluating documents, etc.[60]
Baidu Experience is a product of Baidu primarily focusing on supporting the users with practical problems. In other words, it helps the users to solve the "how to do" problem. It was launched in October 2010. In architecture, Baidu Experience has integrated and reformatted Baidu Encyclopedia and Baike Knows. The first difference between Baidu Experience and Baidu Knows is that the former concentrates on specific "how to do" problems while the later contains a wider range of problems. The second difference is that users could share their experience without being asked on Baidu Experience.[61]
Baidu around You is a searching and sharing platform aiming at supporting the users with making their consumption decisions. There are currently 7 main categories of information on Baidu around You, including food, shopping, recreation, hotels, fitness, beauty and traveling. In addition, Baidu around You provides the users with convenient services and local information, partially coming from the users and searchable by cities.[62]
Qunar (Qunar Cayman Islands Limited), travel-booking service controlled by Baidu. As of 2013, Qunar had 31.4 million active users and raised $167 Million at its initial public offering that year.[63] It is listed at NASDAQ: QUNR[64]
Baidu Duer: Another addition to the family of virtual assistants.[65]
Baidu Zhanzhang: The free suite of webmaster tools offered by Baidu.[66][67]

Advertisements[edit]
Baidu's primary advertising product is called Baidu Tuiguang and is similar to Google Adwords and Adsense. It is a pay per click advertising platform that allows advertisers to have their ads shown in Baidu search results pages and on other websites that are part of Baidu Union.
Baidu sells its advertising products via a network of resellers.[68]
Baidu's web administrative tools are all in Chinese, which makes it tough for non-Chinese speakers to use. Recently, a third-party company began to develop a tool with an English-language interface for Baidu advertising programs.[69][70]
Moreover, the service may only be used by advertisers with a registered business address in China or in several other East Asian countries.[71]
Pay for placement (P4P)[edit]
Baidu focuses on generating revenues primarily from online marketing services. Baidu's pay for placement (P4P) platform enables its customers to reach users who search for information related to their products or services. Customers use automated online tools to create text-based descriptions of their web pages and bid on keywords that trigger the display of their webpage information and link. Baidu's P4P platform features an automated online sign-up process that customers use to activate their accounts at any time. The P4P platform is an online marketplace that introduces Internet search users to customers who bid for priority placement in the search results. Baidu also uses third-party distributors to sell some of its online marketing services to end customers and offers discounts to these distributors in consideration of their services.
Baidu offers certain consultative services, such as keyword suggestions, account management and performance reporting. Baidu suggests synonyms and associated phrases to use as keywords or text in search listings. These suggestions can improve clickthrough rates of the customer's listing and increase the likelihood that a user will enter into a transaction with the customer. Baidu also provides online daily reports of the number of clickthroughs, clicked keywords and the total costs incurred, as well as statistical reports organized by geographic region.[citation needed]
ProTheme[edit]
Baidu offers ProTheme services to some of its Baidu Union members, which enable these members to display on their properties its customers' promotional links that are relevant to the subject and content of such members' properties. Baidu generates revenues from ProTheme services based on the number of clicks on its customers' links and share the revenues with its Baidu Union members in accordance with pre-agreed terms. Baidu's fixed-ranking services allow customers to display query-sensitive text links at a designated location on its search results pages. Its Targetizement services enable customers to reach their targeted Internet users by displaying their advertisements only when their targeted Internet users browse Baidu's certain Web pages.
Baidu TV[edit]
Baidu operates its advertising service, Baidu TV, in partnership with Ads it! Media Corporation, an online advertising agency and technology company. Baidu TV provides advertisers access to the websites of its Baidu Union members, allowing advertisers to choose Websites on which they post their video advertisements with the aid of its advertisement targeting and matching system. It also offers a brand advertising service, Brand-Link. In June 2008, Baidu launched My Marketing Center, a customized platform integrating industry information, market trends and business, and industry news and reports to assist existing customers in their sales and marketing efforts. Other forms of its online advertising services allow customers to display query sensitive and non-query sensitive advertisements on its websites, including graphical advertisements.
Baidu Union[edit]
Baidu Union consists of several third-party websites and software applications.[72] Union members incorporate a Baidu search box or toolbar and match its sponsored links with the content on their properties. Their users can conduct search via the Baidu search box or toolbar and can click the sponsored links located on their properties. Baidu has also launched programs through which it displays the online advertising of its customers on Baidu Union websites, and share the fees generated by these advertisements with the owners of these Baidu Union websites. As of May 2011, there were 230 thousand partner websites that displayed Baidu Union ads on their websites.[73]
Competition[edit]
Baidu[74] competes with 360 Search (www.so.com), Sogou Search (www.sogou.com), Yahoo! China, Microsoft's Bing and MSN Messenger, Sina, Wikipedia, NetEase's Youdao, Tencent's Soso.com and PaiPai, Alibaba's Taobao, TOM Online, and EachNet.
Baidu is the No. 1 search engine in China, controlling 63 percent of China's market share as of January 2010, according to iResearch.[75] The number of Internet users in China had reached 705 million by the end of 2015, according to a report by the internetlivestats.com.[76]
In an August 2010 Wall Street Journal article,[77] Baidu played down its benefit from Google's having moved its China search service to Hong Kong, but Baidu's share of revenue in China's search-advertising market grew six percentage points in the second quarter to 70%, according to Beijing-based research firm Analysys International.
It is also evident that Baidu is attempting to enter the Internet social network market. As of 2011[update], it is discussing the possibility of working with Facebook, which would lead to a Chinese version of the international social network, managed by Baidu.[78] This plan, if executed, would face off Baidu with competition from the three popular Chinese social networks Qzone, Renren[79] and Kaixin001[80] as well as induce rivalry with instant-messaging giant, Tencent QQ.[81]
On February 22, 2012, Hudong submitted a complaint to the State Administration for Industry and Commerce asking for a review of the behavior of Baidu, accusing it of being monopolistic.[82]
On January 9, 2013, Baidu was still number one in the market, with 64.5% of the users, the closest competitor, Qihoo 360, who launched its own search engine in August, has already taken hold of 10.2% users. Following are Google and Sogou.[83]
By August 2014, Baidu's search market share in China has dropped to 56.3%, where Qihoo 360, its closest competitor who has rebranded its search engine as so.com, has increased its market share to 29.0%, according to report from CNZZ.com.[84]
In February 2015, Baidu was alleged to use anticompetitive tactics in Brazil against the Brazilian online security firm PSafe and Qihoo 360 (the largest investor of PSafe).[85][86]
Research and patents[edit]
Baidu has started to invest in deep learning research and is integrating new deep learning technology into some of its apps and products, including Phoenix Nest. Phoenix Nest is Baidu's ad-bidding platform.[87]
In April 2012 Baidu applied for a patent for its "DNA copyright recognition" technology. This technology automatically scans files that are uploaded by Internet users, and recognizes and filters out content that may violate copyright law. This allows Baidu to offer an infringement-free platform.[88][89]
Baidu has applied for a utility patent in the UK, for its proprietary site-wise search technology which is currently available in China.[citation needed]
Censorship[edit]
According to the China Digital Times, Baidu has a long history of being the most proactive and restrictive online censor in the search arena. Documents leaked in April 2009 from an employee in Baidu's internal monitoring and censorship department show a long list of blocked websites and censored topics on Baidu search.[90]
In May 2011, activists sued Baidu in the United States for violating the U.S. constitution by the censorship it conducts in accord with the demand of the Chinese government.[91] A U.S. judge has ruled[92] that the Chinese search engine Baidu has the right to block pro-democracy works from its query results, dismissing a lawsuit that sought to punish the company for Internet censorship.[citation needed]
Controversies[edit]
Baidu's reviews are mixed for in many fields and it is controversial. The examples are promoting and commercialization of Baidu Tieba.
Death of Wei Zexi[edit]
Main article: Death of Wei Zexi
In May 2016, Baidu's P4P search results reportedly caused the death of a student who tried an experimental cancer therapy he found online. The 21-year-old college student was named Wèi Zéxī (魏则西), who studied in Xidian University. Wei was diagnosed with synovial sarcoma, a rare form of cancer. He found the Second Hospital of the Beijing Armed Police Corps (武警北京市总队第二医院) through the search engine Baidu, on which the hospital had been promoting itself. The treatment proved to be unsuccessful.[citation needed]
After Wei's family spent around 200,000 yuan (around 31,150 USD) for treatment in the hospital, Wei Zexi died on April 12, 2016. The incident triggered massive online discussions after Wei's death. The fact that Baidu valued money way more than life kindled nationwide rage.[93] On May 2, 2016, Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC), the top watchdog for China's Internet space, dispatched a team of investigators to Baidu.[94] The case is still ongoing. One report claimed medical advertising makes up for 30% of Baidu's ad revenue, much of which comes from for-profit hospitals that belong to the "Putian Network", a collection of hospitals across the country founded by medical entrepreneurs associated with the Putian region of Fujian province.[95] The investigation led Chinese regulators to impose several restrictions on Baidu, including adding disclaimers to promotional content and establishing channels for complaints about Baidu services.[96]
Commercialization of Tieba[edit]
Baidu sold the hemophilia online community, one of the communities of Tieba, to unqualified hospitals. In January 2016, Baidu announced that it will stop selling all of its illness-related Tieba.[97]
See also[edit]

Software industry in China
China Software Industry Association
Intellectual property in the People's Republic of China
Censorship of the internet in China



China portal
Beijing portal
Companies portal
Internet portal


References[edit]


^ "Baidu - Investors - Management". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ a b "Baidu - Investors - Press Releases". Retrieved April 4, 2017. 
^ a b http://ir.baidu.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=188488&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=2248999
^ "Baidu - Investors - Investor FAQs". Retrieved Feb 14, 2017. 
^ "Baidu.com Site Overview". Alexa Internet. Retrieved December 28, 2016. 
^ "IR Contacts." Baidu. Retrieved on December 27, 2010. "Address: Baidu Campus, No. 10, Shangdi 10th Street, Haidian District, Beijing 100085 People's Republic of China."
^ "Baidu's 57 Products/Services: Introduction and History". China Analyst (CNAnalyst.com). 
^ "Alexa Top 500 Global Sites". Retrieved December 20, 2014. 
^ "The China Perspective, "China Economic Watch"".  }
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C. (December 10, 2007). "Search site moves at the speed of China". Los Angeles Times. 
^ "MSN Money – BIDU". MSN Money. Archived from the original on May 1, 2006. Retrieved 2006-05-11. 
^ Branigan, Tania. "Google to end censorship in China over cyber-attacks". Guardian. Retrieved 3 February 2014. 
^ "Baidu Music to merge with Taihe to take on Apple Music in China". Digital Market Asia. DMA News Desk. December 4, 2015. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ "The Baidu Story". Baidu. 
^ "Robin Li's vision powers Baidu's Internet search dominance", Taipei Times, September 17i, 2006.
^ Greenberg, Andy, "The Man Who's Beating Google", Forbes magazine, October 5, 2009
^ Yanhong Li, "Toward a Qualitative Search Engine," IEEE Internet Computing, vol. 2, no. 4, pp. 24–29, July/Aug. 1998, doi:10.1109/4236.707687
^ "About: RankDex", rankdex.com
^ USPTO, "Hypertext Document Retrieval System and Method", US Patent number: 5920859, Inventor: Yanhong Li, Filing date: Feb 5, 1997, Issue date: Jul 6, 1999
^ "Baidu Launched News Search Engine and Pictures Search Engine". 
^ "Baidu hacked by 'Iranian cyber army'". BBC News. 2010-01-12. Archived from the original on January 13, 2010. Retrieved 2010-01-12. 
^ "China's top search engine Baidu hacked". People's Daily. January 12, 2010. 
^ Branigan, Tania (January 12, 2010). "'Iranian' hackers paralyse Chinese search engine Baidu". The Guardian. London. 
^ Back, Aaron. "Baidu Sues Register.com, Alleges Negligence in Hacking Attack". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu: Registrar 'incredibly' changed our e-mail for hacker," Computer World, February 24, 2010. Accessed December 13, 2010.
^ "BBC News - Baidu workers arrested for 'deleting posts for money'". Bbc.co.uk. 2012-08-06. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Hsu, Alex (16 Jul 2013). "91 Wireless’ App Store Has Piracy and Other Legal Issues". BrightWire News. 
^ Baidu Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire NetDragon's Subsidiary 91 Wireless,Baidu Press Releases, August 14, 2013
^ Paul Carsten (14 August 2013). "Baidu says agrees to buy Netdragon's 91 Wireless for $1.85 billion". Reuters. 
^ "Sina and Baidu team up in China to focus on mobile". bbc.co.uk. July 31, 2012. 
^ "Baidu and Qualcomm partner to offer free cloud storage". Geeks Hut. 2012-11-19. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Baidu Launch Personal Assistant App for Android Phones,CHINA INTERNET WATCH, August 6, 2013
^ "Baidu Opens Silicon Valley Lab, Appoints Andrew Ng as Head of Baidu Research". PRNewswire.com. Retrieved 2017-06-03. 
^ Paul Bischoff (2014-07-18). "China web giant Baidu launches search engine in Brazil". Tech In Asia. Retrieved 2014-08-04. 
^ "China's Baidu buys control of Brazil's Peixe Urbano in expansion push". Reuters. 2014-12-04. 
^ Jon Russell (18 April 2017). "Baidu is making its self-driving car platform freely available to the automotive industry". TechCrunch. Retrieved 19 April 2017. 
^ Sangameswaran S (19 April 2017). "Baidu to launch self-driving car technology in July". REUTERS. Retrieved 19 April 2017. 
^ Darrell Etherington (1 June 2017). [  https://techcrunch.com/2017/06/01/baidu-teams-up-with-bosch-and-continental-on-self-driving-tech "Baidu teams up with Bosch and Continental on self-driving tech"] Check |url= value (help). TechCrunch. Retrieved 1 June 2017.  line feed character in |url= at position 2 (help)
^ "Baidu - Investors - Products". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "关于baiduspider". baidu.com. March 18, 2009. 
^ "Baiduspider User-Agent String". httpuseragent.org. March 17, 2009. 
^ "手机百度-海量新闻、上网最快、团购电影票最优惠的搜索 on the App Store". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Baidu Yun official website. Retrieved 2014-04-23.(in Chinese)
^ "Baidu Japan". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "China's Google in Japan". Infoniac.com. March 23, 2007. 
^ "After 8 years of failing, Baidu shuts Japan search engine". Tech IN Asia. April 17, 2015. 
^ "Google's Lookalike is Expanding in China". Gadget4boys.com. January 23, 2007. 
^ "百度Hi官网". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "xiangcun.baidu.com". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu will compile the rural digital Encyclopedia - BIC". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "百度新闻搜索——全球最大的中文新闻平台". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Lawton, Tait. "A Thorough Guide to Baidu Analytics (Baidu Tongji)". 
^ "Youa.com". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Discovery探索频道中文网". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Baidu keyword research tool.
^ "百度浏览器". Liulanqi.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ China's Baidu Joins Browser Battle, Wall Street Journal, July 20, 2011
^ Baidu's New Browser Looks Strikingly Familiar, China Real Time Report – WSJ, July 19, 2011
^ "Baidu Looks To Leapfrog Google With Cloud-Based Mobile OS (Update)". TechCrunch. September 2, 2011. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ "百度文库_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "百度经验_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. 2011-06-22. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "百度身边_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Fox Hu and Belinda Cao. Published Nov 2, 2013. Baidu's Qunar Rises After $167 Million IPO Exceeds Target. Bloomberg L.P.. Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ Qunar Cayman Islands Ltd Bloomberg L.P.. Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ http://blog.codexify.com/2015/09/bynow-you-all-must-be-familiar-with.html
^ "百度站长平台_让网站更具价值". zhanzhang.baidu.com. Retrieved 2015-09-21. 
^ "Baidu 101: An Overview of Baidu Webmaster Tools". Retrieved 2015-09-21. 
^ Lawton, Tait. "Baidu Pay Per Click: 7 Tips for a Successful Campaign". SearchEngineJournal.com. 
^ "Glogou Launches New Tools To Help Businesses Build Their Online Presence (And Ad Campaigns) In China". TechCrunch. 2012-11-06. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ 作者：清辰 (2012-11-07). "不懂中文没关系 Glogou帮助外企进军中国_互联网_科技时代_新浪网". Tech.sina.com.cn. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "Manage Baidu Ppc Registration". April 27, 2012. 
^ "百度联盟-让合作伙伴更强". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Lin, Susan. "Baidu's Content Network - Baidu Union". NanjingMarketingGroup.com. NanjingMarketingGroup.com. 
^ Statistics on Baidu's Annual Revenue, Baidu. March 2013.
^ Barboza, David (January 13, 2010). "Baidu's Gain from Departure Could Be China's Loss". The New York Times. 
^ "China Internet Users". 
^ Fletcher, Owen (August 3, 2010). "Baidu's CEO Pursues Long-Term Growth". Wall Street Journal. 
^ 传百度与Facebook签合作协议 – Baidu signed a cooperation agreement with Facebook, ThinkingChinese, April 14, 2011
^ "人人网，中国领先的实名制SNS社交网络。加入人人网，找到老同学，结识新朋友。". 
^ "开心网". 
^ Baidu and QQ aren't willing to remain outside the Chinese Social Network market, ThinkingChinese, April 2011
^ Yang, Yang (杨阳 Yáng Yáng). Translated by Guo Wei. "China's "Wikipedia" Submits Complaint about Baidu ." (Archive) The Economic Observer. March 4, 2011. Issue 508, Corporation, Page 28. Retrieved on October 26, 2012. Original article: "百度：我是大哥 我不叫度娘." Febinframe.php Archive])
^ "SEO in China - Top Innovative Agency". January 9, 2013. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Research, China Stock (September 1, 2014). "China Search Engine Market Share - August 2014". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Ruvolo, Julie. "Brazil Becomes A New Front In The Battle Between Baidu And Qihoo". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu's Alleged Anticompetitive Tactics in Brazil". April 14, 2015. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Hsu, Alex (15 July 2013). "Baidu Using Deep-Learning Technology to Boost Phoenix Nest Revenue". BrightWire News. 
^ [1] Archived February 18, 2015, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Baidu Applies for DNA Copyright Recognition Technology Patent". BrightWire. 
^ Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (1), Xiao Qiang, China Digital Times, April 30, 2009
Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (2)
Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (3)
^ Jonathan Stempel, "China, Baidu Sued In U.S. For Internet Censorship", Reuters, May 19, 2011.
^ "Zhang et al v. Baidu.Com Inc. et al". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Commentary: Death of college student raises questions on Baidu's ethics, People's Daily, 2016
^ China Focus: Investigation into Baidu after student death, Xinhua News Agency, 2016
^ Baidu, China's version of Google, is "evil," a growing number of users say, Quartz, 2016
^ China Orders Baidu to Revamp Advertising Results in Online Searches, The Wall Street Journal
^ Baidu to halt commercialization of Tieba health forums, China Daily, 2016


Further reading[edit]

Lee, Melanie (January 19, 2010). "NEWSMAKER-Baidu founder rules China's Web with pragmatism". Reuters.
Udeze, Chuka (March 26, 2012). Baidu Search to be Integrated by Apple on iOS Devices.
Kohout, Martin (October 30, 2014). "Spyware Baidu to Sony Xperia smartphones". FreeBit.cz.

External links[edit]
 Media related to Baidu at Wikimedia Commons

Official website



Business data for Baidu: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Baidu






Baidu Search Engine
Baidu News
Baidu MP3
Baidu Images
Baidu Video
Baidu Tieba
Baidu Zhidao
Baidu Maps
Baidu Space
Baidu Baike
Baidu Hi
Baidu Guoxue
Baidu Toolbar
Baidu Patents
Baidu Youa
Baifubao
Baidu 500
Hao123
Baidu Wenku
Baidu Yi
iQiyi

PPS.tv


Baidu Music










Links to related articles











v
t
e


Major Chinese Web portals






Baidu.com
NetEase [163.com]
Phoenix TV [ifeng.com]
Sina.com
Sohu.com
Tencent [qq.com]
TOM Online [tom.com]
R&C Media Group, Inc












v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx












v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecom
China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Web search engines



Active



AOL
Ahmia
Ask.com
Baidu
Bing
Blackle
Dogpile
DuckDuckGo
Ecosia
Exalead
Excite
GenieKnows
Gigablast
GoodSearch
Google
Info.com
Ixquick
Lycos
Naver
Qwant
Parsijoo
Picollator
SAPO
Scout
Seznam.cz
Sogou
Soso.com
Sputnik
Startpage
WebCrawler
YaCy
Yahoo!
Yandex
Yooz
Youdao





Inactive



A9.com
Aliweb
AlltheWeb
AltaVista
Blekko
Boogami
Cuil
Empas
Forestle
Go.com
Inktomi
JumpStation
LeapFish
Mugurdy
Northern Light
Powerset
Scroogle
SearchMe
Teoma
Viewzi
Vivisimo
Volunia
W3Catalog
Wikiseek
Yebol








Complete list
Comparison












v
t
e


Instant messaging



Protocols
(comparison)





Open




IMPP
IRC
Matrix
MTProto
RetroShare
Signal Protocol
SIP

MSRP
SIMPLE


Tox
XMPP

Jingle
WFP


Zephyr
DDP






Closed




MSNP
OSCAR

TOC


Skype
YMSG








Services



AIM
BAND
BlackBerry Messenger
Discord
Facebook Messenger
Google Allo
Google Hangouts
Google Talk
GroupMe
Hike Messenger
HipChat
ICQ
iGap
iMessage
IRC Networks
KakaoTalk
Kik
Libon
Line
Microsoft Messenger service
Nimbuzz
ooVoo
Palringo
Signal
Skype
Skype Qik
Slack
Snapchat
Tango
Telegram
QQ
Threema
Tox
Upptalk
Viber
WeChat
WhatsApp
Windows Messenger service
Yahoo! Messenger





Clients
(comparison)





Single protocol




Allo
AIM
Baidu Hi
BlackBerry Messenger
CSipSimple
Facebook Messenger
FaceTime
Fetion
Gadu-Gadu
GroupMe
IBM Sametime
ICQ
IMVU
Linphone
Palringo
RetroShare
Ricochet
Ring
Signal
Skype
Telegram
Tencent QQ
Tox
WeChat
WhatsApp
Wire
Wickr
Yahoo! Messenger






Multi-protocol




Adium
Ayttm
BitlBee
Centericq
eBuddy
Empathy
Fire
Gizmo5
Instantbird
Jitsi
Kopete
Messages/iChat
Miranda IM
Nimbuzz
Pidgin
QIP 2010
Skype for Business
Trillian
Telepathy
Upptalk
Xfire






XMPP (Jabber)




Bombus
ChatSecure
Conversations
Facebook Chat
Gajim
Google Talk
Psi
Tkabber
Spark






MSNP




aMSN
emesene
Windows Live Messenger
Windows Messenger
Skype








See also



Backchannel
Buddy profile
Chat log
Chatbot
Contact list
Emoticon
File sharing
Instant message service center
LAN messenger
Mobile instant messaging
Presence information
Shoutbox
SMS language
Status message
Videotelephony
Voice over IP
Webcam
Web chat
Circuit
eXo Platform
FirstClass
Flock
Fuze Box
Glip
Hall.com
Lua
Yammer















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Baidu&oldid=792078152"					
Categories: BaiduCompanies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQInternet search enginesChinese websitesOnline companiesInternet properties established in 2000Science and technology in the People's Republic of ChinaInternet companies of ChinaSoftware companies of ChinaMultinational companies headquartered in China2000 establishments in ChinaNotorious marketsChinese brandsChinese companies established in 2000Hidden categories: CS1 errors: invisible charactersPages with URL errorsArticles with Chinese-language external linksWebarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from July 2013Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from December 2016All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing Chinese-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2016Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011Articles with unsourced statements from April 2013Articles with unsourced statements from July 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡქართულიMagyarമലയാളംNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSlovenčinaSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt文言粵語中文डोटेली 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 09:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 







需要安全验证




Facebook加入或登录 Facebook   邮箱或手机号密码忘记帐户？登录想加入 Facebook 吗？注册注册安全验证码请输入以下文本看不清楚上面的文字？换一个或播放语音验证信息框中文字：这是什么？安全验证这是一个标准的安全测试，用于阻止垃圾邮件制造者创建假帐户并向用户发送垃圾信息。提交中文(简体)English (US)日本語한국어Français (France)Bahasa IndonesiaPolskiEspañolPortuguês (Brasil)DeutschItalianoMessengerFacebook Lite用户地点游戏位置名人二手市场小组食谱彩色气球Instagram公司简介创建广告创建主页开发者招聘信息隐私权政策Cookie广告选项条款设置活动日志 Facebook © 2017





Baidu - Wikipedia






















 






Baidu

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia


					Jump to:					navigation, 					search

Not to be confused with Beidu, Beidou, or Baidul.

Baidu, Inc.





Type of site

Public


Traded as
NASDAQ: BIDU
NASDAQ-100 Component


Founded
January 1, 2000; 17 years ago (2000-01-01)


Headquarters
Beijing, China


Area served
Worldwide


Key people
Robin Li (Chairman, CEO) [1]


Industry
Internet


Revenue

 CNY 70.549 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [2]




Operating income

 CNY 10.049 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [2]




Total assets

 CNY 181.997 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [3]




Total equity

 CNY 92.250 billion
(Dec 31, 2016) [3]




Employees

(Mar 31, 2016) [4]
43,500


Website
www.baidu.com


Alexa rank
 4 (Global, December 2016[update])[5]







Baidu



Baidu headquarters, Haidian District, Beijing



Chinese
百度





Transcriptions


Standard Mandarin


Hanyu Pinyin
Bǎidù


Gwoyeu Romatzyh
Baeduh


Wade–Giles
Paitu


IPA
[pài.tû]


Wu


Romanization
Bah tu


Yue: Cantonese


Yale Romanization
Baakdoh


IPA
[pāːk.tòu̯]


Jyutping
Baak3 dou6


Southern Min


Hokkien POJ
Pah-to͘








Baidu, Inc. (Chinese: 百度; pinyin: Bǎidù, anglicized /ˈbaɪduː/ "BY-doo"), incorporated on 18 January 2000, is a Chinese web services company headquartered at the Baidu Campus in Beijing's Haidian District.[6] It is one of the largest Internet companies in the world.
Baidu offers many services, including a Chinese search engine for websites, audio files and images. Baidu offers 57 search and community services including Baidu Baike (an online, collaboratively built encyclopedia) and a searchable, keyword-based discussion forum.[7] Baidu was established in 2000 by Robin Li and Eric Xu. Both of the co-founders are Chinese nationals who studied and worked overseas before returning to China. In December 2016[update], Baidu ranked 4th overall in the Alexa Internet rankings.[8]
During Q4 of 2010, it is estimated that there were 4.02 billion search queries in China of which Baidu had a market share of 56.6%. China's Internet-search revenue share in second quarter 2011 by Baidu is 76%.[9] In December 2007, Baidu became the first Chinese company to be included in the NASDAQ-100 index.[10]
As of 2006, Baidu provided an index of over 740 million web pages, 80 million images, and 10 million multimedia files.[11] Baidu offers multimedia content including MP3 music, and movies, and is the first in China to offer Wireless Application Protocol (WAP) and personal digital assistant (PDA)-based mobile search.
Baidu Baike is similar to Wikipedia as an online encyclopedia; however, unlike Wikipedia, only registered users can edit the articles due to Chinese laws. While access to Wikipedia has been intermittently blocked or certain articles filtered in China since June 2004, there is some controversy about the degree to which Baidu cooperates with Chinese government censorship.[12]
The company also hosts a music service, called Baidu Music, that has more than 150 million monthly active users. On 4 December 2015, Baidu announced plans to merge with Taihe Entertainment Group to help the service compete with Apple Inc.'s Apple Music, which Apple plans to make available in China.[13]



Contents


1 Name
2 History

2.1 Early development
2.2 Domain name redirection
2.3 Baidu workers arrested
2.4 91 Wireless acquisition
2.5 2010s announcements


3 Services
4 Advertisements

4.1 Pay for placement (P4P)
4.2 ProTheme
4.3 Baidu TV


5 Baidu Union
6 Competition
7 Research and patents
8 Censorship
9 Controversies

9.1 Death of Wei Zexi
9.2 Commercialization of Tieba


10 See also
11 References
12 Further reading
13 External links



Name[edit]
The name Baidu (百度) literally means "a hundred times", or alternatively, "countless times". It is a quote from the last line of Xin Qiji (辛弃疾)'s classical poem "Green Jade Table in The Lantern Festival" (青玉案·元夕) saying: "Having searched thousands of times in the crowd, suddenly turning back, She is there in the dimmest candlelight." (众里寻他千百度，蓦然回首，那人却在灯火阑珊处。)[14]
History[edit]
Early development[edit]
In 1994, Robin Li (Li Yanhong, 李彦宏) joined IDD Information Services, a New Jersey division of Dow Jones and Company, where he helped develop software for the online edition of the Wall Street Journal.[15] He also worked on developing better algorithms for search engines and remained at IDD Information Services from May 1994 to June 1997.
In 1996, while at IDD, Li developed the RankDex site-scoring algorithm for search engines results page ranking[16][17][18] and received a US patent for the technology.[19] He later used this technology for the Baidu search engine.
In 2000, the company Baidu launched in Beijing, China. The first office was located in a hotel room, which was near Peking University from where Robin graduated.
In 2003, Baidu launched a news search engine and picture search engine, adopting a special identification technology capable of identifying and grouping the articles.[20]
Domain name redirection[edit]
On January 12, 2010, Baidu.com's DNS records in the United States were altered such that browsers to baidu.com were redirected to a website purporting to be the Iranian Cyber Army, thought to be behind the attack on Twitter during the 2009 Iranian election protests, making the proper site unusable for four hours.[21] Internet users were met with a page saying "This site has been attacked by Iranian Cyber Army".[22] Chinese hackers later responded by attacking Iranian websites and leaving messages.[23] Baidu later launched legal action against Register.com for gross negligence after it was revealed that Register.com's technical support staff changed the email address for Baidu.com on the request of an unnamed individual, despite failing security verification procedures. Once the address had been changed, the individual was able to use the forgotten password feature to have Baidu's domain passwords sent directly to them, allowing them to accomplish the domain hijacking.[24][25]
Baidu workers arrested[edit]
On August 6, 2012, the BBC reported that three employees of Baidu were arrested on suspicion that they accepted bribes. The bribes were allegedly paid for deleting posts from the forum service. Four people were fired in connection with these arrests.[26]
91 Wireless acquisition[edit]
On July 16, 2013, Baidu announced its intention to purchase 91 Wireless from NetDragon. 91 Wireless is best known for its app store, but it has been reported that the app store faces piracy and other legal issues.[27] On August 14, 2013, Baidu announced that its wholly owned subsidiary Baidu (Hong Kong) Limited has signed a definitive merger agreement to acquire 91 Wireless Web-soft Limited from NetDragon Web-soft Inc.[28] for $1.85 billion in what was reported to be the biggest deal ever in China's IT sector.[29]
2010s announcements[edit]
On July 31, 2012, Baidu announced they would team up with Sina to provide mobile search results.[30]
On November 18, 2012, Baidu announced that they would be partnering with Qualcomm to offer free cloud storage to Android users with Snapdragon processors.[31]
On August 2, 2013, Baidu launched its Personal Assistant app, designed to help CEOs, managers and the white-collar workers manage their business relationships.[32]
On May 16, 2014, Baidu appointed Dr. Andrew Ng as chief scientist. Dr. Ng will lead Baidu Research in Silicon Valley and Beijing.[33]
On July 18, 2014, the company launched a Brazilian version of the search engine, Baidu Busca.[34]
On October 9, 2014, Baidu announced acquisition of Brazilian local e-commerce site Peixe Urbano.[35]
In April 2017, Baidu announced to launch Apollo project, its self-driving vehicle platform in a bid to help drive the development of autonomous cars including vehicle platform, hardware platform, software platform and cloud data services.[36] Baidu plans to launch this project in July this year, before gradually introducing fully autonomous driving capabilities on highways and open city roads by 2020.[37]
In June 2017, Baidu partnered with Continental and Bosch, auto industry suppliers, on automated driving and connected cars.[38]
Services[edit]
Baidu offers several services[39] to locate information, products and services using Chinese-language search terms, such as, search by Chinese phonetics, advanced search, snapshots, spell checker, stock quotes, news, knows, postbar, images, video and space information, and weather, train and flight schedules and other local information. The user-agent string of Baidu search engine is Baiduspider.[40][41] Also, a Baidu application for Apple's iOS is available.[42]

Baidu Map (百度地图) is a desktop and mobile mapping solution similar to Google Maps, but covering only the Greater China region
Baidu Netdisk (百度网盘), formerly Baidu Cloud (百度云) is a cloud storage service that offers 2 TB of free data storage.[43]
Baidu started its Japanese language search service, run by Baidu Japan, the company's first regular service outside of China.[44] It includes a search bar for web pages and image searches, user help and advanced services.[45] The Japanese search engine closed on March 16, 2015.[46]
Baidu Post Bar (百度贴吧)provides users with a query-based searchable community to exchange views and share knowledge and experiences. It is an online community bound tightly with Baidu's search service.
Baidu News provides links to a selection of local, national and international news, and presents news stories in a searchable format, within minutes of their publication on the Web. Baidu News uses an automated process to display links to related headlines, which enables people to see many different viewpoints on the same story. Chinese government and Chinese industry sources stated that Baidu received a license from Beijing, which allows the search engine to become a full-fledged news website. Thus Baidu is able to provide its own reports, besides showing certain results as a search engine. Baidu is the first Chinese search engine to receive such a license.[47]
Baidu Knows (百度知道) provides users with a query-based searchable community to share knowledge and experience. Through Baidu Knows, registered members of Baidu Knows can post specific questions for other members to respond and also answer questions of other members.
Baidu MP3 Search provides algorithm-generated links to songs and other multimedia files provided by Internet content providers. Baidu started with a popular music search feature called "MP3 Search" and its comprehensive lists of popular Chinese music, Baidu 500, based on download numbers. Baidu locates file formats such as MP3, WMA and SWF. The multimedia search feature is mainly used in searches for Chinese pop music. While such works are copyrighted under Chinese law, Baidu claims on its legal disclaimer that linking to these files does not break Chinese law. This has led other local search engines to follow the practice, including Google China(Hong Kong), which uses an intermediate company called Top100 to offer a similar MP3 Search service.
Baidu Image Search enables users to search millions of images on the Internet. Baidu Image Search offers features such as search by image size and by image file type. Image listings are organized by various categories, which are updated automatically through algorithms.
Baidu Video Search enables users to search for and access through hyperlinks of online video clips that are hosted on third parties’ Websites.
Baidu Space the social networking service of Baidu, allows registered users to create personalized homepages in a query-based searchable community.[48] Registered users can post their Web logs, or blogs, photo album and certain personal information on their homepages and establish their own communities of friends who are also registered users. By July 2009, it had reached 100 million registered users
Baidu Baike, is China's largest online encyclopedia by users and page views/web traffic; second largest encyclopedia by article count (after Hudong).

China Digital Village Encyclopedia (中国数字乡村大百科全书), in June 2009, Baidu announced it would compile the largest digital rural encyclopedia in China, according to China Securities Journal. It is expected to include 500,000 administrative villages in China, covering 80% of the total 600,000 villages in China. Baidu is creating the content of this encyclopedia largely from participants of its "rural information competition" (乡村信息化大赛),[49] on which it has spent roughly five million yuan on incentives. Baidu sees China's rural areas as great potential for electronic business (e-business), evidenced by the fact that revenue grew the fastest from agriculture, forestry, animals, and fishery in the company's keyword promotion project, a crucial source of Baidu's total revenue. In addition to Baidu Encyclopedia, the company scales up keyword promotion and takes advantage of other products, such as Baidu Zhidao and Baidu Youa, to provide consultation, brand ad exhibitions and online network marketing/sales platform support, marketing information for rural tourism and promoting local products.[50]


Baidu Search Ranking provides listings of search terms based on daily search queries entered on Baidu.com. The listings are organized by categories and allow users to locate search terms on topics of interest.
Baidu Web Directory enables users to browse and search through websites that have been organized into categories.
Baidu Government Information Search allows users to search various regulations, rules, notices, and other information announced by People's Republic of China government entities.
Baidu Postal Code Search enables users to search postal codes in hundreds of cities in China.
Educational Website Search allows users to search the Websites of educational institutions. Baidu University Search allows users to search information on or browse through the Websites of specific universities in China
Baidu Legal Search enables users to search a database that contains national and local laws and regulations, cases, legal decisions, and law dictionaries.
Baidu Love is a query-based searchable community where registered users can write and post messages to loved ones.
Baidu Patent Search enables users to search for specific Chinese patents and provides basic patent information in the search results, including the patent's name, application number, filing date, issue date, inventor information and brief description of the patent.
Baidu Games is an online channel that allows users to search or browse through game-related news and content.
Baidu-Hexun Finance, a financial information Website,[51] with partner Hexun.com, a financial information service provider in China with news reporting and securities consulting licenses. Users can search or browse through economic and financial news, information relating to personal wealth management and related market statistics.
Baidu Statistics Search enables users to search statistics that have been published by the Government of the People's Republic of China
Baidu Entertainment is an online channel for entertainment-related news and content. Users can search or browse through news and other information relating to specific stars, movies, television series and music.
Baidu Tongji is Baidu's web analytics platform. It provides users with many reports about visitors to their website, such as a report on the source of visitors to their website, a user demographics report, reports on content viewed on site, and a heat map report.[52]
Baidu Dictionary provides users with lookup and text translation services between Chinese and English.
Baidu Youa, an online shopping/e-commerce platform through which businesses can sell their products and services at Baidu-registered stores.[53]
Baidu Desktop Search, a free, downloadable software, which enables users to search all files saved on their computer without launching a Web browser.
Baidu Sobar, a free, downloadable software, displayed on a browser's tool bar and makes the search function available on every Web page that a user browses.
Baidu Wireless provides various services for mobile phones, including a Chinese-input front end processor (FEP) for various popular operating systems including Android, Symbian S60v5, and Windows Mobile.
Baidu Anti-Virus offers anti-virus software products and computer virus-related news.
Baidu Safety Center, launched in 2008, provides users with free virus scanning, system repair and online security evaluations
Baidu Internet TV (known as Baidu Movies) allows users to search, watch and download free movies, television series, cartoons, and other programs hosted on its servers
Chinese-language voice assistant search services for Chinese speakers visiting Japan was launched in 2008, with partner Japanese personal handy-phone system operator Willcom Inc.
Discovery Networks Asia-Pacific,[54] joint venture with Discovery Communications, focusing on science, technology, space, natural history, engineering, paleontology, archaeology, history, and culture.
Baidu Index (known as Baidu Zhishu) allows users to look up the search volume and trend for certain hot keywords and phrases. It can serve as a Baidu keyword research tool.[55]
Baidu Bookmarks (known as Baidu Soucang) is a social bookmarking service supported by Baidu.com
Baidu Browser is a web browser first released[56] as a beta in July 2011.[57] It has been noted that the user interface looks very similar to Google Chrome/Chromium.[58]
Baidu Yi is a smartphone operating system based on Android OS, announced in September 2011.[59]
Baidu Library is an open online platform for users to share documents. All the documents in Baidu Library are uploaded by the users and Baidu does not edit or change the documents. Users can read and download lecture notes, exercises, sample exams, presentation slides, materials of various subjects, variety of documents templates, etc. However, it is not completely free. In order to download some documents, users should have enough Baidu points to cover the points asked by the uploaders. Users could gain Baidu points by making contribution to Baidu Library and other users, such as uploading documents, categorizing documents, evaluating documents, etc.[60]
Baidu Experience is a product of Baidu primarily focusing on supporting the users with practical problems. In other words, it helps the users to solve the "how to do" problem. It was launched in October 2010. In architecture, Baidu Experience has integrated and reformatted Baidu Encyclopedia and Baike Knows. The first difference between Baidu Experience and Baidu Knows is that the former concentrates on specific "how to do" problems while the later contains a wider range of problems. The second difference is that users could share their experience without being asked on Baidu Experience.[61]
Baidu around You is a searching and sharing platform aiming at supporting the users with making their consumption decisions. There are currently 7 main categories of information on Baidu around You, including food, shopping, recreation, hotels, fitness, beauty and traveling. In addition, Baidu around You provides the users with convenient services and local information, partially coming from the users and searchable by cities.[62]
Qunar (Qunar Cayman Islands Limited), travel-booking service controlled by Baidu. As of 2013, Qunar had 31.4 million active users and raised $167 Million at its initial public offering that year.[63] It is listed at NASDAQ: QUNR[64]
Baidu Duer: Another addition to the family of virtual assistants.[65]
Baidu Zhanzhang: The free suite of webmaster tools offered by Baidu.[66][67]

Advertisements[edit]
Baidu's primary advertising product is called Baidu Tuiguang and is similar to Google Adwords and Adsense. It is a pay per click advertising platform that allows advertisers to have their ads shown in Baidu search results pages and on other websites that are part of Baidu Union.
Baidu sells its advertising products via a network of resellers.[68]
Baidu's web administrative tools are all in Chinese, which makes it tough for non-Chinese speakers to use. Recently, a third-party company began to develop a tool with an English-language interface for Baidu advertising programs.[69][70]
Moreover, the service may only be used by advertisers with a registered business address in China or in several other East Asian countries.[71]
Pay for placement (P4P)[edit]
Baidu focuses on generating revenues primarily from online marketing services. Baidu's pay for placement (P4P) platform enables its customers to reach users who search for information related to their products or services. Customers use automated online tools to create text-based descriptions of their web pages and bid on keywords that trigger the display of their webpage information and link. Baidu's P4P platform features an automated online sign-up process that customers use to activate their accounts at any time. The P4P platform is an online marketplace that introduces Internet search users to customers who bid for priority placement in the search results. Baidu also uses third-party distributors to sell some of its online marketing services to end customers and offers discounts to these distributors in consideration of their services.
Baidu offers certain consultative services, such as keyword suggestions, account management and performance reporting. Baidu suggests synonyms and associated phrases to use as keywords or text in search listings. These suggestions can improve clickthrough rates of the customer's listing and increase the likelihood that a user will enter into a transaction with the customer. Baidu also provides online daily reports of the number of clickthroughs, clicked keywords and the total costs incurred, as well as statistical reports organized by geographic region.[citation needed]
ProTheme[edit]
Baidu offers ProTheme services to some of its Baidu Union members, which enable these members to display on their properties its customers' promotional links that are relevant to the subject and content of such members' properties. Baidu generates revenues from ProTheme services based on the number of clicks on its customers' links and share the revenues with its Baidu Union members in accordance with pre-agreed terms. Baidu's fixed-ranking services allow customers to display query-sensitive text links at a designated location on its search results pages. Its Targetizement services enable customers to reach their targeted Internet users by displaying their advertisements only when their targeted Internet users browse Baidu's certain Web pages.
Baidu TV[edit]
Baidu operates its advertising service, Baidu TV, in partnership with Ads it! Media Corporation, an online advertising agency and technology company. Baidu TV provides advertisers access to the websites of its Baidu Union members, allowing advertisers to choose Websites on which they post their video advertisements with the aid of its advertisement targeting and matching system. It also offers a brand advertising service, Brand-Link. In June 2008, Baidu launched My Marketing Center, a customized platform integrating industry information, market trends and business, and industry news and reports to assist existing customers in their sales and marketing efforts. Other forms of its online advertising services allow customers to display query sensitive and non-query sensitive advertisements on its websites, including graphical advertisements.
Baidu Union[edit]
Baidu Union consists of several third-party websites and software applications.[72] Union members incorporate a Baidu search box or toolbar and match its sponsored links with the content on their properties. Their users can conduct search via the Baidu search box or toolbar and can click the sponsored links located on their properties. Baidu has also launched programs through which it displays the online advertising of its customers on Baidu Union websites, and share the fees generated by these advertisements with the owners of these Baidu Union websites. As of May 2011, there were 230 thousand partner websites that displayed Baidu Union ads on their websites.[73]
Competition[edit]
Baidu[74] competes with 360 Search (www.so.com), Sogou Search (www.sogou.com), Yahoo! China, Microsoft's Bing and MSN Messenger, Sina, Wikipedia, NetEase's Youdao, Tencent's Soso.com and PaiPai, Alibaba's Taobao, TOM Online, and EachNet.
Baidu is the No. 1 search engine in China, controlling 63 percent of China's market share as of January 2010, according to iResearch.[75] The number of Internet users in China had reached 705 million by the end of 2015, according to a report by the internetlivestats.com.[76]
In an August 2010 Wall Street Journal article,[77] Baidu played down its benefit from Google's having moved its China search service to Hong Kong, but Baidu's share of revenue in China's search-advertising market grew six percentage points in the second quarter to 70%, according to Beijing-based research firm Analysys International.
It is also evident that Baidu is attempting to enter the Internet social network market. As of 2011[update], it is discussing the possibility of working with Facebook, which would lead to a Chinese version of the international social network, managed by Baidu.[78] This plan, if executed, would face off Baidu with competition from the three popular Chinese social networks Qzone, Renren[79] and Kaixin001[80] as well as induce rivalry with instant-messaging giant, Tencent QQ.[81]
On February 22, 2012, Hudong submitted a complaint to the State Administration for Industry and Commerce asking for a review of the behavior of Baidu, accusing it of being monopolistic.[82]
On January 9, 2013, Baidu was still number one in the market, with 64.5% of the users, the closest competitor, Qihoo 360, who launched its own search engine in August, has already taken hold of 10.2% users. Following are Google and Sogou.[83]
By August 2014, Baidu's search market share in China has dropped to 56.3%, where Qihoo 360, its closest competitor who has rebranded its search engine as so.com, has increased its market share to 29.0%, according to report from CNZZ.com.[84]
In February 2015, Baidu was alleged to use anticompetitive tactics in Brazil against the Brazilian online security firm PSafe and Qihoo 360 (the largest investor of PSafe).[85][86]
Research and patents[edit]
Baidu has started to invest in deep learning research and is integrating new deep learning technology into some of its apps and products, including Phoenix Nest. Phoenix Nest is Baidu's ad-bidding platform.[87]
In April 2012 Baidu applied for a patent for its "DNA copyright recognition" technology. This technology automatically scans files that are uploaded by Internet users, and recognizes and filters out content that may violate copyright law. This allows Baidu to offer an infringement-free platform.[88][89]
Baidu has applied for a utility patent in the UK, for its proprietary site-wise search technology which is currently available in China.[citation needed]
Censorship[edit]
According to the China Digital Times, Baidu has a long history of being the most proactive and restrictive online censor in the search arena. Documents leaked in April 2009 from an employee in Baidu's internal monitoring and censorship department show a long list of blocked websites and censored topics on Baidu search.[90]
In May 2011, activists sued Baidu in the United States for violating the U.S. constitution by the censorship it conducts in accord with the demand of the Chinese government.[91] A U.S. judge has ruled[92] that the Chinese search engine Baidu has the right to block pro-democracy works from its query results, dismissing a lawsuit that sought to punish the company for Internet censorship.[citation needed]
Controversies[edit]
Baidu's reviews are mixed for in many fields and it is controversial. The examples are promoting and commercialization of Baidu Tieba.
Death of Wei Zexi[edit]
Main article: Death of Wei Zexi
In May 2016, Baidu's P4P search results reportedly caused the death of a student who tried an experimental cancer therapy he found online. The 21-year-old college student was named Wèi Zéxī (魏则西), who studied in Xidian University. Wei was diagnosed with synovial sarcoma, a rare form of cancer. He found the Second Hospital of the Beijing Armed Police Corps (武警北京市总队第二医院) through the search engine Baidu, on which the hospital had been promoting itself. The treatment proved to be unsuccessful.[citation needed]
After Wei's family spent around 200,000 yuan (around 31,150 USD) for treatment in the hospital, Wei Zexi died on April 12, 2016. The incident triggered massive online discussions after Wei's death. The fact that Baidu valued money way more than life kindled nationwide rage.[93] On May 2, 2016, Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC), the top watchdog for China's Internet space, dispatched a team of investigators to Baidu.[94] The case is still ongoing. One report claimed medical advertising makes up for 30% of Baidu's ad revenue, much of which comes from for-profit hospitals that belong to the "Putian Network", a collection of hospitals across the country founded by medical entrepreneurs associated with the Putian region of Fujian province.[95] The investigation led Chinese regulators to impose several restrictions on Baidu, including adding disclaimers to promotional content and establishing channels for complaints about Baidu services.[96]
Commercialization of Tieba[edit]
Baidu sold the hemophilia online community, one of the communities of Tieba, to unqualified hospitals. In January 2016, Baidu announced that it will stop selling all of its illness-related Tieba.[97]
See also[edit]

Software industry in China
China Software Industry Association
Intellectual property in the People's Republic of China
Censorship of the internet in China



China portal
Beijing portal
Companies portal
Internet portal


References[edit]


^ "Baidu - Investors - Management". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ a b "Baidu - Investors - Press Releases". Retrieved April 4, 2017. 
^ a b http://ir.baidu.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=188488&p=irol-newsArticle&ID=2248999
^ "Baidu - Investors - Investor FAQs". Retrieved Feb 14, 2017. 
^ "Baidu.com Site Overview". Alexa Internet. Retrieved December 28, 2016. 
^ "IR Contacts." Baidu. Retrieved on December 27, 2010. "Address: Baidu Campus, No. 10, Shangdi 10th Street, Haidian District, Beijing 100085 People's Republic of China."
^ "Baidu's 57 Products/Services: Introduction and History". China Analyst (CNAnalyst.com). 
^ "Alexa Top 500 Global Sites". Retrieved December 20, 2014. 
^ "The China Perspective, "China Economic Watch"".  }
^ Chmielewski, Dawn C. (December 10, 2007). "Search site moves at the speed of China". Los Angeles Times. 
^ "MSN Money – BIDU". MSN Money. Archived from the original on May 1, 2006. Retrieved 2006-05-11. 
^ Branigan, Tania. "Google to end censorship in China over cyber-attacks". Guardian. Retrieved 3 February 2014. 
^ "Baidu Music to merge with Taihe to take on Apple Music in China". Digital Market Asia. DMA News Desk. December 4, 2015. Retrieved December 4, 2015. 
^ "The Baidu Story". Baidu. 
^ "Robin Li's vision powers Baidu's Internet search dominance", Taipei Times, September 17i, 2006.
^ Greenberg, Andy, "The Man Who's Beating Google", Forbes magazine, October 5, 2009
^ Yanhong Li, "Toward a Qualitative Search Engine," IEEE Internet Computing, vol. 2, no. 4, pp. 24–29, July/Aug. 1998, doi:10.1109/4236.707687
^ "About: RankDex", rankdex.com
^ USPTO, "Hypertext Document Retrieval System and Method", US Patent number: 5920859, Inventor: Yanhong Li, Filing date: Feb 5, 1997, Issue date: Jul 6, 1999
^ "Baidu Launched News Search Engine and Pictures Search Engine". 
^ "Baidu hacked by 'Iranian cyber army'". BBC News. 2010-01-12. Archived from the original on January 13, 2010. Retrieved 2010-01-12. 
^ "China's top search engine Baidu hacked". People's Daily. January 12, 2010. 
^ Branigan, Tania (January 12, 2010). "'Iranian' hackers paralyse Chinese search engine Baidu". The Guardian. London. 
^ Back, Aaron. "Baidu Sues Register.com, Alleges Negligence in Hacking Attack". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu: Registrar 'incredibly' changed our e-mail for hacker," Computer World, February 24, 2010. Accessed December 13, 2010.
^ "BBC News - Baidu workers arrested for 'deleting posts for money'". Bbc.co.uk. 2012-08-06. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Hsu, Alex (16 Jul 2013). "91 Wireless’ App Store Has Piracy and Other Legal Issues". BrightWire News. 
^ Baidu Signs Definitive Agreement to Acquire NetDragon's Subsidiary 91 Wireless,Baidu Press Releases, August 14, 2013
^ Paul Carsten (14 August 2013). "Baidu says agrees to buy Netdragon's 91 Wireless for $1.85 billion". Reuters. 
^ "Sina and Baidu team up in China to focus on mobile". bbc.co.uk. July 31, 2012. 
^ "Baidu and Qualcomm partner to offer free cloud storage". Geeks Hut. 2012-11-19. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Baidu Launch Personal Assistant App for Android Phones,CHINA INTERNET WATCH, August 6, 2013
^ "Baidu Opens Silicon Valley Lab, Appoints Andrew Ng as Head of Baidu Research". PRNewswire.com. Retrieved 2017-06-03. 
^ Paul Bischoff (2014-07-18). "China web giant Baidu launches search engine in Brazil". Tech In Asia. Retrieved 2014-08-04. 
^ "China's Baidu buys control of Brazil's Peixe Urbano in expansion push". Reuters. 2014-12-04. 
^ Jon Russell (18 April 2017). "Baidu is making its self-driving car platform freely available to the automotive industry". TechCrunch. Retrieved 19 April 2017. 
^ Sangameswaran S (19 April 2017). "Baidu to launch self-driving car technology in July". REUTERS. Retrieved 19 April 2017. 
^ Darrell Etherington (1 June 2017). [  https://techcrunch.com/2017/06/01/baidu-teams-up-with-bosch-and-continental-on-self-driving-tech "Baidu teams up with Bosch and Continental on self-driving tech"] Check |url= value (help). TechCrunch. Retrieved 1 June 2017.  line feed character in |url= at position 2 (help)
^ "Baidu - Investors - Products". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "关于baiduspider". baidu.com. March 18, 2009. 
^ "Baiduspider User-Agent String". httpuseragent.org. March 17, 2009. 
^ "手机百度-海量新闻、上网最快、团购电影票最优惠的搜索 on the App Store". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Baidu Yun official website. Retrieved 2014-04-23.(in Chinese)
^ "Baidu Japan". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "China's Google in Japan". Infoniac.com. March 23, 2007. 
^ "After 8 years of failing, Baidu shuts Japan search engine". Tech IN Asia. April 17, 2015. 
^ "Google's Lookalike is Expanding in China". Gadget4boys.com. January 23, 2007. 
^ "百度Hi官网". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "xiangcun.baidu.com". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu will compile the rural digital Encyclopedia - BIC". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "百度新闻搜索——全球最大的中文新闻平台". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Lawton, Tait. "A Thorough Guide to Baidu Analytics (Baidu Tongji)". 
^ "Youa.com". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Discovery探索频道中文网". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Baidu keyword research tool.
^ "百度浏览器". Liulanqi.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ China's Baidu Joins Browser Battle, Wall Street Journal, July 20, 2011
^ Baidu's New Browser Looks Strikingly Familiar, China Real Time Report – WSJ, July 19, 2011
^ "Baidu Looks To Leapfrog Google With Cloud-Based Mobile OS (Update)". TechCrunch. September 2, 2011. Retrieved September 7, 2011. 
^ "百度文库_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "百度经验_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. 2011-06-22. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "百度身边_百度百科". Baike.baidu.com. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ Fox Hu and Belinda Cao. Published Nov 2, 2013. Baidu's Qunar Rises After $167 Million IPO Exceeds Target. Bloomberg L.P.. Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ Qunar Cayman Islands Ltd Bloomberg L.P.. Retrieved September 25, 2014
^ http://blog.codexify.com/2015/09/bynow-you-all-must-be-familiar-with.html
^ "百度站长平台_让网站更具价值". zhanzhang.baidu.com. Retrieved 2015-09-21. 
^ "Baidu 101: An Overview of Baidu Webmaster Tools". Retrieved 2015-09-21. 
^ Lawton, Tait. "Baidu Pay Per Click: 7 Tips for a Successful Campaign". SearchEngineJournal.com. 
^ "Glogou Launches New Tools To Help Businesses Build Their Online Presence (And Ad Campaigns) In China". TechCrunch. 2012-11-06. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ 作者：清辰 (2012-11-07). "不懂中文没关系 Glogou帮助外企进军中国_互联网_科技时代_新浪网". Tech.sina.com.cn. Retrieved 2013-04-22. 
^ "Manage Baidu Ppc Registration". April 27, 2012. 
^ "百度联盟-让合作伙伴更强". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Lin, Susan. "Baidu's Content Network - Baidu Union". NanjingMarketingGroup.com. NanjingMarketingGroup.com. 
^ Statistics on Baidu's Annual Revenue, Baidu. March 2013.
^ Barboza, David (January 13, 2010). "Baidu's Gain from Departure Could Be China's Loss". The New York Times. 
^ "China Internet Users". 
^ Fletcher, Owen (August 3, 2010). "Baidu's CEO Pursues Long-Term Growth". Wall Street Journal. 
^ 传百度与Facebook签合作协议 – Baidu signed a cooperation agreement with Facebook, ThinkingChinese, April 14, 2011
^ "人人网，中国领先的实名制SNS社交网络。加入人人网，找到老同学，结识新朋友。". 
^ "开心网". 
^ Baidu and QQ aren't willing to remain outside the Chinese Social Network market, ThinkingChinese, April 2011
^ Yang, Yang (杨阳 Yáng Yáng). Translated by Guo Wei. "China's "Wikipedia" Submits Complaint about Baidu ." (Archive) The Economic Observer. March 4, 2011. Issue 508, Corporation, Page 28. Retrieved on October 26, 2012. Original article: "百度：我是大哥 我不叫度娘." Febinframe.php Archive])
^ "SEO in China - Top Innovative Agency". January 9, 2013. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Research, China Stock (September 1, 2014). "China Search Engine Market Share - August 2014". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Ruvolo, Julie. "Brazil Becomes A New Front In The Battle Between Baidu And Qihoo". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ "Baidu's Alleged Anticompetitive Tactics in Brazil". April 14, 2015. Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Hsu, Alex (15 July 2013). "Baidu Using Deep-Learning Technology to Boost Phoenix Nest Revenue". BrightWire News. 
^ [1] Archived February 18, 2015, at the Wayback Machine.
^ "Baidu Applies for DNA Copyright Recognition Technology Patent". BrightWire. 
^ Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (1), Xiao Qiang, China Digital Times, April 30, 2009
Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (2)
Baidu's Internal Monitoring and Censorship Document Leaked (3)
^ Jonathan Stempel, "China, Baidu Sued In U.S. For Internet Censorship", Reuters, May 19, 2011.
^ "Zhang et al v. Baidu.Com Inc. et al". Retrieved August 29, 2016. 
^ Commentary: Death of college student raises questions on Baidu's ethics, People's Daily, 2016
^ China Focus: Investigation into Baidu after student death, Xinhua News Agency, 2016
^ Baidu, China's version of Google, is "evil," a growing number of users say, Quartz, 2016
^ China Orders Baidu to Revamp Advertising Results in Online Searches, The Wall Street Journal
^ Baidu to halt commercialization of Tieba health forums, China Daily, 2016


Further reading[edit]

Lee, Melanie (January 19, 2010). "NEWSMAKER-Baidu founder rules China's Web with pragmatism". Reuters.
Udeze, Chuka (March 26, 2012). Baidu Search to be Integrated by Apple on iOS Devices.
Kohout, Martin (October 30, 2014). "Spyware Baidu to Sony Xperia smartphones". FreeBit.cz.

External links[edit]
 Media related to Baidu at Wikimedia Commons

Official website



Business data for Baidu: Google Finance
Yahoo! Finance
Reuters
SEC filings










v
t
e


Baidu






Baidu Search Engine
Baidu News
Baidu MP3
Baidu Images
Baidu Video
Baidu Tieba
Baidu Zhidao
Baidu Maps
Baidu Space
Baidu Baike
Baidu Hi
Baidu Guoxue
Baidu Toolbar
Baidu Patents
Baidu Youa
Baifubao
Baidu 500
Hao123
Baidu Wenku
Baidu Yi
iQiyi

PPS.tv


Baidu Music










Links to related articles











v
t
e


Major Chinese Web portals






Baidu.com
NetEase [163.com]
Phoenix TV [ifeng.com]
Sina.com
Sohu.com
Tencent [qq.com]
TOM Online [tom.com]
R&C Media Group, Inc












v
t
e


Companies of the NASDAQ-100 index






21st Century Fox
Activision Blizzard
Adobe Systems
Akamai Technologies
Alexion Pharmaceuticals
Alphabet
Amazon.com
American Airlines Group
Amgen
Analog Devices
Apple
Applied Materials
Autodesk
Automatic Data Processing
Baidu
Biogen
BioMarin Pharmaceutical
Broadcom Limited
CA Technologies
Celgene
Cerner
Charter Communications
Check Point
Cintas
Cisco Systems
Citrix Systems
Cognizant
Comcast
Costco
CSX
Ctrip.com International
Dentsply Sirona
Discovery Communications
Dish Network
Dollar Tree
eBay
Electronic Arts
Expedia
Express Scripts
Facebook
Fastenal
Fiserv
Gilead Sciences
Hasbro
Henry Schein
Hologic
Idexx Laboratories
Illumina
Incyte
Intel
Intuit
Intuitive Surgical
J. B. Hunt Transport Services
JD.com
KLA-Tencor
Kraft Heinz
Lam Research
Liberty Global
Liberty Interactive
Marriott International
Mattel
Maxim Integrated Products
MercadoLibre
Microchip Technology
Micron Technology
Microsoft
Mondelez International
Monster Beverage
Mylan
NetEase
Netflix
Norwegian Cruise Line
Nvidia
O'Reilly Auto Parts
Paccar
Paychex
PayPal
Qualcomm
Regeneron
Ross Stores
Seagate Technology
Shire
Sirius XM Holdings
Skyworks Solutions
Starbucks
Symantec
T-Mobile US
Tesla, Inc.
Texas Instruments
The Priceline Group
Tractor Supply Company
Ulta Beauty
Verisk Analytics
Vertex Pharmaceuticals
Viacom
Vodafone
Walgreens Boots Alliance
Western Digital
Wynn Resorts
Xilinx












v
t
e


Major information technology companies






Largest IT companies
Largest Internet companies
Largest software companies





Consulting and
outsourcing



Accenture
Atos
Booz Allen Hamilton
BMC Software
BT Global Services
CACI
Capgemini
CGI Group
Cognizant
Deloitte
Digital China
DXC Technology
Fujitsu
HCL Technologies
Hitachi Consulting
IBM Global Services
Indra Sistemas
Infosys
Infor
KPMG
Leidos
NEC
NTT DATA
Orange Business Services
T-Systems
Tata Consultancy Services
Tech Mahindra
Unisys
Wipro





Imaging



Canon Inc.
HP Inc.
Eastman Kodak
Fujifilm
Konica Minolta
Kyocera
Lexmark
Nikon
Olympus Corporation
Panasonic
Ricoh
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Sony
Toshiba
Xerox





Information storage



ADATA
Dell Technologies
Dell EMC
Fujitsu
Hitachi Data Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Kingston Technology
LenovoEMC
NetApp
Oracle Corporation
Plextor
Samsung Electronics
Seagate Technology
Silicon Power
Sony
Toshiba
Transcend Information
Western Digital (SanDisk)





Internet



Baidu
Facebook
Google
IAC/InterActiveCorp
Microsoft
Naver
NetEase
Netflix
Oath
Tencent
Twitter
Uber
Vox Media
Yandex





Cloud computing




Akamai Technologies
Amazon Web Services
Google
IBM
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Rackspace
Salesforce.com








E-commerce only




Alibaba Group
Amazon.com
eBay
Flipkart
Groupon
JD.com
Shopify
Rakuten








Mainframes



Fujitsu
IBM





Mobile devices



Acer Inc.
Amazon.com
Apple
Asus
BBK Electronics (OPPO, OnePlus, Vivo)
BlackBerry Limited
Hisense
HTC
Huawei
I-Mobile
Karbonn Mobiles
Lava Mobiles (XOLO)
Lenovo (Motorola Mobility)
LG Electronics
Meizu
Micromax Informatics (YU Televentures)
Microsoft
Nokia
Panasonic
Samsung
Sony
TCL Corporation
True
Xiaomi
ZTE





Networking equipment



Avaya
Cisco Systems
Ericsson
Fujitsu
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
Huawei
Juniper Networks
Motorola Solutions
NEC
Nokia
Qualcomm
ZTE





OEMs



Celestica
Compal Electronics
Flextronics
Foxconn
Jabil
Pegatron
Quanta
Sanmina Corporation
TPV Technology
Wistron Corporation





Personal computers
and servers



Acer Inc.
Apple Inc.
Asus
Dell
Fujitsu
HP Inc.
Lenovo
LG Electronics
NEC
Panasonic
Positivo
Samsung Electronics
Toshiba





Servers only




Cisco Systems
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Inspur
Oracle Corporation








Financial technology



Euronet Worldwide
FIS
PayPal
Fiserv
Jack Henry
SWIFT
Square





Point of sale



Casio
NCR
Panasonic
Samsung Electronics
Seiko Epson
Sharp
Star Micronics
Toshiba
Wincor Nixdorf





Semiconductors



Advanced Micro Devices
Broadcom
Fujitsu
Infineon Technologies
Integrated Micro-Electronics, Inc.
Intel
LG Electronics
Marvell Technology Group
MediaTek
Micron Technology
Nvidia
NXP Semiconductors (Freescale)
ON Semiconductor
Panasonic
Qualcomm
Renesas Electronics
Samsung Electronics
SK Hynix
Sony
STMicroelectronics
Texas Instruments
Toshiba
VIA Technologies





Foundries




GlobalFoundries
TSMC
United Microelectronics Corporation
SMIC








Equipment




Applied Materials
KLA-Tencor
Lam Research
Tokyo Electron








Software



Adobe Systems
Amadeus IT Group
Apple Inc.
Autodesk
BMC Software
CA Technologies
FIS
Google
Hewlett Packard Enterprise
IBM
Intuit
Infor
Microsoft
Oracle Corporation
Sage Group
SAP SE
Symantec
VMware





Telecommunications
services



América Móvil
AT&T
Bell Canada
Bezeq
Bharti Airtel
Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
BT Group
CenturyLink
China Mobile
China Telecom
China Unicom
Chunghwa Telecom
Comcast
Deutsche Telekom
Hutchison Asia
Idea Cellular
KDDI
KPN
KT Corporation
Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
MTN
MTS
Nippon
NTT DoCoMo
Oi
Orange S.A.
PCCW
Reliance
Shaw
Singtel
SK Telecom
SoftBank Mobile
Spark
Sprint Corporation
Swisscom
Tata Teleservices
Telecom Italia
Telefónica
Telenor
Telus
Telmex
Telstra
TPG
True
Türk Telekom
Veon
Verizon
Viettel
Vivendi
Vodafone





Travel technology



Amadeus IT Group
Sabre Corporation
Travelport





Video games



Activision Blizzard
Atari
Bandai Namco
Capcom‎
Electronic Arts
Epic Games
LucasArts
Koei Tecmo
Konami
NCsoft
Nexon
Nintendo
Sega
Sony
Square Enix
Take-Two Interactive
Tencent
Ubisoft
Warner Bros.






Methodology: FY2014/15 applicable revenues of over: group 1-3, 6-12 - US$3 billion; group 4 - US$2 billion; group 5,13,16 - US$1 billion










v
t
e


Web search engines



Active



AOL
Ahmia
Ask.com
Baidu
Bing
Blackle
Dogpile
DuckDuckGo
Ecosia
Exalead
Excite
GenieKnows
Gigablast
GoodSearch
Google
Info.com
Ixquick
Lycos
Naver
Qwant
Parsijoo
Picollator
SAPO
Scout
Seznam.cz
Sogou
Soso.com
Sputnik
Startpage
WebCrawler
YaCy
Yahoo!
Yandex
Yooz
Youdao





Inactive



A9.com
Aliweb
AlltheWeb
AltaVista
Blekko
Boogami
Cuil
Empas
Forestle
Go.com
Inktomi
JumpStation
LeapFish
Mugurdy
Northern Light
Powerset
Scroogle
SearchMe
Teoma
Viewzi
Vivisimo
Volunia
W3Catalog
Wikiseek
Yebol








Complete list
Comparison












v
t
e


Instant messaging



Protocols
(comparison)





Open




IMPP
IRC
Matrix
MTProto
RetroShare
Signal Protocol
SIP

MSRP
SIMPLE


Tox
XMPP

Jingle
WFP


Zephyr
DDP






Closed




MSNP
OSCAR

TOC


Skype
YMSG








Services



AIM
BAND
BlackBerry Messenger
Discord
Facebook Messenger
Google Allo
Google Hangouts
Google Talk
GroupMe
Hike Messenger
HipChat
ICQ
iGap
iMessage
IRC Networks
KakaoTalk
Kik
Libon
Line
Microsoft Messenger service
Nimbuzz
ooVoo
Palringo
Signal
Skype
Skype Qik
Slack
Snapchat
Tango
Telegram
QQ
Threema
Tox
Upptalk
Viber
WeChat
WhatsApp
Windows Messenger service
Yahoo! Messenger





Clients
(comparison)





Single protocol




Allo
AIM
Baidu Hi
BlackBerry Messenger
CSipSimple
Facebook Messenger
FaceTime
Fetion
Gadu-Gadu
GroupMe
IBM Sametime
ICQ
IMVU
Linphone
Palringo
RetroShare
Ricochet
Ring
Signal
Skype
Telegram
Tencent QQ
Tox
WeChat
WhatsApp
Wire
Wickr
Yahoo! Messenger






Multi-protocol




Adium
Ayttm
BitlBee
Centericq
eBuddy
Empathy
Fire
Gizmo5
Instantbird
Jitsi
Kopete
Messages/iChat
Miranda IM
Nimbuzz
Pidgin
QIP 2010
Skype for Business
Trillian
Telepathy
Upptalk
Xfire






XMPP (Jabber)




Bombus
ChatSecure
Conversations
Facebook Chat
Gajim
Google Talk
Psi
Tkabber
Spark






MSNP




aMSN
emesene
Windows Live Messenger
Windows Messenger
Skype








See also



Backchannel
Buddy profile
Chat log
Chatbot
Contact list
Emoticon
File sharing
Instant message service center
LAN messenger
Mobile instant messaging
Presence information
Shoutbox
SMS language
Status message
Videotelephony
Voice over IP
Webcam
Web chat
Circuit
eXo Platform
FirstClass
Flock
Fuze Box
Glip
Hall.com
Lua
Yammer















 
						Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Baidu&oldid=792078152"					
Categories: BaiduCompanies in the NASDAQ-100 IndexCompanies listed on NASDAQInternet search enginesChinese websitesOnline companiesInternet properties established in 2000Science and technology in the People's Republic of ChinaInternet companies of ChinaSoftware companies of ChinaMultinational companies headquartered in China2000 establishments in ChinaNotorious marketsChinese brandsChinese companies established in 2000Hidden categories: CS1 errors: invisible charactersPages with URL errorsArticles with Chinese-language external linksWebarchive template wayback linksUse mdy dates from July 2013Pages using deprecated image syntaxArticles containing potentially dated statements from December 2016All articles containing potentially dated statementsArticles containing Chinese-language textAll articles with unsourced statementsArticles with unsourced statements from December 2016Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2011Articles with unsourced statements from April 2013Articles with unsourced statements from July 2016 



Navigation menu


Personal tools

Not logged inTalkContributionsCreate accountLog in 



Namespaces

Article
Talk




Variants









Views

Read
Edit
View history



More







Search



 







Navigation


Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleDonate to WikipediaWikipedia store 



Interaction


HelpAbout WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact page 



Tools


What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkPage informationWikidata itemCite this page 



Print/export


Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 



In other projects


Wikimedia Commons 



Languages


العربيةবাংলাBân-lâm-gúБеларускаяCatalàDanskDeutschEspañolEsperantoفارسیFrançaisGalego한국어हिन्दीBahasa IndonesiaItalianoעבריתಕನ್ನಡქართულიMagyarമലയാളംNederlandsनेपाली日本語Norsk bokmålOccitanPolskiPortuguêsRomânăРусскийScotsSlovenčinaSuomiSvenskaతెలుగుไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt文言粵語中文डोटेली 
Edit links 





 This page was last edited on 24 July 2017, at 09:33.
Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License;
additional terms may apply.  By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.


Privacy policy
About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view



 

 






Data Dumps  |  Freebase API (Deprecated)
       |  Google Developers
    
    
      
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
      
    
    
    All Products
  
  Sign in

  
  Send feedback
  





            Hey there! Are you maybe looking for Firebase instead?

            







    Data Dumps
  


The Freebase API will be completely shut-down on Aug 31 2016. This page provides access to the last available data dump. Read more.
Data Dumps are a downloadable version of the data in Freebase. They constitute a snapshot of the data stored in Freebase and the Schema that structures it, and are provided under the same CC-BY license. The Freebase/Wikidata mappings are provided under the CC0 license.

Freebase Triples
Freebase Deleted Triples
Freebase/Wikidata Mappings
License
Citing

Freebase Triples


This dataset contains every fact currently in Freebase.

Total triples: 1.9 billion
Updated: Weekly
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC-BY

22 GB gzip250 GB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.date> "2001-02"^^<http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#gYearMonth>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.source> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11x1gf2m6>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/type.object.type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage.rate> 4.5 .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/g.11vjz1ynm>  <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type> <http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/measurement_unit.dated_percentage>  .


If you're writing your own code to parse the RDF dumps its often more efficient to read directly from GZip file rather than extracting the data first and then processing the uncompressed data.
<subject>  <predicate>  <object> .
Note: In Freebase, objects have MIDs that look like /m/012rkqx. In RDF those MIDs become m.012rkqx. Likewise, Freebase schema like /common/topic are written as common.topic.
The subject is the ID of a Freebase object. It can be a Freebase MID (ex. m.012rkqx) for topics and CVTs or a human-readable ID (ex. common.topic) for schema.
The predicate is always a human-readable ID for a Freebase property or a property from a standard RDF vocabulary like RDFS. Freebase foreign key namespaces are also used as predicates to make it easier to look up keys by namespace.
The object field may contain a Freebase MID for an object or a human-readable ID for schema from Freebase or other RDF vocabularies. It may also include literal values like strings, booleans and numeric values.
Topic descriptions often contain newlines. In order to make each triple fit on one line, we have escaped newlines with "\n".
Freebase Deleted Triples
We also provide a dump of triples that have been deleted from Freebase over time. This is a one-time dump through March 2013. In the future, we might consider providing periodic updates of recently deleted triples, but at the moment we have no specific timeframe for doing so, and are only providing this one-time dump. 

The dump is distributed as a .tar.gz file (2.1Gb compressed, 7.7Gb uncompressed). It contains 63,036,271 deleted triples in 20 files (there is no particular meaning to the individual files, it is just easier to manipulate several smaller files than one huge file).


Thanks to Chun How Tan and John Giannandrea for making this data release possible.




Total triples: 63 million
Updated: June 9, 2013
Data Format: CSV
License: CC-BY

2 GB gzip8 GB uncompressed

Download



The data format is essentially CSV with one important caveat. The object field may contain any characters, including commas (as well as any other reasonable delimiters you could think of). However, all the other fields are guaranteed not to contain commas, so the data can still be parsed unambiguously.

The columns in the dataset are defined as:

creation_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
creator
deletion_timestamp (Unix epoch time in milliseconds)
deletor
subject (MID)
predicate (MID)
object (MID/Literal)
language_code



CSV
1352854086000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,1352855856000,/user/mwcl_wikipedia_en,/m/03r90,/type/object/key,/wikipedia/en/$B816,en
1355171076000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364258198000,/user/turtlewax_bot,/m/0nncp9z,/music/recording/artist,/m/01vbfm4,en
1176630380000,/user/mwcl_images,1335928144000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/029w57m,/common/image/size,/m/0kly56,en
1292854917000,/user/mwcl_musicbrainz,1364823418001,/user/mbz_pipeline_merge_bot,/m/0fv1vl8,/type/object/type,/common/topic,en
1205530905000,/user/mwcl_images,1336022041000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/01x5scz,/common/licensed_object/license,/m/02x6b,en
1302391361000,/user/content_administrator,1336190973000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/0gkb45y,/type/object/type,/type/content,en
1176728962002,/user/mwcl_images,1335954186000,/user/gardening_bot,/m/08430h,/common/topic/image,/m/02cs147,en
1172002568007,/user/mwcl_chefmoz,1283588560000,/user/delete_bot,/m/01z4c1z,/type/object/name,La Casa Rosa Mexican Restaurant,en


Freebase/Wikidata Mappings


The data has been created based on the Wikidata-Dump of October 28, 2013, and contains only those links that have at least two common Wikipedia-Links and not a single disagreeing Wikipedia-Link. Furthermore, the lines are sorted by the number of common Wikipedia-Links (although in Turtle this does not really matter).

Total triples: 2.1M
Updated: October 28, 2013
Data Format: N-Triples RDF
License: CC0

21.2 MB gzip242.9 MB uncompressed

Download



The RDF data is serialized using the N-Triples format, encoded as UTF-8 text and compressed with Gzip.


RDF
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0695j>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q6718> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.05nrg>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs7>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q538> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0jgd>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q414> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.0d_23>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q2537> .
<http://rdf.freebase.com/ns/m.04g7d>  <http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#sameAs>  <http://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q315> .


License
Freebase Data Dumps are provided free of charge for any purpose with regular updates by Google. They are distributed, like Freebase itself, under the Creative Commons Attribution (aka CC-BY) and use is subject to the Terms of Service.
The Freebase/Wikidata ID mappings are provided under CC0 and can be used without restrictions.
Citing
If you'd like to cite these data dumps in a publication, you may use:

Google, Freebase Data Dumps, https://developers.google.com/freebase/data, <month> <day>, <year>

Or as BibTeX:


BibTex

@misc{freebase:datadumps,
  title = "Freebase Data Dumps"
  author = "Google",
  howpublished = "\url{https://developers.google.com/freebase/data}",
  edition = "<month> <day>, <year>",
  year = "<year>"
}




Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see our Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

      
      Last updated February 10, 2017.
    




Send feedback about...
          
          This page
        
            
            Documentation feedback
          
        Freebase API (Deprecated)
        
            
            Product feedback
          
        
        Cancel
      
