








Bernard C. Bailey - Executive Bio, Compensation History, and Contacts - Equilar Atlas










 

















Log in | Sign up








x

 






As Featured In



















Bernard C. Bailey
Chairman of the Board at Analogic


View Full Profile
Are you Bernard C. Bailey? Claim your profile


 


Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Bernard C. Bailey's full profile. 
With Equilar Atlas, you can:



IDENTIFY corporate executives in Bernard C. Bailey's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Bernard C. Bailey's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Bernard C. Bailey through your network of contacts.
												








Bernard C. Bailey's Executive Work History


Current


Chairman of the Board, 
Analogic


Past
To view Bernard C. Bailey's complete executive work history, sign up now
Education


United States Naval Academy


University of California - Berkeley


University of Southern California


George Washington University


														 Master's, 
															American College


Age
63

 
 


Bernard C. Bailey's Biography



Dr. Bernard C. Bailey serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Authentix, Inc., a Carlyle backed, private-equity owned company that provides authentication products and services to Fortune 500 companies and governments around the globe. From 2006 until 2012, Dr. Bailey served as President of Paraquis Solutions, LLC a consulting firm to companies in the defense and security industries focused on strategy, change transformation, mergers and acquisitions, and corporate governance. From 2002 to 2006, Dr. Bailey was President and Chief Executive Officer of L-1 Identity Solutions, Inc. (previously Viisage Technology, Inc.), a 

developer o ...
(Read More)

			Dr. Bernard C. Bailey serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Authentix, Inc., a Carlyle backed, private-equity owned company that provides authentication products and services to Fortune 500 companies and governments around the globe. From 2006 until 2012, Dr. Bailey served as President of Paraquis Solutions, LLC a consulting firm to companies in the defense and security industries focused on strategy, change transformation, mergers and acquisitions, and corporate governance. From 2002 to 2006, Dr. Bailey was President and Chief Executive Officer of L-1 Identity Solutions, Inc. (previously Viisage Technology, Inc.), a 

developer of advanced technology identity solutions for governments, law enforcement agencies, and corporations. Dr. Bailey previously served as Chief Operating Officer of Art Technology Group, a developer and marketer of e-commerce software solutions, and in various executive positions during a seventeen-year career at IBM Corporation. Dr. Bailey currently serves as a director of Telos Corporation, where he chairs the audit and strategy committees.

Dr. Bailey's qualifications to serve as director include his extensive experience in the security technology industry, serving both public and private sector customers. He also brings three decades of executive experience in the technology industry, including experience as a public-company Chief Executive Officer, as well as extensive board experience, having served as a director on eight publicly-traded companies in the US. Dr. Bailey also has a deep understanding of corporate governance, having earned his Ph.D. in Management from Case Western Reserve University where his dissertation focused on corporate governance. He has served as an expert witness in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, served as a speaker at various conferences on corporate governance, and has published in peer reviewed academic journals on corporate governance. Dr. Bailey holds a Master Level Professional Director Certification from the American College of Corporate Directors, a public company director education and credentialing organization and is a member of the National Association of Corporate Directors.
		
Source: Analogic on 11/25/2016
		
	

 






Sign up for Equilar Atlas and view Bernard C. Bailey's full profile. 



												By accessing Equilar Atlas, you can view bios, network, salary and wealth events
												of industry-leading executives like Bernard C. Bailey. More specifically, you'll be able to:
												

IDENTIFY corporate executives in Bernard C. Bailey's  network and community.
												FOLLOW changes in Bernard C. Bailey's employment and money-in-motion.
												CONNECT with Bernard C. Bailey through your network of conections.
												




View Full Profile


 








Search for over 360,000 executive profiles.





/bio



													Example: Bernard C. Bailey


















Bernard C. Bailey's Connections (163)





Sign up now to view Bernard C. Bailey's 163 connections »









Stephen A. Odland
Board Member, General Mills, Inc.









Farley Peechatka
Senior Vice President and General Manager, Ultrasound Business, Analogic









Fred B. Parks
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Analogic









Mervat Faltas
Senior Vice President and General Manager, Medical Imaging Business; President, Analogic Canada Corporation, Analogic









Michael L. Levitz
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Insulet Corporation









Lawrence W. Midland
Former President, Identive Group, Inc.









James M. Loy
Board Member, Lockheed Martin Corporation









Sophie V. Vandebroek
Board Member, IDEXX Laboratories, Inc.









Manfred Mueller
Former Executive Vice President, Global Operations and Support, Identive Group, Inc.









Joseph Tassone
Former Executive Vice President, Global Engineering, Identive Group, Inc.








Popular Profiles






														Sign up now to view more executive profiles »
														









Thomas J. Lynch
Executive Chairman, TE Connectivity Ltd.









John J. Kita
EVP and CFO, A. O. Smith









Elon R. Musk
CEO and Chairman, Tesla









Jan Koum
Board Member, Facebook, Inc.









Philip L. Milstein
Board Member, The Marcus Corporation












×

Claim Your Profile Coming Soon
Interested in updating your biography and work history?
We're working on making it happen.
We'll email you when this feature is available.
Please enter valid email address.

Done


Thank you for your interest.
Ok






			Browse executive profiles:
			
				 A
			
				 B
			
				 C
			
				 D
			
				 E
			
				 F
			
				 G
			
				 H
			
				 I
			
				 J
			
				 K
			
				 L
			
				 M
			
				 N
			
				 O
			
				 P
			
				 Q
			
				 R
			
				 S
			
				 T
			
				 U
			
				 V
			
				 W
			
				 X
			
				 Y
			
				 Z



Equilar Homepage
Equilar Atlas
Equilar Insight
Equilar BoardEdge
Equilar Engage
Research Services
Knowledge Network
About Us
Login

� 2017 Equilar All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
1100 Marshall Street, Redwood City, CA 94063 | Phone (650) 241-6600 | Fax (650) 701-0993






















Bailey St. Bernard


















			New Items Added Daily

			Selection and price may vary in store.




Your cart is lonely!



















Menu
HomeDepartmentsMonona Store InfoDecorah Store InfoCresco Store InfoContact UsLogin



















Categories



Automotive
Auto Detailing
Air Fresheners
Auto Cleaning Accessories
Auto Snow Brush
Body Repair
Hand Cleaners


Auto Parts & Accessories
Auto Accessories
Auto Fuses
Auto Replacement Bulbs
Brake Repair Parts
Caps, Thermostats & Heaters
Floor Mats & Mud Flaps
Muffler & Accessories
Pick-up Boxes & Fuel Tanks
Small Engine Parts
Spark Plugs
Tire Chains & Accessories
Wiper Blades


Batteries & Accessories
Auto Batteries
Auto Battery Accessories
Battery Chargers
Booster Cables


Lubricants & Chemicals
Additives & Fluids
Coolant Additives
Fluids & Repairs
Fuel Additives
Gasket Maker & Sealants
Gear, 2 Cycle, Bar & Misc Oil
Grease
Lubriants & Penetrating Oil
Motor Oil
Oil Additives
Oil Dry


Tools & Maintenance
Filters - Oil, Air & Fuel
Fuel Pumps & Accessories
Gas Cans
Grease Gun  & Fittings
Oil Cans & Funnels
Ramps & Creepers
Shop Tools
Tubes & Tire Repair


Trailers & Towing
Cable Pullers
Hitches & Ball Receivers
Hydraulic Jacks & Winches
Safety
Tarp Straps & Accessories
Tarps
Tie Down Straps & Accessories
Tire Repair & Parts
Tow Ropes
Trailer Adapters & Connectors
Trailer Jacks & Accessories
Trailer Lighting
Trailer Parts 
Trailers
Wiring & Splices




Clothing
Footwear
Rubber Boots
Shoe & Boot Accessories
Shoes & Workboots
Winter Boots


Gloves
Chemical Gloves
Chore & Jersey Gloves
Garden Gloves
Leather Gloves
Mechanic Gloves
Mens Winter Gloves
Womens Winter Gloves


Hats & Caps
Caps & Cowboy Hats
Kids Winter Hats
Mens Winter Hats
Sun Hats
Womens Winter Hats


Mens
Belts & Accessories
Bibs
Button Shirts
Coats & Jackets
Long Underwear
Pants & Shorts
Printed Shirts
Shirts
Socks & Underwear
Sweatshirts & Sweatpants
Winter Bibs


Specialty
Camouflage
Rainwear
Safety


Team Apparel
Bulldog
College


Womens
Coats & Jackets
Long Underwear
Shirts
Socks 
Sweatshirts


Youth
Boys Shirts & Sweatshirts
Coats, Jackets, Snowpants & Bibs
Girls Shirts & Sweatshirts
Long Underwear
Socks 




Electrical
Batteries & Flashlights
Alkaline Batteries
Flashlights
Rechargeable Batteries
Watch & Specialties Batteries


Cable Ties
Reusable Cable Ties
Standard Cable Ties


Cord & Accessories
Electric Cord Repair & Adapters
Extension Cords
Surge Protectors 
Timers


Electronics
Doorbells
Phone & Cell Phone
TV & Computer


Light Bulbs
Compact Florescent
Florescent
Heatlamps & Shields
LED Bulbs
Specialty
Standard


Lighting
Ceiling Fans
Dusk to Dawn Fixtures
Fluorescent Fixtures & Parts
Indoor Fixtures
Landscape Lighting
Outdoor Fixtures
Room Lamps
Solar Lights
Work Lights


Rough Electrical
Breakers & Fuses
Bulk Wire
Conduit & Fittings
Covers & Plates
Electrical Boxes
Electrical Tools & Testers
Fuse Boxes
Lamp Holder & Repair
Recepticals
Switches
Weatherproof Boxes
Wire Splicers, Connectors & Clamps




Farm
Animal Health
Antibiotics, Ointments & Wraps
Cow Towels
Dairy Barn Accessories
Ear Tags & Animal Markers
Fly Spray & Accessories
Grooming
Prods, Paddles & Sorters
Vet Supplies


Buckets & Accessories
Bottles & Accessories
Feed Scoops
Pail Holders
Pails, Buckets & Pans


Cattle Equipment & Feeders
Calving Pens & Chute Panels
Chicken Feeders & Waterers
Feeders - Bale, Mineral & Trough
Livestock Waterers
Stock Tanks
Waterer Supplies & Heaters


Equine Supplies
Horse Fly Spray
Horse Grooming
Horse Halters & Leads
Horse Ointments & Medications
Horse Tack
Horse Treats
Riding Helmets


Feed & Bedding
Dairy Chemicals
Feed & Supplies
Rubber Mats
Salt
Shavings
Stantion Parts


Fencing
Chain Link Fence
Electric Fence Posts & T-Posts
Fence Insulators
Fencers
Fencing Wire
Garden Fence & Chicken Wire
Gate Hardware
Gates
HiTencil Accessories
Post Pounder, Pulleys, Anchors
Wire Products - Panels, Barbwire


Silo Supplies
Silo Plastic


Tractor Equipment
3 Pt Supplies
3 pt Mower Blades & Misc
Bearings & Bushings
Cylinders
Hay Raketeeth, Guards & Sickle
Hitch Pins
Hopper Grain 
Hydraulic Hose & Fittings
Motors
Roller Chain & Accessories
Sprockets & Pulleys
Tillage
Tractor Parts & Mufflers




Giftware
Candles & Diffusers
Diffusers, Wax Melts & Oil
Jar Candles
Lighters & Matches
Other Candles


Home Accents
Magnets
Other Home Accents
Signs & Wall Hangings
Willow Tree Figurines


Licensed Collectibles
Green Bay Packers
Iowa State University Cyclones
Minnesota Vikings
University of Iowa Hawkeyes


Photo Albums & Frames
Albums
Frames




Hardware
Chain, Cable & Rope
Cable Accessories
Cable
Chain Accessories
Chain
Clevis
Come-A-Longs
Hoists
Load Binders
Rope Accessories
Rope
Snaps
Tow Chain


Fasteners
Anchor
Construction Screws
Drywall & Deck Screws
Misc Bolts & Nuts
Nails
Pneumatic Fasteners
Pop Rivets
Staples
Wood & Metal Screws


Hardware
Barn Door Hardware
Cabinet Hardware
Carpet & Floor Hardware
Coasters & Wheels
Door Hardware
Door Locks
Eye Bolts & U-Bolts
Garage Door Parts & Openers
Gate Hardware
Glides & Floor Protection
Hardware Wire
Hinges
Home Hardware
Keys & Accessories
Mail Boxes
Padlocks
Picture & Plate Hanging
Shelf Braces
Shelving
Steel & Threaded Rods
Storage Hooks
Storm Door Hardware
Window Hardware


Home Security
Alarms & Detectors
Child Safety
Fire Extinguishers
Safes 


Lumber
Boards
Ceilings
Construction Hardware
Dowels
Down Spouts & Gutters
Flashing
Jack Posts
Joist Hangers & Plates
Mobile Home Hardware
RV Hardware
Shims
Trim Lumber
Ventilation


Signs
Letters & Numbers
Signs


Weather Proofing
Home Weather Stripping
Insulation
Plastic
Spray Foam
Window Kits




Home Essentials
Appliances
Can Openers & Electric Knives
Coffee Pots
Crock Pots
Food Savers & Dehydrators
Grills, Griddles & Fryers
Meat Slicers & Grinders
Microwaves & Toaster Ovens
Misc Appliances
Mixers, Blenders & Processors
Popcorn, Bread & Ice Cream
Toasters & Waffle Irons


Cleaning
Air Freshners
Brooms & Mops
Brushes
Cleaning Supplies
Laundry 
Paper Products
Toilet Cleaning Supplies
Trash Bags
Trash Cans & Buckets
Vacuums, Bags & Belts


Cookware
Bakeware
Cutlery
Glassware
Kitchen Utensils & Gadgets
Pots & Pans
Specialty Cookware & Books
Thermos & Mugs
Towels & Accessories


Food Preservation
Canners, Jars & Accessories
Food Storage
Jerky & Accessories


Health & Misc
First Aid
Grooming Accessories
Hand Creams & Powders
Health Accessories
Medications


Home Accessories
Clocks & Radios
Home Accessories
Rain Gauges & Thermometers
Rugs & Mats
School & Office Supplies
Totes & Organizers


Tables & Chairs
Folding Tables & Chairs
Lifetime Tables


Watkins Products
Lotions & Soap
Spices




Lawn & Garden
Bird Supplies
Bird Feeders & Bird Houses
Bird Seed & Suet
Hummingbird & Oriole Supplies


Garden & Planting
Garden Seeds 
Plant Food Fertilizer
Planters & Watering Cans
Potting Soil
Seed Starter
Tomato Cages & Supports


Garden & Power Equipment
Blowers & Accessories
Lawn Carts
Lawn Mowers & Parts
Misc. Power Equipment
Power Equipment Accessories
Sprayers & Parts
Sweepers, Spreaders & Thatchers
Trimmer & Chain Saw Accessories
Trimmers & Chain Saws
V Belts
Wheelbarrows


Garden Hose
Garden Hose
Hose Ends & Sprinklers
Hose Storage
Underground Irrigation


Garden Tools & Pruning
Axes & Mauls
Hand Tools
Hand Trimmers & Pruners
LH Forks
LH Scrapers
Misc LH Tools
Post Hole Diggers
Rakes & Hoes
Replacement Handles
Scoop Shovels
Snow Shovels & Ice Melt
Spades & Shovels


Landscaping Supplies
Landscaping Supplies
Lawn Edging & Accessories
Mulch, Dirt & Rock
Tree Care
Weed Block


Lawn & Garden Care
Animal Repellant
Bug Repellant & Poison
Dry Lawn Fertilizer & Weed Killer
Grass Seed  
Insect Control
Insecticide & Fungicide
Liquid Vegitation Killers
Liquid Weed Killers
Plant Fertilizer
Rodent Control




Outdoor Living
Coolers
Ice Packs
Soft & Hard Shell Coolers
Water & Cooler Accessories


Flags
Flag Accessories
USA & State


Fountain & Pond Accessories
Fountains & Accessories
Pond Pumps & Accessories
Pool & Spa Accessories


Grills
Charcoal Grills
Deep Fryers & Pans
Gas Grills
Grill Accessories
Grilling Aprons
Seasonings
Woodpellet Grills


Lawn Decor & Lighting
Flower Pots
Garden Flags
Lawn Ornaments
Plant Hangers
Wind Chimes & Spinners


Patio Furniture
Lawn Chairs & Furniture
Patio Chairs 
Storage
Umbrellas




Paint
Driveway, Roof & Concrete Repair
Concrete Patch & Repair
Driveway Sealers
Roof Repairs


Ladders
Ladders & Accessories
Step Ladders & Stools


Paint Application
Brushes
Drop Clothes & Accessories
Extension Handles
Power Painting
Putty Knives & Scrapers
Rollers & Applicators


Paint
Barn Paint
Colorants & Sales Aids
Epoxy & Resurfacing
Exterior Paint
Exterior Stain & Waterproofing
Floor & Deck Paint
Interior Paint
Interior Stain & Polyurethane
Primers 
Specialty Paint
Spray Paint


Surface Prep
Deck Cleaner
Patch & Repair
Plaster & Finish Coat
Sand Paper & Steel Wool
Solvents & Strippers
Tile Repair
Wood Fillers, Putty & Touch-Up


Tapes, Adhesives & Caulk
Adhesives
Caulk & Guns
Stretch Plastic
Tapes


Wallpaper Accessories
Wallpaper & Accessories


Window & Screen Repair
Glass
Mirrors
Plexiglass
Screen Repair
Window Repair & Tools
Window Treatments




Pet Supplies
Pet Accessories
Cat Supplies
Cat Toys
Collars, Harnesses & Leads
Dog Toys
Medication & Grooming
Pet Bedding
Pet Bowl & Feeders
Pet Houses & Kennels
Small Animal Supplies
Tie Outs & Pet Doors
Yard & Bark Trainers


Pet Foods
Cat Food
Dog Food
Dog Treats
Other Treats & Food




Plumbing
Fixtures & Repair Parts
Drain Chemicals
Drain Repair
Drain Snakes
Faucet Repair
Faucets
Garbage Disposals & Supplies
Home Fixtures
Ice Maker Repairs
PVC Glue & Cleaners
Pipe Joint Compounds
Plumbing Tools
Shower & Bath Accessories
Supply Line
Supply Shutoff
Toilet Repairs
Toilet Seats
Toilets
Water Filters


Heating & Cooling
Air Conditioners & Filters
Air Purifiers & Accessories
Dehumidifers & Accessories
Electric Heaters
Furnace Filters
Gas Tubing & Fittings
Heat Tape & Pipe Insulation
Humidifers & Accessories
LP & Kerosene Heaters
LP Gas Adaptors
Misc. Heating
Registers, Ducts, Vents & Hoods
Stainless Steel Doublewall Pipe
Stove Pipe - Black
Stove Pipe - Galvanized
Thermostats
Woodburner Supplies


Hose & Accessories
Other Hose


Laundry Repair Parts
Dryer Vent & Accessories
Washer Hose & Drains


Pipe Fittings
Black Steel Pipe Fittings
Brass Compression Fittings
Brass Fittings
Brass Valves
CPVC Pipe Fittings
Check Valves
Drain Tile Fittings
Fernco Rubber Flex Fittings
Flare Fittings
Galvanized Pipe Fittings
Hose Clamps
Hydrants
Insert Fittings - Brass
Insert Fittings - Poly
Insert Fittings - Steel
PVC Drain Pipe Fittings
PVC Pressure Pipe Fittings
PVC Valves
Pex Pipe Fittings - Brass
Pex Pipe Fittings - Poly
Pex Tools
Pex Valves
Pipe Clamps
Shark Bite Fittings - Brass
Shark Bite Fittings - Poly
Sweat Fittings


Pipe 
Black Steel Pipe
CPVC Pipe
Drain Tile
Galvanized Pipe
Hard Copper Pipe
PVC Drain Pipe 
PVC Pipe
PVC Pressure Pipe
Pex Pipe
Plastic Pipe
Soft Copper Pipe


Pumps
Pump Accessories
Pump Hose
Pumps


Sprayer Parts
Fimco Sprayers


Water Heaters & Conditioners
Water Heaters & Conditioners
Water Heaters Parts




Sporting Goods
Fishing
Bait
Hooks, Lures & Lines
Other Fishing
Poles & Reels
Waders & Life Jackets
Watercraft Accessories


Hunting
Binoculars
Black Powder
Deer Food Plot
Game Calls, Scents & Other
Gun Cases
Gun Cleaning
Other Hunting
Shells - Shot & Rifle
Slingshots, Pellet & BB Guns
Targets


Knives
Filet Knives
Hunting Knives
Knife Sharpeners


Outdoor Recreational
Camping Grills & Accessories
Camping
RV Parts & Supplies


Sporting Games & Equipment
Balls & Equipment
Games
Swimming




Tools
Drywall, Tile & Masonary
Drywall Tools 
Masonry Tools
Tile & Grout Tools


Hand Tools
Allen Wrenches
Chalk & Chalk Line
Chisels
Clamps & Vises
Files
Hammers 
Hand Saws
Levels & Marking
Magnets & Misc
Marking Flags
Mason Line
Measures 
Pipe Wrenches & Bolt Cutters
Pliers
Pry Bars
Punches
Saw Horses
Screwdrivers
Siding Tools
Snips
Sockets 
Specialty Hand Tools
Tap, Dies & Extractors
Tool Sets
Utility Knives & Blades
Wrenches


Power Tool Accessories
Band Saw Blades
Circular Saw Blades
Dremel Accessories
Drill Bits
Hole Saw
Jigsaw Blades
Misc. Accessories
Power Accessories
Power Sanding Accessories
Rotary Accessories
Sawzal Blades
Screwdriver Bits


Power Tools
Air Power Tools
Grinders
Impacts
Misc. Power Tools
Power Drills
Power Saws
Sanders
Tool Sets


Safety
Eye Protection
Hearing Protection
Knee Protection
Respirators & Masks
Safety & Back Supports


Shop Equipment
Air Compressors & Parts
Air Hose & Fittings
Generators
Hand Carts
Pressure Washers & Accessories
Shop Vacs & Accessories


Tool Organizers
Tool Bag & Accessories
Tool Boxes & Organizers


Welding & Cutting
Torches & Soldering
Welders
Welding Accessories
Welding Cutting & Grinding
Welding Rod & Wire
Welding Shields & Gloves




Toys
Activities & Learning
Bike Accessories & Parts
Bikes
Dolls & Accessories
Farm & Industrial
Games & Puzzles
Infant Toys
Misc Toys
Playground Equip & Accessories
Plush Animals
Pretend Play
Sports & Activities
Tricycles
Wagons










Menu
LoginForgot password?DepartmentsSearchLogoutProduct RecallsHistoryPrivacyLegalReturn PolicyShippingFAQs








Bailey St. Bernard
Back



DepartmentsToysPlush AnimalsBailey St. Bernard




Bailey St. Bernard
 no reviews for this product. Login to place a review.




 





 $12.99/ EA


Enter Quantity









Add to Cart






Bailey St. Bernard
MSRP
U/M/ EA
Price $12.99
Core
Part Number 23032
Quantity Available 
ETA




















Customer Service
Contact Us
FAQs
Shipping
Return Policy
Product Recalls


Our Company
Privacy Statement
History
Legal Notice

Copyright © 2016 - Fisk Farm & Home | All Rights Reserved.

		603 Hwy 18 West, Monona, IA 52159  (563) 539-2405

		625 2nd Ave SW, Cresco, IA 52136  (563) 547-2492

		915 Short St. Suite 143, Decorah, IA (563) 382-8822
























 


Bernard C. Bailey      









Policy IssuesCollege and Career ReadyEarly LearningEssential CompetenciesFiscal HealthHealth Care ReformMoney in PoliticsPostsecondary EducationSustainable CapitalismWomen’s Economic ContributionView AllResearchEventsEventsAnnual Dinner
BOOK: SUSTAINING CAPITALISMBlogPress RoomAboutLetter From The CEOHistoryPeopleAnnual ReportsCareersDonateContact CEDThe Conference BoardPeopleBernard C. BaileyChairman and CEOAuthentix

Subcommittees

Sustainable Capitalism

Member
Policy and Impact Committee


@CEDUpdate
#Healthcare is the cause of all increased projected federal gov't non-interest spending. Check out our latest repor… twitter.com/i/web/status/8…

The Committee for Economic Development of The Conference Board (CED) is a nonprofit, nonpartisan, business-led public policy organization that delivers well-researched analysis and reasoned solutions to our nation’s most critical issues.1530 Wilson Blvd, Suite 400, Arlington, VA 22209   |   Map









SITE POWERED BY EXPRESSION ENGINE | ©2017

×
             



      Board of Directors - Analogic Corporation
    









































































Skip to main content































Main Menu



























                          
                           Board of Directors
                          

















































2016 Annual Report and Shareholder Letter





















Fact Sheet





















Investor Presentation
















Show all 



Mr. Bernard Bailey
Chairman




	Dr. Bernard C. Bailey has been chief executive officer and chairman of the board of Authentix, Inc., a global leader in authentication and provider of brand protection, excise tax recovery, and supply chain security solutions to governments and Fortune 500 companies, since 2012. From 2006 until 2012, Dr. Bailey served as president of Paraquis Solutions, LLC, a consulting firm to companies in the defense and security industries focused on strategy, change transformation, mergers and acquisitions, and corporate governance. From 2002 to 2006, Dr. Bailey was president and chief executive officer of L-1 Identity Solutions, Inc. (previously Viisage Technology, Inc.), a developer of advanced technology identity solutions for governments, law enforcement agencies, and corporations. Dr. Bailey previously served as chief operating officer of Art Technology Group, a developer and marketer of e-commerce software solutions, and in various executive positions during a seventeen-year career at IBM Corporation. Dr. Bailey also serves as a director for the Telos Corporation. He has previously served on the boards of directors of the following publicly traded companies: Lasercard Corporation, EF Johnson Technologies, Inc., Spectrum Control Inc., Identive Group Inc., and Point Blank Solutions, Inc.

   Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee





Mr. Jeffrey P. Black




Mr. Jeffrey P. Black was chief executive officer of Teleflex Incorporated, a diversified medical device company, from 2002-2011. His twenty-seven year tenure with Teleflex also included roles as group president of Teleflex Industrial and president of Teleflex Fluid Systems, a provider of engineered systems to OEM customers. Mr. Black served on the board of Teleflex from 2002-2011, and was chairman from 2006-2011. He has also served on the board of Sunoptic Technologies, a privately held provider of illumination and imaging products and services for OEM medical and industrial customers and end-user surgical products, since 1998. 

   Member of the Audit Committee

   Chair of the Compensation Committee





Mr. James J. Judge





	Mr. James J. Judge has been executive vice president and chief financial officer of Eversource Energy (formerly Northeast Utilities), New England’s largest energy delivery company, since 2012. From 1999 until 2012, he was senior vice president and chief financial officer of NSTAR, a publicly held electric and gas utility company.  Jim joined Boston Edison in 1977 and held various positions in the rates, treasury, strategic planning and financial management organizations prior to his appointment in 1995 as the company’s chief financial officer. He was a principal negotiator in the merger with Commonwealth Energy Systems in 1999 that created NSTAR. Jim continued to serve as CFO of the new company, directing the treasury, accounting, rates, investor relations, supply chain, performance management, and information systems organizations. He was a key negotiator in the 2012 merger between Northeast Utilities and NSTAR and was elected to his current position subsequent to that merger. He holds both a master’s degree and a bachelor of science in business administration from Babson College.

   Chair of the Audit Committee

   Member of the Compensation Committee





Dr. Michael T. Modic





	Dr. Michael T. Modic is the chief clinical transformation officer for the Cleveland Clinic Health System, a position he has held since January of 2015. He has also chaired the Capital Review Committee of the Cleveland Clinic since 1995. He previously served in a number of key roles at the Cleveland Clinic, including the chairman of the Neurological Institute from 2006 through 2015, chairman of the Division of Radiology from 1989 through 2005, and as a member of the Board of Governors from 2000 to 2005. He is currently a professor of radiology, Cleveland Clinic Lerner College of Medicine at Case Western Reserve University. He was previously a professor of radiology at The Ohio State University College of Medicine and Public Health and professor of radiology and neurosurgery at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine. Dr. Modic has served on the editorial boards of the journals Radiology, American Journal of Neuroradiology, Magnetic Resonance in Medicine, and Magnetic Resonance Imaging.

   Member of the Compensation Committee

   Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee





Mr. Stephen A. Odland





	Mr. Steve Odland has been president and chief executive officer of the Committee for Economic Development, a non-profit, public policy organization, since 2013. Prior to that he was an adjunct professor in the graduate school of business at Lynn University and at Florida Atlantic University from 2011 to 2012. Mr. Odland served as chairman and chief executive officer of Office Depot, Inc. from 2005 until 2010. From 2001 to 2005 he was chairman and chief executive officer of AutoZone, Inc. From 1998 to 2000 he served as an executive with Ahold U.S.A., an international food retailer. He was president of the Foodservice Division of Sara Lee Bakery from 1997 to 1998, and was employed by The Quaker Oats Company from 1981 to 1996. Mr. Odland has served on the board of General Mills, Inc. since 2004, where he is a member of the Corporate Governance and Compensation Committees. He also serves as a trustee of the Conference Board, a global, independent business membership and research association working to provide the world’s leading organizations with the practical knowledge they need to improve their performance and better serve society.

   Member of the Audit Committee

   Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee





Dr. Fred B. Parks
President and Chief Executive Officer





	Fred has served on Analogic’s Board of Directors since 2007 as the company transitioned into a market leading, growth oriented medical technology company. Prior to joining Analogic, he served as the executive chairman and chief executive officer of Enovate Medical since 2015. He previously served as chief executive officer and director of NDS Surgical Imaging, Inc., a provider of advanced medical visualization technology, from 2011 to 2013. Fred was also chairman of the board and chief executive officer of Urologix, Inc. from 2003 to 2008. Prior to joining Urologix, Fred served as president and chief executive officer of Marconi Medical Systems, a provider of advanced CT, MRI, and nuclear medicine imaging equipment, and following its acquisition by Royal Philips Electronics in 2001, led its integration into the Philips medical business. Previously, Fred held positions as president, chief operating officer, and board member of St. Jude Medical, Inc., a medical device company focusing on implantable cardiovascular products, and as president, chief operating officer, and board member of EG&G, Inc. (now PerkinElmer), a diversified technology company.

	Fred earned a BS in mechanical engineering from University of Missouri-Rolla, an MS in mechanical engineering from University of Arizona, and a PhD in mechanical engineering from University of Missouri.






Display all Bios


 

Audit


Compensation


Nominating and Governance




Mr. Bernard Bailey





Mr. Bernard Bailey
Chairman 
	Dr. Bernard C. Bailey has been chief executive officer and chairman of the board of Authentix, Inc., a global leader in authentication and provider of brand protection, excise tax recovery, and supply chain security solutions to governments and Fortune 500 companies, since 2012. From 2006 until 2012, Dr. Bailey served as president of Paraquis Solutions, LLC, a consulting firm to companies in the defense and security industries focused on strategy, change transformation, mergers and acquisitions, and corporate governance. From 2002 to 2006, Dr. Bailey was president and chief executive officer of L-1 Identity Solutions, Inc. (previously Viisage Technology, Inc.), a developer of advanced technology identity solutions for governments, law enforcement agencies, and corporations. Dr. Bailey previously served as chief operating officer of Art Technology Group, a developer and marketer of e-commerce software solutions, and in various executive positions during a seventeen-year career at IBM Corporation. Dr. Bailey also serves as a director for the Telos Corporation. He has previously served on the boards of directors of the following publicly traded companies: Lasercard Corporation, EF Johnson Technologies, Inc., Spectrum Control Inc., Identive Group Inc., and Point Blank Solutions, Inc.




        
           
        
      

        
           
        
      






Mr. Jeffrey P. Black




Mr. Jeffrey P. Black
Mr. Jeffrey P. Black was chief executive officer of Teleflex Incorporated, a diversified medical device company, from 2002-2011. His twenty-seven year tenure with Teleflex also included roles as group president of Teleflex Industrial and president of Teleflex Fluid Systems, a provider of engineered systems to OEM customers. Mr. Black served on the board of Teleflex from 2002-2011, and was chairman from 2006-2011. He has also served on the board of Sunoptic Technologies, a privately held provider of illumination and imaging products and services for OEM medical and industrial customers and end-user surgical products, since 1998. 










        
           
        
      



Mr. James J. Judge




Mr. James J. Judge

	Mr. James J. Judge has been executive vice president and chief financial officer of Eversource Energy (formerly Northeast Utilities), New England’s largest energy delivery company, since 2012. From 1999 until 2012, he was senior vice president and chief financial officer of NSTAR, a publicly held electric and gas utility company.  Jim joined Boston Edison in 1977 and held various positions in the rates, treasury, strategic planning and financial management organizations prior to his appointment in 1995 as the company’s chief financial officer. He was a principal negotiator in the merger with Commonwealth Energy Systems in 1999 that created NSTAR. Jim continued to serve as CFO of the new company, directing the treasury, accounting, rates, investor relations, supply chain, performance management, and information systems organizations. He was a key negotiator in the 2012 merger between Northeast Utilities and NSTAR and was elected to his current position subsequent to that merger. He holds both a master’s degree and a bachelor of science in business administration from Babson College.










        
           
        
      



Dr. Michael T. Modic




Dr. Michael T. Modic

	Dr. Michael T. Modic is the chief clinical transformation officer for the Cleveland Clinic Health System, a position he has held since January of 2015. He has also chaired the Capital Review Committee of the Cleveland Clinic since 1995. He previously served in a number of key roles at the Cleveland Clinic, including the chairman of the Neurological Institute from 2006 through 2015, chairman of the Division of Radiology from 1989 through 2005, and as a member of the Board of Governors from 2000 to 2005. He is currently a professor of radiology, Cleveland Clinic Lerner College of Medicine at Case Western Reserve University. He was previously a professor of radiology at The Ohio State University College of Medicine and Public Health and professor of radiology and neurosurgery at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine. Dr. Modic has served on the editorial boards of the journals Radiology, American Journal of Neuroradiology, Magnetic Resonance in Medicine, and Magnetic Resonance Imaging.




        
           
        
      









Mr. Stephen A. Odland




Mr. Stephen A. Odland

	Mr. Steve Odland has been president and chief executive officer of the Committee for Economic Development, a non-profit, public policy organization, since 2013. Prior to that he was an adjunct professor in the graduate school of business at Lynn University and at Florida Atlantic University from 2011 to 2012. Mr. Odland served as chairman and chief executive officer of Office Depot, Inc. from 2005 until 2010. From 2001 to 2005 he was chairman and chief executive officer of AutoZone, Inc. From 1998 to 2000 he served as an executive with Ahold U.S.A., an international food retailer. He was president of the Foodservice Division of Sara Lee Bakery from 1997 to 1998, and was employed by The Quaker Oats Company from 1981 to 1996. Mr. Odland has served on the board of General Mills, Inc. since 2004, where he is a member of the Corporate Governance and Compensation Committees. He also serves as a trustee of the Conference Board, a global, independent business membership and research association working to provide the world’s leading organizations with the practical knowledge they need to improve their performance and better serve society.







        
           
        
      






Dr. Fred B. Parks





Dr. Fred B. Parks
President and Chief Executive Officer 
	Fred has served on Analogic’s Board of Directors since 2007 as the company transitioned into a market leading, growth oriented medical technology company. Prior to joining Analogic, he served as the executive chairman and chief executive officer of Enovate Medical since 2015. He previously served as chief executive officer and director of NDS Surgical Imaging, Inc., a provider of advanced medical visualization technology, from 2011 to 2013. Fred was also chairman of the board and chief executive officer of Urologix, Inc. from 2003 to 2008. Prior to joining Urologix, Fred served as president and chief executive officer of Marconi Medical Systems, a provider of advanced CT, MRI, and nuclear medicine imaging equipment, and following its acquisition by Royal Philips Electronics in 2001, led its integration into the Philips medical business. Previously, Fred held positions as president, chief operating officer, and board member of St. Jude Medical, Inc., a medical device company focusing on implantable cardiovascular products, and as president, chief operating officer, and board member of EG&G, Inc. (now PerkinElmer), a diversified technology company.

	Fred earned a BS in mechanical engineering from University of Missouri-Rolla, an MS in mechanical engineering from University of Arizona, and a PhD in mechanical engineering from University of Missouri.




        
           
        
      

        
           
        
      

        
           
        
      



 = Chair of the Board
	 = Chair
	 = Member  
	


 


Shareholder Briefcase
Printed Materials
Email Alerts
 Download Library
Snapshot
RSS News Feeds
Print






Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Twitter
Email
RSS



















































  



Bernard C. Bailey, Former Viisage Technology President and CEO, Joins USBX Advisory Services in Washington, D.C. | Business Wire


























































Bernard C. Bailey, Former Viisage Technology President and CEO, Joins 
      USBX Advisory Services in Washington, D.C.






November 28, 2006 11:14 AM Eastern Standard Time



WASHINGTON, D.C.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--USBX Advisory Services, LLC, a leading investment bank to the security 
      and government services markets, has appointed Bernard C. Bailey 
      CEO in Residence of its new Washington, D.C. office.
    


      In his new role, Bailey will provide USBX clients with strategic M&A 
      counsel, practical perspective on the viability of M&A activities and 
      general strategic advisory services.
    

      Bailey’s strong M&A and Strategy experience 
      comes from his role as former President and CEO of Viisage Technology, 
      now part of L-1 Identity Solutions (NYSE:ID), the largest biometric 
      company in the security market. He led the company, in most cases with 
      USBX advisory involvement, through nine acquisitions and many capital 
      formation events. During his four-year tenure Viisage’s 
      market capitalization grew from $60 million to over $1 billion as part 
      of L-1.
    

      "Bernard brings top level experience and remarkable success in the M&A 
      market to USBX and its new office in Washington, D.C.," said John E. 
      Mack, III, Founder and CEO of USBX Advisory Services. "As CEO in 
      Residence, Bernard will provide high-level leadership and invaluable 
      insight to both our clients and the USBX team about the growing 
      Government and Homeland Security markets."
    

      Steve Ritterbush, the head of the new USBX office in Washington, D.C., 
      commented, "I look forward to working with Bernard with the significant 
      opportunity in front of us in the Homeland Security market."
    

      About Bernard C. Bailey:
    

Bernard C. Bailey’s experience in the 
      high technology and security markets spans two decades. He has held 
      executive positions with Viisage Technology, Art Technology Group and 
      IBM. Bailey most recently served as President and CEO of Viisage 
      Technology, which recently formed into L1 Identity Solutions after nine 
      acquisitions which grew the company to over $1 billion in market 
      capitalization. Prior to Viisage Technology he served as COO of ATG, a 
      leading provider of eCommerce software. At IBM, Bailey held several 
      senior finance, sales, marketing and operation roles during his 17 years 
      with the company.
    

      About USBX Advisory Services, LLC
    

USBX Advisory Services, LLC is a leading boutique Investment Bank 
      providing Mergers & Acquisitions, institutional Private Placement and 
      related Strategic Advisory services to middle-market companies and 
      private equity groups. The USBX value proposition centers on delivering 
      true ‘wall street’ 
      level transaction skills and deep domain knowledge complemented by 
      industry operating experience. The firm has built a strong reputation in 
      the Security, Technology, Consumer, and Business Services sectors as 
      well as a solid foundation of general experience in serving clients in 
      any industry. USBX Partners leading the firm are former industry 
      executives or major bracket senior investment bankers that have managed 
      and negotiated over 500 transactions including engagements involving 
      some of the most successful corporations and private equity groups in 
      the world. USBX is a NASD and SIPC Member, with offices in Los Angeles 
      and Washington, D.C. For more information, visit www.usbx.com.



Contacts

      Eclipse Media GroupChelsie Woods, 207-510-0029207-730-2396 
      (mobile)cwoods@eclipsemediagroup.netAndrea 
      Gural, 207-319-7372207-233-7507 (mobile)agural@eclipsemediagroup.net













Contacts

      Eclipse Media GroupChelsie Woods, 207-510-0029207-730-2396 
      (mobile)cwoods@eclipsemediagroup.netAndrea 
      Gural, 207-319-7372207-233-7507 (mobile)agural@eclipsemediagroup.net







 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up












Board of Directors – Authentix       Board of DirectorsHomeAbout UsBoard of Directors  Go BackNAVIGATIONMission & ValuesWhat Sets Us ApartCompany HistoryExecutive TeamBoard of DirectorsCareersTop Ten Reasons To Join AuthentixNext Steps After ApplyingNews & UpdatesContact UsBoard of DirectorsBernard C. Bailey, Ph.D.Chairman and CEODr. Bernard Bailey serves as the company’s Chairman and CEO. His career spans over three decades of management experience in the high technology and security industries.Previously, Dr. Bailey has served as the CEO of several publicly-traded and privately-held firms including Viisage Technology, Inc., which, after a number of acquisitions, was renamed L-1 Identity Solutions, a NYSE listed company which was eventually sold to the Safran Group.Steve BaileyManaging Director, The Carlyle GroupSteve Bailey is a Managing Director at The Carlyle Group. He is primarily focused on middle market buyout and growth capital investment opportunities in software, tech-enabled services and business services sectors. Prior to joining Carlyle in 2005, Mr. Bailey served as Vice President and head of Corporate Development at Dell; Principal with ABS Capital Partners; and, in the investment banking division of Alex Brown.Lee BarberitoChairman and CEO, Manti Resources, Inc.Mr. Barberito is Chairman and CEO of Manti Resources, Inc., a privately held enterprise that invests, operates, and manages primarily in energy, bioscience, advanced technologies, and real estate. The company was founded by Mr. Barberito in 1989 and is headquartered in Covington, LA with operations worldwide.Mr. Barberito is an active member of numerous industry organizations including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce …Michael G. GozyckiPrincipal, The Carlyle GroupMichael G. Gozycki is a Principal with The Carlyle Group’s U.S. Growth Capital and the U.S. Equity Opportunity funds, focusing on a broad range of small and middle market equity transactions.Mr. Gozycki received an M.B.A. from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth, where he was a Research Fellow in the Glassmeyer/McNamee Center for Digital Strategies and an A.B. in history from the College of the Holy Cross.Paul R. ViganoCo-Managing Partner, J.H. WhitneyPaul R. Vigano has served as Co-Managing Partner at J.H. Whitney, a Connecticut-based private equity firm, since 2010 and has been a Managing Director since 2001. Mr. Vigano joined J.H. Whitney in 1998. Prior to joining J.H. Whitney, he was a member of the mergers and acquisitions group at Goldman, Sachs & Co.Mr. Vigano holds a B.B.A. degree from the University of Michigan, where he graduated Phi Beta Kappa …  ×    ↑ Executive Team – Authentix       Executive TeamHomeAbout UsExecutive Team  Go BackNAVIGATIONMission & ValuesWhat Sets Us ApartCompany HistoryExecutive TeamBoard of DirectorsCareersTop Ten Reasons To Join AuthentixNext Steps After ApplyingNews & UpdatesContact UsExecutive TeamBernard C. Bailey, Ph.D.Chairman and CEODr. Bernard Bailey serves as the company’s Chairman and CEO. His career spans over three decades of management experience in the high technology and security industries.Previously, Dr. Bailey has served as the CEO of several publicly-traded and privately-held firms including Viisage Technology, Inc., which, after a number of acquisitions, was renamed L-1 Identity Solutions, a NYSE listed company which was eventually sold to the Safran Group. Prior to Viisage, Dr. Bailey was with the IBM Corporation, where he served in a variety of executive positions within IBM Global Services and also served as the Chief Operating Officer of Art Technology Group, a leading provider of ecommerce software solutions which was eventually sold to Oracle Corporation.A graduate of the U.S. Naval Academy, Dr. Bailey served for eight years as an officer in the US Navy. He holds advanced degrees in engineering from the University of California – Berkeley and the University of Southern California, an MBA from George Washington University and a PhD in Management from Case Western Reserve University.Kevin McKennaPresident, Oil and Gas DivisionKevin McKenna is President of the Oil & Gas Division, which provides programs for governments to combat fuel adulteration, smuggling and subsidy abuse and for oil marketing companies to protect their brands. He leads the division’s overall strategy, technology development and program execution in support of clients worldwide.Mr. McKenna brings more than 20 years of leadership experience, most recently serving as Vice President of Sales, Americas for HID Government ID Solutions. He has also served as Vice President of Sales for LaserCard and was Director of Government Solutions for L-1 Identity Solutions. Mr. McKenna began his career at IBM Global Services.Mr. McKenna served for seven years as an Aviation Officer in the US Army following his graduation from the United States Military Academy at West Point and holds an MS degree in Engineering Management from the Missouri University of Science & Technology.Mohamed Lazzouni, Ph.D.Chief Operating OfficerDr. Mohamed Lazzouni is Chief Operating Officer responsible for both designing and building products for our three primary business units – Oil & Gas, Brand, and Currency & Tax Stamp. In addition, he leads the Currency and Tax Stamp interests of the company, guiding the team dedicated to providing excise tax recovery and banknote authentication solutions to governments and central banks around the world.Dr. Lazzouni brings to the company a wealth of expertise, patents and a renowned reputation for taking complex identification and security technology to commercial maturity across a wide range of markets. Previously, he was the Chief Technology Officer of a number of companies including Viisage Technology, Inc., L-1 Identity Solutions and MorphoTrust USA.Dr. Lazzouni has also held the CTO position at EMC Corporation’s Internet Services Group.Dr. Lazzouni holds a Ph.D. degree in Physics from Oxford University and a Masters in Physics from The University of London.Jeff KuppChief Financial Officer and PresidentJeff Kupp serves as CFO and President. Mr. Kupp has more than 20 years of financial and operations experience having served as CFO of public and private companies operating in the high technology, software, manufacturing and services sectors.Prior to joining Authentix in 2011, Mr. Kupp served as CFO for a number of successful telecommunications and technology companies, including Microtune, Inc., Inet Technologies, Inc., IEX Corporation and CS Wireless Systems. He has also served as a Director at DSC Communications Corporation.Mr. Kupp began his career at Ernst & Young, LLP as an auditor and then as a management consultant. A Certified Public Accountant, Mr. Kupp holds an MBA from Cornell University and a BA in Accounting and Computer Science from Asbury College.Mark L. WeintrubChief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and SecretaryMark L. Weintrub brings more than 27 years of combined experience in business operations, regulatory compliance and legal management to the leadership team, overseeing all legal and administrative activities for the company.Mr. Weintrub previously served as Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer & Chief Compliance Officer for General Nutrition Centers, Inc.Mr. Weintrub holds a BS/BA from the University of Missouri School of Business and Public Administration and obtained his law degree from Oklahoma City University School of Law in 1986. He is a long-standing member of the American Bar Association, the Association of Corporate Counsel and is licensed to practice law in the States of Texas, Oklahoma and Pennsylvania.Holly TsouridesSr. Vice President and Chief Marketing OfficerHolly Tsourides is a Senior Vice President and the Chief Marketing Officer. She is responsible for providing strategic direction and marketing vision for the Authentix businesses by overseeing the planning, development and execution of the organization’s marketing, sales enablement and communications initiatives. She is also responsible for strategic planning and identifying new market opportunities for the company.Ms. Tsourides brings with her a successful twenty-year history in the electronic security industry in senior executive leadership roles including CSMO, President, and CEO at several organizations including VideoIQ, The Stanley Works, and Matrix Systems Holdings. She began her career as a sales executive with GE Infrastructure’s security division.Her responsibilities spanned strategic planning, global sales and marketing, and developing new markets.Ms. Tsourides holds a B.A. in Political Science from Boston University.Tim Driscoll, Ph.D.Vice President and General Manager, Currency & Tax StampDr. Tim Driscoll is the Vice President and General Manager of Currency and Tax Stamp at Authentix. The Currency and Tax Stamp business unit works both directly with Central Banks and revenue agencies as well as with key partners supporting the end clients. His deep technical expertise and strong interpersonal skills have made him an effective business leader and trusted partner to clients.Previously, Dr. Driscoll was employed by Spectra Systems, serving as VP, Materials Engineering and VP, Business Development. At Spectra Systems, he was responsible for the design, development, and implementation of advanced optical security feature platforms for banknotes, passports, and brand product authentication.Dr. Driscoll holds a Ph.D. and Masters degree in Physics from Brown University and a B.S. in Physics from Renssealaer Polytechnic Institute. Following his Ph.D., Dr. Driscoll conducted his post-doctoral studies at the L’Ecole Polytechnique in Palaiseau, France.David SchneiderVice President and General Manager, BrandDavid Schneider is Vice-President and General Manager of the Brand Business Unit at Authentix, which provides brand protection, product authentication, supply chain security and excise tax recovery solutions to governments and Fortune 500 companies around the world. He is responsible for managing the Brand Business Unit and the Brand Services delivery group including sales and the successful delivery of all Brand client engagements.Prior to Authentix, Mr. Schneider worked for 30 years in the Information Technology field with IBM. From 2000 to 2012, Mr. Schneider was responsible for leading a large Application Development Consulting Practice for IBM’s Global Business Services Division. Mr. Schneider was responsible for managing the East Region Practice of over 450 delivery consultants. Mr. Schneider created the East Region Practice from its inception. He has extensive practical experience in leading services organizations, engagement management, systems integration and project management.Mr. Schneider holds a Bachelors of Science Degree in Computer Science from the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign.Jeff Conroy, Ph.D.Chief Science OfficerJeff Conroy, Ph.D., serves as Chief Science Officer, advancing authentication technologies to deliver superior products. Dr. Conroy has 16 years of experience in technology and business development in the areas of high performance materials, focused on product development with emerging technologies. Today as CSO, he organizes and oversees the technology development activities across Authentix businesses including materials and device development.Prior to joining Authentix, Dr. Conroy served as a Chemistry Group Lead at Spectra Systems Corporation where he oversaw the development of a proprietary marking technology for the play side of optical discs and covert currency authentication on high speed banknote printers. Prior to Spectra Systems, Dr. Conroy served as Senior Scientist and Vice President of Eikos, Inc., where he was a program manager on a variety of DoD and NASA programs related to high performance composite and optical materials.Dr. Conroy has a Ph.D. in Chemistry from Brown University and a B.S. in Chemistry from the University of Massachusetts at Lowell.Joel WittChief EngineerJoel Witt serves as Chief Engineer, providing technical guidance to development teams across the Authentix businesses. Mr. Witt has over 35 years of experience in developing complex hardware systems, and since joining Authentix in 2008, has acted as technical lead in developing a broad range of authentication devices for the oil and gas, brand protection, and currency markets.Prior to joining Authentix, Mr. Witt held a wide range of technical contributor and leadership roles in companies throughout the technology sector. The experience he gained while developing equipment for the semiconductor, automation, telecom, and dental CAD/CAM markets has prepared him to effectively lead multidisciplinary engineering teams in the development of complex systems.Mr. Witt holds a BS degree with emphasis on Physics and Mathematics from Stephen F. Austin State University.Cathy WoodsonDirector, Human ResourcesCathy Woodson’s responsibilities focus on recruiting and retaining the best engineers, technicians and support staff to ensure that the company meets its technical, customer delivery and financial goals while aligning to its corporate values.Cathy brings over 20 years of human resources, immigration, recruiting and acquisition integration experience in the high technology and telecommunications industries. Previously, she served as Regional HR Director with Aircom International, Ubee-AirWalk, and Marconi Wireless. She has a certification as a Professional in Human Resources (PHR) and a Society of Human Resources Certified Professional (SHRM-CP).  ×    ↑  



Authentix Names Bernard C. Bailey Chairman and CEO | Business Wire
























































Authentix Names Bernard C. Bailey Chairman and CEO






October 10, 2012 12:00 PM Eastern Daylight Time



DALLAS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Authentix, 
      the global leaders in authentication, today announced that its board of 
      directors has appointed Bernard C. Bailey as Chairman and Chief 
      Executive Officer, effective immediately. Mr. Bailey, a 30-year veteran 
      of the security and high tech industries, has served on the Authentix 
      board of directors since 2011. He succeeds David Moxam, who served as 
      Chairman and CEO for Authentix since 2002.



“Bernard Bailey is an industry visionary with a proven track 
      record of success,” said Stephen W. Bailey*, Managing Director of The 
      Carlyle Group and Member of the Authentix Board of 
      Directors. “Bernard has the leadership and operational skills to take 
      Authentix to the next level of growth and success.”


“I’m excited and honored to have the opportunity to lead 
      Authentix,” said Bernard Bailey. “The combination of world class 
      technology, premier customers and an exceptional team of industry 
      experts is a great platform that positions the company well for 
      continued expansion and growth.”


Mr. Bailey served as President and CEO of Viisage Technology, 
      Inc., a provider of advanced technology identity solutions. During his 
      four years of leadership, Viisage’s market capitalization grew from $60 
      million to $1 billion. In that period the company executed nine 
      acquisitions, culminating in the formation of L-1 Identity Solutions. He 
      has also served as Chief Operating Officer for Art Technology Group 
      (ATG), an e-commerce software provider, and worked for 17 years at IBM 
      where he held executive roles that contributed to the development of IBM 
      Global Service's systems integration and consulting business lines.


Speaking on behalf of the board, Stephen W. Bailey said, “We 
      appreciate David Moxam’s leadership and service to Authentix. Over the 
      past ten years, David built an exceptional team that has allowed 
      Authentix to emerge as the industry’s leading ‘pure-play’ authentication 
      company, pioneering many advanced technology firsts, while providing 
      significant benefits to our global customers.”


*Messrs. Bailey and Bailey are not related.


About Authentix


Authentix®, 
      the global leaders in authentication, provides brand protection, excise 
      tax recovery, and supply chain security solutions to governments and 
      Fortune 500 companies around the world. Authentix safeguards clients in 
      the oil and gas, pharmaceutical and consumer goods industries from 
      counterfeiting, smuggling and adulteration issues. In addition, 
      Authentix protects the currency of multiple industry leading central 
      banks. Innovative nano-scale engineering, serialization authentication 
      expertise and cutting-edge sensor knowledge help Authentix create 
      effective customized solutions that address each client's needs. To 
      date, Authentix has helped recover $11 billion in lost revenue for our 
      clients. www.authentix.com





Contacts

AuthentixMarc Daigle, 469-737-4400Director, 
      Marketing and Creative
    













Release Summary
Authentix today announced that its board of directors has appointed Bernard C. Bailey as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, effective immediately.






Contacts

AuthentixMarc Daigle, 469-737-4400Director, 
      Marketing and Creative
    








 
 

 






Search




Advanced News Search

Advanced News Search













Log In
Sign Up



















  Bailey St. Bernard – Maziply Toys & Collectibles
  






















































Shop
Clearance
Specials
Events































Home
Bailey St. Bernard


Bailey St. Bernard






























Product Description





                            Default Title - Sold Out
                          





 





                        $ 14.99
                      




Super-soft Bailey St. Bernard will come to the rescue whenever you need a cuddly friend to hug! Made of high-quality plush with a weighted bottom, this charming stuffed animal features floppy ears and lifelike details. Surface washable.Bailey St. Bernard Details










Additional Product Information
Brand: Melissa & Doug

Toy Type: Plush and Stuffed Animals
Recommended Age: all ages
Size: 12 x 5 x 4
Weight: 0.55 lbs
UPC: 000772074810
Get your Bailey St. Bernard today!
                  




















User Reviews
Returns
Shipping








Maziply Toys & Collectibles is proud to offer a 30 day return policy on all items sold at the store or online, unless otherwise indicated. For detailed information, please read our full return policy.




Maziply Toys & Collectibles currently ships to the continental 48 states. Orders are processed withing one business day and usually arrive within 5 to 7 business days. Store pickup is also available at Maziply Toys & Collectibles at the Kingston Collection in Kingston, Massachusetts.
For more details, visit our Shipping Information & Store Pickup page.






Related Products










Quick View



1,2,3...Come Count with Me
Learning & Education
 $ 12.99 









1,2,3...Come Count with Me



$ 12.99
Find counting fun under every flap with this crinkling, shimmering, lift-the-flap book! With colorful illustrations, skill-developing activities like buttoning, and funny creatures like a turtle with wiggly feet and a tooth-brushing crocodile, this cloth book will be a favorite through story time, playtime, and the washing machine, too.
1,2,3......




More Info












Quick View



10 Jumbo Triangular Chalk Sticks - Melissa & Doug
Arts & Crafts
 $ 2.99 









10 Jumbo Triangular Chalk Sticks - Melissa & Doug



$ 2.99
Melissa & Doug toys are designed to nurture creativity and imagination. These awesome 10 Jumbo Triangular Chalk Sticks by Melissa and Doug embody their mission on providing quality toys and activities that create valuable learning experiences for your special little one! 
These Jumbo Triangular Chalk Sticks are much easier to use than the tr...




More Info








Sold Out




Quick View



100 Piece Circle of Friends Cardboard Jigsaw Puzzle
Puzzles
 $ 7.99 









100 Piece Circle of Friends Cardboard Jigsaw Puzzle



$ 7.99
With an exciting circular format, this friend-filled puzzle features a bold red heart at its center and 14 friends from many cultures holding hands all around it. Their colorful native costumes are rendered in paper-collage-style artwork that adds both warmth and a host of details to help with assembling the 100 sturdy cardboard pieces. Melissa ...




More Info








Sold Out




Quick View



100 Piece Coral Reef Cardboard Jigsaw Puzzle
Puzzles
 $ 7.99 









100 Piece Coral Reef Cardboard Jigsaw Puzzle



$ 7.99
Branching coral in pink, red, green, yellow, orange, and white offer plenty of colorful clues for solving this 100-piece cardboard jigsaw! Put them all together to complete a beautiful reef scene, complete with exotic fish swimming though the blue water. Melissa & Doug cardboard jigsaw puzzles are made using durable, high-quality materials a...




More Info








Sold Out




Quick View



100 Piece Horse Corral Cardboard Jigsaw Puzzle
Puzzles
 $ 7.99 









100 Piece Horse Corral Cardboard Jigsaw Puzzle



$ 7.99
Solve this 100-piece cardboard jigsaw puzzle to see a horse and foal peeking over the farm fence! Their shiny brown coats and breeze-blown manes offer lots of subtle variation to help with solving, as does the tree-filled background. Melissa & Doug cardboard jigsaw puzzles are made using durable, high-quality materials and handmade dies that...




More Info








Sold Out




Quick View



100 Piece Puppy Wagon Cardboard Jigsaw Puzzle
Puzzles
 $ 7.99 









100 Piece Puppy Wagon Cardboard Jigsaw Puzzle



$ 7.99
The 100-piece format is perfect for school-age kids and older—but the wagon full of puppies that’s pictured when they come together will melt hearts of all ages! Five golden retriever puppies fill the red metal wagon, big paws overhanging the side and adorable faces snuggled close together. What an adorable incentive to solve the puzzle! Melissa...




More Info












Quick View



100 Piece Sunrise Farm Cardboard Jigsaw Puzzle
Puzzles
 $ 7.99 









100 Piece Sunrise Farm Cardboard Jigsaw Puzzle



$ 7.99
As the sun rises over this bucolic farm, a rooster stands watch on the fencepost and a tractor stands by in the field beside the big red barn. In this 100-piece cardboard jigsaw puzzle, large, variegated areas of sunny sky, plowed field, and green grass make for enjoyable solving! Melissa & Doug cardboard jigsaw puzzles are made using durabl...




More Info








Sold Out




Quick View



100 Piece Wildlife Jubilee Cardboard Jigsaw Puzzle
Puzzles
 $ 7.99 









100 Piece Wildlife Jubilee Cardboard Jigsaw Puzzle



$ 7.99
A collection of wild animals from around the world comes together in this leafy scene. Piece together the 100 jigsaw pieces to spy a tiger, deer, toucan, and lemur peering through the brush! A huge variety of leaf shapes and colorful contrasts between the animals offer helpful clues to solving this intermediate-level puzzle, which is perfect for...




More Info












Quick View



100 Wood Blocks Set
Classic Toys
 $ 19.99 









100 Wood Blocks Set



$ 19.99
This favorite collection of 100 wooden blocks comes in four colors and nine shapes. Your little builder will delight in stacking, building, and knocking down in countless colorful combinations, and you'll know your child is gaining invaluable practice with fine motor skills and dexterity, color and shape recognition, and pre-math skills.
100 Woo...




More Info












Quick View



1000 pc Autumn Snapshots Cardboard Jigsaw
Puzzles
 $ 12.99 









1000 pc Autumn Snapshots Cardboard Jigsaw



$ 12.99
01000 pc Autumn Snapshots Cardboard Jigsaw Details










Additional Product Information
Brand: Melissa & Doug

Toy Type: Puzzles
Recommended Age: 0
Size: 15.6 x 11.6 x 2.6
Weight: 1.7 lbs
UPC: 000772090964
Get your 1000 pc Autumn Snapshots Cardboard Jigsaw today!




More Info












Quick View



1000 pc Postcards from Europe Cardboard Jigsaw
Puzzles
 $ 12.99 









1000 pc Postcards from Europe Cardboard Jigsaw



$ 12.99
01000 pc Postcards from Europe Cardboard Jigsaw Details










Additional Product Information
Brand: Melissa & Doug

Toy Type: Puzzles
Recommended Age: 0
Size: 15.6 x 11.6 x 2.6
Weight: 1.7 lbs
UPC: 000772090971
Get your 1000 pc Postcards from Europe Cardboard Jigsaw today!




More Info












Quick View



1000 Piece Knock Knock Cardboard Jigsaw Puzzle
Puzzles
 $ 12.99 









1000 Piece Knock Knock Cardboard Jigsaw Puzzle



$ 12.99
Knock knock--who's there? With this delightful 1000-piece cardboard jigsaw puzzle, you'll enjoy exploring dozens of doors of all shapes and colors! The high piece count makes for a more challenging puzzle experience--great for adults as well as children ages 12 and up. Melissa & Doug cardboard jigsaw puzzles are made using durable, high-qual...




More Info






















Maziply Toys & Collectibles

                101 Kingston Collection Way
Ste D102
Kingston MA 02364
781.582.TOYS (8697)
              


Shop

Boys' Toys
Girls' Toys
Collectibles
Clearance
Search






We Accept

















Help

About Us
Careers
Contact
Blog
Returns
Terms
Shipping & Pick-Up
Privacy
My Cart
My Account



Stay in Touch

            Sign up for our newsletter and be the first to know about coupons and special promotions.
          


































© 2017 Maziply Toys & Collectibles 

















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft














bernard bailey - NetFind Content Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web




























Web


Web



Content
















Bernard Baily




Bernard Baily (April 5, 1916 – January 19, 1996) was an American comic book artist best known as co-creator of the DC Comics characters the Spectre and Hourman, and a comics publisher,

more


Go to:
Encyclopedia
-
News
-
Videos
-
Reference


Source:
Wikipedia







Results From The WOW.Com Content Network

Bernard Bailey: A Consequential Life | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/alton-b-pollard-iii/bernard-bailey-a...


Often, the most defining moments in our lives come like a thief in the night, quietly and unsuspectingly, with little or no advanced warning. On occasio...


Bernard Kerik - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Bernard_Bailey_Kerik


Bernard Bailey "Bernie" Kerik (born September 4, 1955) is an American former police officer, consultant and convicted felon, who served as New York City Police ...


Waiting for Bernie | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/len-levitt/waiting-for-bernie_b_1967037.html


Bernard Bailey Kerik is to testify in the Bronx this week at the perjury trial of his former pals, Frank and Peter DiTommaso. Kerik is, of cou...


White Ex-Police Chief Indicted In Killing Of Unarmed Black ...

www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/12/04/ex-police-chief-indicted-killing...


White Ex-Police Chief Indicted In Killing Of ... Richard Combs worked in Eutawville when 54-year-old Bernard Bailey came to Town Hall to argue about his ...


www.huffingtonpost.com

www.huffingtonpost.com/topic/Bernard+Bailey+killed


You are being redirected.


28blacklives | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/topic/28blacklives


28BLACKLIVES. BLACK VOICES. ... How to Honor the Life of Demario Bailey By Carvell Wallace, Contributor ... Bernard Bailey: A Consequential Life


Len Levitt: Hats Off to Judith - HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/len-levitt/hats-off-to-judith_b_829105.html


Hats Off to Judith. By Len Levitt. No man (or woman, ... she has done as much as any federal prosecutor to expose the crimes of Bernard Bailey Kerik, ...


Joe Hynes - huffingtonpost.com

www.huffingtonpost.com/news/joe-hynes


The race for New York City mayor looks more and more like a runaway with Democrat Bill de Blasio ahead of his GOP opponent by 44 points in a recent po


28 Black Lives That Matter | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/topic/28-black-lives-that-matter


28 Black Lives That Matter. 28 Black Lives That Matter. EDITION. US. NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business ... Bernard Bailey: A Consequential Life


Motte-and-bailey castle - WOW.com

www.wow.com/wiki/Motte_and_Bailey


The motte-and-bailey castle is a particularly northern European phenomenon, ... Lowry, Bernard. Discovering Fortifications: From the Tudors to the Cold War.



Searches related tobernard bailey



bernard bailey quotes


pastor bernard bailey


bernard bailey nj


bernard bailey irvington nj



rev bernard bailey


bernard bailey shooting


bernard bailey sc


bernard baily




12345Next

Related Searches



bernard bailey quotes


pastor bernard bailey


bernard bailey nj


bernard bailey irvington nj


rev bernard bailey


bernard bailey shooting


bernard bailey sc


bernard baily




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network














bernard bailey - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation

















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference




Searches related tobernard bailey



bernard bailey quotes


pastor bernard bailey


bernard bailey nj


bernard bailey irvington nj



rev bernard bailey


bernard bailey shooting


bernard bailey sc


bernard baily




Web Results

Bernard Baily - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernard_Baily


Bernard Baily (April 5, 1916 – January 19, 1996) was an American comic book artist best known as co-creator of the DC Comics characters the Spectre and Hourman, and ...


Bernard Bailey Profiles | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/public/Bernard-Bailey?page=2


View the profiles of people named Bernard Bailey. Join Facebook to connect with Bernard Bailey and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power...


Bernard Bailey | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/in/bernard-bailey-1ba6b114


View Bernard Bailey’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Bernard Bailey discover inside ...


Judge declares mistrial in Richard Combs shooting Bernard ...

www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2907826/Judge-declares-mistrial...


Former Eutawville police chief Richard Comb shot dead Bernard Bailey three times in May 2011 as he tried to arrest him on an obstruction of justice warrant in the ...


Bernard Bailey's Phone Number, Email, Address - Spokeo

https://www.spokeo.com/Bernard-Bailey


394 records for Bernard Bailey. Find Bernard Bailey's phone, address, and email on Spokeo, the leading online directory


BERNARD BAILEY Obituary - Washington, DC | The Washington Post

www.legacy.com/obituaries/WashingtonPost/obituary.aspx?pid=172294913


BAILEY Colonel BERNARD L. BAILEY "Buzz" Colonel Bernard L. "Buzz" Bailey died on Sunday, August 10, 2014. He was 92 and had retired from the Air Force after more than ...


Amazon.com: Bernard Bailey: Books

https://www.amazon.com/Bernard-Bailey-Books/s?ie=UTF8&page=1&rh=n...


Discover books, read about the author, find related products, and more. More about Bernard C. Bailey


South Carolina police chief Richard Combs charged with ...

www.dailymail.co.uk/news/...case-ex-South-Carolina-police-chief.html


A South Carolina judge declared a mistrial Friday in the retrial of a white former police chief who was charged with ... 'Bernard Bailey will never go home ...


Bernard Bailey: A Consequential Life | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/alton-b-pollard-iii/bernard-bailey-a...


Often, the most defining moments in our lives come like a thief in the night, quietly and unsuspectingly, with little or no advanced warning. On occasio...


Bernard Bailey - 50 Public Records Found - Instant Checkmate

https://www.instantcheckmate.com/people/bernard-bailey


Bernard Bailey was found 50 times in our records associated with addresses in 79 cities, including Southampton, New York, New York, New York & Orlando, Florida.



Searches related tobernard bailey



bernard bailey quotes


pastor bernard bailey


bernard bailey nj


bernard bailey irvington nj



rev bernard bailey


bernard bailey shooting


bernard bailey sc


bernard baily




12345Next






Answers







Bernard Baily



Bernard Baily (April 5, 1916 – January 19, 1996) was an American comic book artist best known as co-creator of the DC Comics characters the Spectre and...

more






Bernard Kerik



Bernard Bailey "Bernie" Kerik (born September 4, 1955) is an American former police officer, consultant and convicted felon, who served as New York...

more






Donald Bailey (civil engineer)



Sir Donald Coleman Bailey, OBE (15 September 1901 – 5 May 1985) was an English civil engineer who invented the Bailey bridge. Field Marshal Montgomery...

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














bernard bailey - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference




Searches related tobernard bailey



bernard bailey quotes


pastor bernard bailey


bernard bailey nj


bernard bailey irvington nj



rev bernard bailey


bernard bailey shooting


bernard bailey sc


bernard baily




Web Results

Bernard Baily - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernard_Baily


Bernard Baily (April 5, 1916 – January 19, 1996) was an American comic book artist best known as co-creator of the DC Comics characters the Spectre and Hourman, and ...


Bernard Bailey Profiles | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/public/Bernard-Bailey?page=2


View the profiles of people named Bernard Bailey. Join Facebook to connect with Bernard Bailey and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power...


Bernard Bailey | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/in/bernard-bailey-1ba6b114


View Bernard Bailey’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Bernard Bailey discover inside ...


Judge declares mistrial in Richard Combs shooting Bernard ...

www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2907826/Judge-declares-mistrial...


Former Eutawville police chief Richard Comb shot dead Bernard Bailey three times in May 2011 as he tried to arrest him on an obstruction of justice warrant in the ...


Bernard Bailey's Phone Number, Email, Address - Spokeo

https://www.spokeo.com/Bernard-Bailey


394 records for Bernard Bailey. Find Bernard Bailey's phone, address, and email on Spokeo, the leading online directory


BERNARD BAILEY Obituary - Washington, DC | The Washington Post

www.legacy.com/obituaries/WashingtonPost/obituary.aspx?pid=172294913


BAILEY Colonel BERNARD L. BAILEY "Buzz" Colonel Bernard L. "Buzz" Bailey died on Sunday, August 10, 2014. He was 92 and had retired from the Air Force after more than ...


Amazon.com: Bernard Bailey: Books

https://www.amazon.com/Bernard-Bailey-Books/s?ie=UTF8&page=1&rh=n...


Discover books, read about the author, find related products, and more. More about Bernard C. Bailey


South Carolina police chief Richard Combs charged with ...

www.dailymail.co.uk/news/...case-ex-South-Carolina-police-chief.html


A South Carolina judge declared a mistrial Friday in the retrial of a white former police chief who was charged with ... 'Bernard Bailey will never go home ...


Bernard Bailey: A Consequential Life | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/alton-b-pollard-iii/bernard-bailey-a...


Often, the most defining moments in our lives come like a thief in the night, quietly and unsuspectingly, with little or no advanced warning. On occasio...


Bernard Bailey - 50 Public Records Found - Instant Checkmate

https://www.instantcheckmate.com/people/bernard-bailey


Bernard Bailey was found 50 times in our records associated with addresses in 79 cities, including Southampton, New York, New York, New York & Orlando, Florida.



Searches related tobernard bailey



bernard bailey quotes


pastor bernard bailey


bernard bailey nj


bernard bailey irvington nj



rev bernard bailey


bernard bailey shooting


bernard bailey sc


bernard baily




12345Next






Answers







Bernard Baily



Bernard Baily (April 5, 1916 – January 19, 1996) was an American comic book artist best known as co-creator of the DC Comics characters the Spectre and...

more






Bernard Kerik



Bernard Bailey "Bernie" Kerik (born September 4, 1955) is an American former police officer, consultant and convicted felon, who served as New York...

more






Donald Bailey (civil engineer)



Sir Donald Coleman Bailey, OBE (15 September 1901 – 5 May 1985) was an English civil engineer who invented the Bailey bridge. Field Marshal Montgomery...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














bernard bailey - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference




Searches related tobernard bailey



bernard bailey quotes


pastor bernard bailey


bernard bailey nj


bernard bailey irvington nj



rev bernard bailey


bernard bailey shooting


bernard bailey sc


bernard baily




Web Results

Bernard Baily - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernard_Baily


Bernard Baily (April 5, 1916 – January 19, 1996) was an American comic book artist best known as co-creator of the DC Comics characters the Spectre and Hourman, and ...


Bernard Bailey Profiles | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/public/Bernard-Bailey?page=2


View the profiles of people named Bernard Bailey. Join Facebook to connect with Bernard Bailey and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power...


Bernard Bailey | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/in/bernard-bailey-1ba6b114


View Bernard Bailey’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Bernard Bailey discover inside ...


Judge declares mistrial in Richard Combs shooting Bernard ...

www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2907826/Judge-declares-mistrial...


Former Eutawville police chief Richard Comb shot dead Bernard Bailey three times in May 2011 as he tried to arrest him on an obstruction of justice warrant in the ...


Bernard Bailey's Phone Number, Email, Address - Spokeo

https://www.spokeo.com/Bernard-Bailey


394 records for Bernard Bailey. Find Bernard Bailey's phone, address, and email on Spokeo, the leading online directory


BERNARD BAILEY Obituary - Washington, DC | The Washington Post

www.legacy.com/obituaries/WashingtonPost/obituary.aspx?pid=172294913


BAILEY Colonel BERNARD L. BAILEY "Buzz" Colonel Bernard L. "Buzz" Bailey died on Sunday, August 10, 2014. He was 92 and had retired from the Air Force after more than ...


Amazon.com: Bernard Bailey: Books

https://www.amazon.com/Bernard-Bailey-Books/s?ie=UTF8&page=1&rh=n...


Discover books, read about the author, find related products, and more. More about Bernard C. Bailey


South Carolina police chief Richard Combs charged with ...

www.dailymail.co.uk/news/...case-ex-South-Carolina-police-chief.html


A South Carolina judge declared a mistrial Friday in the retrial of a white former police chief who was charged with ... 'Bernard Bailey will never go home ...


Bernard Bailey: A Consequential Life | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/alton-b-pollard-iii/bernard-bailey-a...


Often, the most defining moments in our lives come like a thief in the night, quietly and unsuspectingly, with little or no advanced warning. On occasio...


Bernard Bailey - 50 Public Records Found - Instant Checkmate

https://www.instantcheckmate.com/people/bernard-bailey


Bernard Bailey was found 50 times in our records associated with addresses in 79 cities, including Southampton, New York, New York, New York & Orlando, Florida.



Searches related tobernard bailey



bernard bailey quotes


pastor bernard bailey


bernard bailey nj


bernard bailey irvington nj



rev bernard bailey


bernard bailey shooting


bernard bailey sc


bernard baily




12345Next






Answers







Bernard Baily



Bernard Baily (April 5, 1916 – January 19, 1996) was an American comic book artist best known as co-creator of the DC Comics characters the Spectre and...

more






Bernard Kerik



Bernard Bailey "Bernie" Kerik (born September 4, 1955) is an American former police officer, consultant and convicted felon, who served as New York...

more






Donald Bailey (civil engineer)



Sir Donald Coleman Bailey, OBE (15 September 1901 – 5 May 1985) was an English civil engineer who invented the Bailey bridge. Field Marshal Montgomery...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














bernard bailey - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference




Searches related tobernard bailey



bernard bailey quotes


pastor bernard bailey


bernard bailey nj


bernard bailey irvington nj



rev bernard bailey


bernard bailey shooting


bernard bailey sc


bernard baily




Web Results

Bernard Baily - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernard_Baily


Bernard Baily (April 5, 1916 – January 19, 1996) was an American comic book artist best known as co-creator of the DC Comics characters the Spectre and Hourman, and ...


Bernard Bailey Profiles | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/public/Bernard-Bailey?page=2


View the profiles of people named Bernard Bailey. Join Facebook to connect with Bernard Bailey and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power...


Bernard Bailey | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/in/bernard-bailey-1ba6b114


View Bernard Bailey’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Bernard Bailey discover inside ...


Judge declares mistrial in Richard Combs shooting Bernard ...

www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2907826/Judge-declares-mistrial...


Former Eutawville police chief Richard Comb shot dead Bernard Bailey three times in May 2011 as he tried to arrest him on an obstruction of justice warrant in the ...


Bernard Bailey's Phone Number, Email, Address - Spokeo

https://www.spokeo.com/Bernard-Bailey


394 records for Bernard Bailey. Find Bernard Bailey's phone, address, and email on Spokeo, the leading online directory


BERNARD BAILEY Obituary - Washington, DC | The Washington Post

www.legacy.com/obituaries/WashingtonPost/obituary.aspx?pid=172294913


BAILEY Colonel BERNARD L. BAILEY "Buzz" Colonel Bernard L. "Buzz" Bailey died on Sunday, August 10, 2014. He was 92 and had retired from the Air Force after more than ...


Amazon.com: Bernard Bailey: Books

https://www.amazon.com/Bernard-Bailey-Books/s?ie=UTF8&page=1&rh=n...


Discover books, read about the author, find related products, and more. More about Bernard C. Bailey


South Carolina police chief Richard Combs charged with ...

www.dailymail.co.uk/news/...case-ex-South-Carolina-police-chief.html


A South Carolina judge declared a mistrial Friday in the retrial of a white former police chief who was charged with ... 'Bernard Bailey will never go home ...


Bernard Bailey: A Consequential Life | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/alton-b-pollard-iii/bernard-bailey-a...


Often, the most defining moments in our lives come like a thief in the night, quietly and unsuspectingly, with little or no advanced warning. On occasio...


Bernard Bailey - 50 Public Records Found - Instant Checkmate

https://www.instantcheckmate.com/people/bernard-bailey


Bernard Bailey was found 50 times in our records associated with addresses in 79 cities, including Southampton, New York, New York, New York & Orlando, Florida.



Searches related tobernard bailey



bernard bailey quotes


pastor bernard bailey


bernard bailey nj


bernard bailey irvington nj



rev bernard bailey


bernard bailey shooting


bernard bailey sc


bernard baily




12345Next






Answers







Bernard Baily



Bernard Baily (April 5, 1916 – January 19, 1996) was an American comic book artist best known as co-creator of the DC Comics characters the Spectre and...

more






Bernard Kerik



Bernard Bailey "Bernie" Kerik (born September 4, 1955) is an American former police officer, consultant and convicted felon, who served as New York...

more






Donald Bailey (civil engineer)



Sir Donald Coleman Bailey, OBE (15 September 1901 – 5 May 1985) was an English civil engineer who invented the Bailey bridge. Field Marshal Montgomery...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.














bernard bailey - WOW.com - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images




Reference


Reference




Searches related tobernard bailey



bernard bailey quotes


pastor bernard bailey


bernard bailey nj


bernard bailey irvington nj



rev bernard bailey


bernard bailey shooting


bernard bailey sc


bernard baily




Web Results

Bernard Baily - Wikipedia

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernard_Baily


Bernard Baily (April 5, 1916 – January 19, 1996) was an American comic book artist best known as co-creator of the DC Comics characters the Spectre and Hourman, and ...


Bernard Bailey Profiles | Facebook

https://www.facebook.com/public/Bernard-Bailey?page=2


View the profiles of people named Bernard Bailey. Join Facebook to connect with Bernard Bailey and others you may know. Facebook gives people the power...


Bernard Bailey | LinkedIn

https://www.linkedin.com/in/bernard-bailey-1ba6b114


View Bernard Bailey’s professional profile on LinkedIn. LinkedIn is the world's largest business network, helping professionals like Bernard Bailey discover inside ...


Judge declares mistrial in Richard Combs shooting Bernard ...

www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2907826/Judge-declares-mistrial...


Former Eutawville police chief Richard Comb shot dead Bernard Bailey three times in May 2011 as he tried to arrest him on an obstruction of justice warrant in the ...


Bernard Bailey's Phone Number, Email, Address - Spokeo

https://www.spokeo.com/Bernard-Bailey


394 records for Bernard Bailey. Find Bernard Bailey's phone, address, and email on Spokeo, the leading online directory


BERNARD BAILEY Obituary - Washington, DC | The Washington Post

www.legacy.com/obituaries/WashingtonPost/obituary.aspx?pid=172294913


BAILEY Colonel BERNARD L. BAILEY "Buzz" Colonel Bernard L. "Buzz" Bailey died on Sunday, August 10, 2014. He was 92 and had retired from the Air Force after more than ...


Amazon.com: Bernard Bailey: Books

https://www.amazon.com/Bernard-Bailey-Books/s?ie=UTF8&page=1&rh=n...


Discover books, read about the author, find related products, and more. More about Bernard C. Bailey


South Carolina police chief Richard Combs charged with ...

www.dailymail.co.uk/news/...case-ex-South-Carolina-police-chief.html


A South Carolina judge declared a mistrial Friday in the retrial of a white former police chief who was charged with ... 'Bernard Bailey will never go home ...


Bernard Bailey: A Consequential Life | HuffPost

www.huffingtonpost.com/alton-b-pollard-iii/bernard-bailey-a...


Often, the most defining moments in our lives come like a thief in the night, quietly and unsuspectingly, with little or no advanced warning. On occasio...


Bernard Bailey - 50 Public Records Found - Instant Checkmate

https://www.instantcheckmate.com/people/bernard-bailey


Bernard Bailey was found 50 times in our records associated with addresses in 79 cities, including Southampton, New York, New York, New York & Orlando, Florida.



Searches related tobernard bailey



bernard bailey quotes


pastor bernard bailey


bernard bailey nj


bernard bailey irvington nj



rev bernard bailey


bernard bailey shooting


bernard bailey sc


bernard baily




12345Next






Answers







Bernard Baily



Bernard Baily (April 5, 1916 – January 19, 1996) was an American comic book artist best known as co-creator of the DC Comics characters the Spectre and...

more






Bernard Kerik



Bernard Bailey "Bernie" Kerik (born September 4, 1955) is an American former police officer, consultant and convicted felon, who served as New York...

more






Donald Bailey (civil engineer)



Sir Donald Coleman Bailey, OBE (15 September 1901 – 5 May 1985) was an English civil engineer who invented the Bailey bridge. Field Marshal Montgomery...

more




















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | About our Ads
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Part of the AOL Search Network.





















Loading Your Search Results - PeopleLooker.com























Updating Data On {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{nameize mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}} {{#validLocation city}}in {{city}}{{#validLocation state}},{{/validLocation}} {{/validLocation}}{{#validLocation state}}{{#unless city}}in {{/unless}}{{uppercase state}}{{/validLocation}}
Important! PeopleLooker uses real public records. The information may be surprising.












Less than 30 seconds remaining


Continue to Results 







Now
We look up all people named {{nameize fn}} {{nameize ln}}.




Next
You pick which one you're looking for.




Then
We search our database for info on them.




Hooray!
You get your report!












Where does {{nameize fn}}{{#if mi}} {{uppercase mi}}{{/if}} {{nameize ln}}
live?
Please help us narrow down your search











All States
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





I'm not sure














Please enter a full name
Please help us narrow down your search







First Name:

Please Enter First Name


Last Name:

Please Enter Last Name












































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





































People Searching Made Easy! | PeopleLooker
































Looking to Find Out About Someone?

Find information you may not get on Google.












State
Alabama
Alaska
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Delaware
District Of Columbia
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Massachusetts
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Montana
Nebraska
Nevada
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
North Dakota
Ohio
Oklahoma
Oregon
Pennsylvania
Rhode Island
South Carolina
South Dakota
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
West Virginia
Wisconsin
Wyoming





Search





We respect your privacy.













We've run over


1,000,000


background reports!
Successful background reports!









Access Premium Public Records

Quickly search public records that could otherwise take you weeks or months
to collect. Find friends, relatives, neighbors, or even yourself. Comprehensive
people search reports may contain:




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records




Relatives
Email Addresses
Much More!




Names
Criminal Records
Date of Birth
Relatives
Email Addresses




Phone Numbers
Addresses
Court Records
Much More!







The New Way to Find People
More than a regular search engine.

It's the quick and easy way to look people up. Do a deep public record
search to uncover the important information you're looking for. Now you'll
never have to search someone on google again.





















