


Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Wealth & Estate Planning | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Wealth & Estate Planning Deep Expertise; Proactive Counsel


  Share this page 


   
   Wealth & Estate Planning When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved. We can help you fully realize your and your family’s specific goals and vision by coordinating the right strategy, resources and support. As external influences or personal circumstances change, effective wealth planning is consistently sustained through diligent management, the highest fiduciary standards of service, and proactive counsel. 

Equally important, we share our technical knowledge and deep experience with your other advisors, thoughtfully and collaboratively applying our resources to further your goals and ensuring a comprehensive wealth management plan.
     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an expert advisor who can tell you more about our Wealth & Estate Planning services.  Contact Us      Solutions  Wealth Protection & TransferTax PlanningConcentrated Wealth SolutionsInsurance & Risk Management SolutionsEstate Settlement & AdministrationFamily Governance    
      Contact Us Want to Know More?  Discover how our products and services can help you. Complete the contact form and we’ll connect you with one of our experts.      Contact Us 
 

















Baird Asset Management














































PREVIEW MODE (cancel)



            This site uses cookies. By continuing to use the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
            Find out more here >
        





Skip to primary content




Search Site














Asset Management













Proud to Be a Finalist for Morningstar's 2016 Fixed Income Fund Manager of the Year
Read More 

   
How She Got There
BizTimes Milwaukee Features Mary Ellen Stanek 
   
Navigating the Complexities of China
Chautauqua Capital Illuminates the Risks and Opportunities for Investors 
   
Baird Funds Receive Silver Analyst Ratings
Aggregate, Core Plus and Short-Term earn high marks from Morningstar 


News & Highlights

Baird Core Plus Bond Fund Ranked 5-stars Overall by Morningstar
Morningstar Recognizes Baird Municipal Bond Fund Team
Baird Aggregate Bond Fund rated 4-stars overall by Morningstar
Mary Ellen Stanek Tells Barron's How to Invest in the Bond Market Now
Baird Short Term Bond Fund rated 4-stars overall by Morningstar
Mary Ellen Stanek Discusses Interest Rates on MoneyLife







                        Widget Content
                        











































Contact Us | Baird Funds








































PREVIEW MODE (cancel)



            This site uses cookies. By continuing to use the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
            Find out more here >
        










Skip to primary content




Search Site














Asset Management











Contact Us 




Baird’s commitment to high-touch service means we welcome questions from existing and prospective investors about our team, philosophy or products.  To learn more about the Baird Funds, please call us at 866-442-2473 or send an email to prospectus@bairdfunds.com.


Regular MailBaird Funds, Inc. c/o U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLCP.O. Box 701Milwaukee, WI 53201-0701


Overnight MailBaird Funds, Inc. c/o U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC615 E. Michigan St., Third FloorMilwaukee, WI 53202


 









































Baird Funds, Inc. - Baird MidCap Fund: Private Company Information - Bloomberg









































  





















































































July 22, 2017 7:04 AM ET
Capital Markets

Company Overview of Baird Funds, Inc. - Baird MidCap Fund



Snapshot People




Company Overview
Baird Funds, Inc. - Baird MidCap Fund is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in the growth stocks of mid-cap companies, with market capitalization within the range of the Russell Midcap Growth Index. It employs fundamental and quantitative analysis with a focus on factors such as companies with attractive margins and favorable margin trends, solid barriers to entry, favorable pricing and demonstrated product/service track record, profitability and shareholder returns, d...
Baird Funds, Inc. - Baird MidCap Fund is an open-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in the growth stocks of mid-cap companies, with market capitalization within the range of the Russell Midcap Growth Index. It employs fundamental and quantitative analysis with a focus on factors such as companies with attractive margins and favorable margin trends, solid barriers to entry, favorable pricing and demonstrated product/service track record, profitability and shareholder returns, durable profitability, assessing risk/return opportunities, sustainable revenue growth, favorable industry dynamics, management strength and integrity, and understanding market expectations of a company to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Russell MidCap Growth Index. It conducts proprietary research to create its portfolio. Baird Funds, Inc. - Baird MidCap Fund was formed on December 29, 2000 and is domiciled in the United States.
Detailed Description


777 East Wisconsin AvenueMilwaukee, WI 53202-5300United StatesFounded in 2000



Phone: 414-765-3500

Fax: 414-765-3912

www.bairdfunds.com/equity-mid-cap-fund







Key Executives for Baird Funds, Inc. - Baird MidCap Fund




Ms. Mary Ellen Stanek CFA


      	President
      


Age: 60
        







Mr. Leonard M. Rush CPA


      	Treasurer
      


Age: 71
        







Mr. Charles F. Severson CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      








Mr. Kenneth M. Hemauer CFA


      	Portfolio Manager
      





Compensation as of Fiscal Year 2017. 



Similar Private Companies By Industry



Company Name
Region



 @Visory LLC United States 1 Road Partners LLC United States 11T Partners, LLC United States 123Jump.com, Inc. United States 1509225 Ontario, Inc. United States




Recent Private Companies Transactions



TypeDate
Target



No transactions available in the past 12 months.




Request Profile Update

















 












The information and data displayed in this profile are created and managed by S&P Global Market Intelligence, a division of S&P Global. Bloomberg.com does not create or control the content. For inquiries, please contact S&P Global Market Intelligence directly by clicking 
	here.




Stock Quotes


Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.







Company Lookup



Most Searched Private Companies



Company Name
Geographic Region



 Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights Under Law United States NYC2012, Inc. United States Bertelsmann AG Europe The Advertising Council, Inc. United States Rush University United States













Sponsored Financial Commentaries

Sponsored Links






Browse Companies
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
 | 
0
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9






Request Profile Update

						Only a company representative may request an update for the company profile. Documentation will be required.
					  
To contact Baird Funds, Inc. - Baird MidCap Fund, please visit www.bairdfunds.com/equity-mid-cap-fund.  Company data is provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence.  Please use this form to report any data issues.
					  


Information Missing - Please enter your information in the following field(s): 




Company Name

Your Name*

Your E-Mail Address*

Your Phone Number*

Type of Data*


Overview
Executives
Key developments
Similar companies
Transactions


Update Needed*

All data changes require verification from public sources.  Please include the correct value or values and a source where we can verify.


Cancel


Submit






Your requested update has been submitted
Our data partners will research the update request and update the information on this page if necessary. Research and follow-up could take several weeks. If you have questions, you can contact them at bwwebmaster@businessweek.com.


Close




























Baird Funds, Inc.                                                                                                        - Milwaukee                                         , WI         - Company Information









 



























Products
Resources
My Account












Talk to a D&B Advisor 
1-800-280-0780 




Business Directory



WI



Milwaukee



Management Investment, Open-End



Management Investment, Open-end



                            Baird Funds, Inc.
                                    



 





















B 


Baird Funds, Inc.                                                                                                       
CLAIM THIS BUSINESS



777 E WISCONSIN AVE MILWAUKEE, WI 53202
Get Directions



(414) 765-3500
www.rwbaird.com                                                                                         





Business Info



 Founded 2006
 Incorporated 
 Annual Revenue $5,911,338.00
 Employee Count 13
 Industries Management Investment, Open-end
 Contacts Mary Ellen Stanek                                                                                                       







Contact Business







Your Email Address

Subject:


Message


Send Message





Company Summary


Since 2006, Baird Funds, Inc.                                                                                                        has been providing Management Investment, Open-end from Milwaukee. 









VERIFIED Status:
UNVERIFIED



Address:
UNVERIFIED





LAST VERIFIED:

                                    --
                                



Phone:

                                    UNVERIFIED
                                





Payment Method:
UNVERIFIED


view full report





Similar Businesses Nearby


                                        Our similar businesses nearby shows similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Competitive Landscape


                                        Our competitive landscape shows how this business compares to similar businesses in their industry and region based on information found in their Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Review profile.                                        







Payments Accepted

NO DATA



Hours



                                        Sunday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Monday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Tuesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Wednesday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Thursday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Friday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        



                                        Saturday 

                                        

                                                                                            --
                                            
                                        







B

VIEW ADDITIONAL DATA                        
Select from over 115 networks below to view available data about this business. If this data is unavailable or inaccurate and you own or represent this business, click here for more information on how you may be able to correct it. 







Credibility Review





Google





Facebook.com





Yellowbook.com





Bing.com





Yellowpages.com





MerchantCircle





Tele Atlas (TomTom)





Twitter.com





AOL





MapQuest





Yahoo Local





Apple/Siri





Groupon





Hotfrog.com





Comcast.net Search





ReachLocal





Admedia





Dealsplus





Shoptopia.com





Alteryx





Dogtime Media





KSL.com





Sirtune





AmericanTowns.com





Driverside





Kudzu.com





SpecialsAgent.com





Answers.com





eGood





LawInfo.com





spotlikes.com





anywho.com





eGumball





Likeness.com





Spotzot





eServiceLog





MapMyRun





TechnoCom





apartmentguide.com





ezlocal.com





EZToUse.com





Teleroute





AroundMe.com





metropolist.com





Therapists.com





Atlanta NewHomes





FindLaw.com





Time Out New York





Avantar





FindTheBest.com





mojopages.com





B2B Yellowpages





Fivestar Software





MyCityWay.com





TripAdvisor





bckyrd.com





GiftCards.com





MyCoupons.com





beachcalifornia.com





GoLocal247.com





mymove.com





UpMeSocial.com





Belo





GoodInfo





News-Gazette





Nokia





usdirectory.com





Cars.com





Nomao





Centzy.com





hibu





Openlist.com





ChaCha Search





Homeplate.com





OwnLocal.com





VisiKard





challama.com





Homestore





patch.com





Voltari





CityBot





Pelopidas





Vouchd





ClassifiedAds





Hostway





PlaceIQ





WalkScore.com





CloudMade





Hoodoyou





PlanetDiscover.com





WeddingWire.com





PowerProfiles





Where Inc.





Contractors.com





iGoLocal.com





Radiate Media





Wikiocity





CouponMap





Indeed.com





Wimgo.com





CrowdSpot





Innova Electronics





Intellistrand





realtor.com





DataSphere





InTheMO.com





Reply.com





Yellowbot.com





JiWire





Rocket Fuel





YellowPageCity.com





DMV.org





Justclicklocal.com





Dirxion





Keen.com





Zidster.com












Photos














































Business Credit Report
Receive a one-time comprehensive credit report on this company.
get full credit report


Facebook








Twitter








Yelp






































Call 1.800.280.0780 to speak with a D&B Advisor Today!







Customer Resources
Products
Education Center
Business Articles & Insights
Glossary
Contact Us
Customer Support
Communication Preferences
Search for D&B D-U-N-S




Our Company
About Us
Company History
Business Credit History
Careers
Press Releases
News
Success Stories
Hoovers




Our Network
Partners
Affiliates
Blog
Access to Capital
Entrepreneurial Initiative
D&B International
SupplierEdge




Site Links
Business Directory
Site Map
PIPEDA
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Service
Product License Agreement







© Dun & Bradstreet, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved.



















Wealth Management, Capital Markets, Private Equity, Investment Banking Offered by Baird






































PREVIEW MODE (cancel)

Skip to primary content








Baird
Great outcomes. Done well.











Normalizing Under Uncertainty
2017 Midyear Market and Economic Outlook

Baird Capital Closes First Global Fund
More Than 6,000 Hours Volunteered During Baird Gives Back Week
VIDEO: Baird's Tim Steffen Discusses How To Raise Kids Who Are Financially Fit



News & Highlights


Baird is No. 4 on FORTUNE’s 2017 100 Best Companies To Work For
Baird Global Investment Banking Marks 4th Consecutive Record Year


Baird Posts Record Net Revenues For Seventh Consecutive Year
Baird Advises Greg Norman Company on Joint Venture


Baird Named to Computerworld’s 100 Best Places to Work in IT
Baird Chairman Featured in The Milwaukee Journal Sentinel











                    Widget Content
                    















































 




Baird Funds Inc: Company Profile - Bloomberg



































































  









Feedback























baird funds inc
Private Company









Company Profile
Sector: Financials
Industry: Asset Management
Sub-Industry: Investment Management
Baird Funds Inc provides financial services. The Company offers mutual funds, equity, and fixed income portfolios. Baird Funds offers services to individuals and institutions.




Corporate Information
Address:

615 East Michigan Street
Third Floor, P.O. Box 701
Milwaukee, WI 53202
United States


Phone:
1-800-444-9102


Fax:
-


Web url:
www.bairdfunds.com





Board Members




Board Members
Company




Cory Nettles
Generation Growth Capital Inc




























From The Web












Sponsored Financial Commentaries







More From The Web


















Home


News


Top Headlines
Most Popular
Exclusive
Law
Entrepreneurs
Leaders
Economy
Environment
Science
Sports
Markets Magazine
Pursuits Magazine
Bloomberg Visual Data
Bloomberg Best (and Worst)
For comments or complaints about news coverage click here


Regions
U.S.
China
Europe
Asia
U.K. & Ireland
Australia & New Zealand
Canada
India & Pakistan
Japan
Africa
Eastern Europe
Latin America
Middle East
Markets
Commodities
Currencies
Bonds
Stocks
Energy Markets
Municipal Bonds
Emerging Markets
Funds
Islamic Finance
Industries
Energy
Technology
Real Estate
Finance
Health Care
Transportation
Insurance
Retail
Media
Manufacturing




Quick


Market Data


Stocks
Stock Futures
World Indexes
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Gainers & Losers
Earnings Calendar
Industry Leaders
Currencies
Americas
Europe, Middle East, & Africa
Asia-Pacific
Foreign Exchange Cross Rates
FX Fixings
Currency Converter
Forex Trading Videos
Commodities
Energy Prices
Metals Prices
Agricultural Prices


Rates & Bonds
US Treasuries
UK Gilts
Germany Bunds
Japan Bonds
Australia Bonds
Bloomberg Bond Indexes
Corporate Bonds
Consumer Rates
Economic Calendar
Watchlist
European Debt Crisis
Symbol Search
The Market Now




Personal Finance


Top Headlines
Saving & Investing
Real Estate
Retirement Planning
Financial Advisers
Taxes
Blog: Ventured & Gained
Real Cost Of
Money Gallery
Calculators
Watchlist (Portfolio Tracker)




Tech


Top Headlines
Social Media
Mobile & Wireless
Web
Enterprise Tech
TV, Games & Movies
Apple
Tech Deals
Global Tech
Slideshows
Videos




U.S. Politics


Sustainability


Top Headlines
Energy
Corporate Sustainability
Policy
Natural Resources
Health & Population
Slideshows
Videos
Blog: The Grid




Luxury


Top Headlines
Autos
Billionaires
Living
Property
Travel
Well Spent
Loot Blog
Pursuits Magazine
Videos




TV


Live TV
Channel Finder
Personalities
Apple TV
iPad App
Schedule
U.S.
Asia
Europe


Shows
Surveillance
Market Makers
Lunch Money
Street Smart
Bloomberg West
Game Changers




Video


Must See
Latest
Live TV
Shows
Playlist




Radio


Live Radio
Shows
Schedule
Personalities
Podcasts
Bloomberg Brief
Featured Podcasts and New Shows
Bloomberg View
Masters in Business
First Word
Surveillance
Bloomberg Advantage
In the Loop
Bloomberg Law
Taking Stock
Bloomberg Best
More Podcasts




Blogs


Global Tech
The Grid
Loot
The Market Now
Political Capital
Tech Deals
Ventured and Gained




Opinion




My Saved



Registration



Sign In



Bloomberg.com



Businessweek.com



Company



About
Blog
Careers
Diversity & Inclusion
News Mission
Philanthropy & Engagement
Press Room
Procurement
Sustainability




Products



Financial Products
Bloomberg Professional Service
Bloomberg Anywhere
Bloomberg Tradebook
Bloomberg Briefs
Bloomberg Indexes
Bloomberg SEF
Service Center
Customer Support
Enterprise Products
Enterprise Solutions
Trading Solutions
Industry Products
Bloomberg BNA
Bloomberg Government
Bloomberg Law
Bloomberg Link
Bloomberg New Energy Finance
Bloomberg Sports
Content Licensing




Bloomberg Anywhere



Mobile Apps



Bloomberg Visual Data





































Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft









Wealth & Estate Planning | BNY Mellon Wealth Management



    Wealth & Estate Planning Deep Expertise; Proactive Counsel


  Share this page 


   
   Wealth & Estate Planning When you’ve been serving wealthy clients for more than two centuries, there are few wealth challenges you haven’t seen – or solved. We can help you fully realize your and your family’s specific goals and vision by coordinating the right strategy, resources and support. As external influences or personal circumstances change, effective wealth planning is consistently sustained through diligent management, the highest fiduciary standards of service, and proactive counsel. 

Equally important, we share our technical knowledge and deep experience with your other advisors, thoughtfully and collaboratively applying our resources to further your goals and ensuring a comprehensive wealth management plan.
     Want to learn more?  Contact us today and we will connect you with an expert advisor who can tell you more about our Wealth & Estate Planning services.  Contact Us      Solutions  Wealth Protection & TransferTax PlanningConcentrated Wealth SolutionsInsurance & Risk Management SolutionsEstate Settlement & AdministrationFamily Governance    
      Contact Us Want to Know More?  Discover how our products and services can help you. Complete the contact form and we’ll connect you with one of our experts.      Contact Us 
 















Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft




























Amana Mutual Funds Trust | Saturna Capital




























Skip to main content






MENU
 
 
 
Toggle navigation





Account Login My Fund Account
Saturna Brokerage
401(k) Account





Search form
Search






Documents & Forms Mutual Funds
Account Maintenance
Individual Retirement Accounts
Saturna Capital
Health Savings Accounts
Saturna Brokerage
Education Savings Accounts
Saturna Trust Company
Employer Plans

Contact
Site Map











Saturna Capital




Contact
1-800-728-8762
 



Values-Based Global Asset Managers










HomeFunds & PerformanceAmana Mutual Funds Trust 
















Following Principles of Islamic Finance




 






 




Amana Income
Investor Shares: AMANX
Institutional Shares: AMINX
Amana Developing World
Investor Shares: AMDWX
Institutional Shares: AMIDX






Not sure how to choose between the Funds?
The Amana Fund Selector can help!
Try it out.






Amana Growth
Investor Shares: AMAGX
Institutional Shares: AMIGX
Amana Participation
Investor Shares: AMAPX
Institutional Shares: AMIPX




 
 










Amana Participation Fund Explainer Video

 


 






Investment Process
Saturna Capital, the Funds' investment adviser, screens more than 10,000 global equities monthly.
Read more...


Quarterly Commentary
Stay informed with the latest insights from our portfolio managers and analysts.
Read more...





 
 










Halal Investing






Investing For Hajj






Investing & Zakah





 
 











Amana Mutual Funds Trust
 





Amana Founders Video

 


Watch Amana Mutual Funds Trust founders, Nick Kaiser and Yaqub Mirza, discuss the creation and history of the Trust.

At Saturna Capital and the Amana Mutual Funds Trust, we endeavor to align our investments with our principles.
Our Funds favor companies with low price-to-earnings multiples, strong balance sheets, and proven businesses. They follow a value-oriented approach consistent with Islamic finance principles. Generally, these principles require that investors avoid interest and investments in businesses such as liquor, pornography, gambling, and banks. The Funds avoid bonds and other conventional fixed-income securities.
Saturna Capital selects investments in companies that to its knowledge do not violate the requirements of the Islamic faith at the time of investment. To ensure that investments continue to meet the requirements of the Islamic faith, Saturna Capital engages Amanie Advisors Sdn Bhd, a leading consultant specializing in Islamic finance.
The Amana Funds limit the securities they purchase to those consistent with Islamic principles. This limits opportunities and may affect performance.
 
 





Saturna White Papers: Educational Series 

  
  
 Dancing with Correlation 
 We explore the correlation between Islamic investment certificates, including sukuk, and other investment asset classes as a means of better understanding the risk and return characteristics of this unique and distinct asset class.
 
   

  
 What Makes Sukuk Halal? 
 We explain what differentiates Islamic investment certificates, often called sukuk, from conventional bonds, and identifies the distinctive features that form the core of what makes sukuk Islamic-compliant, or halal.
 
   
 








Income Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Growth Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Developing World Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Participation Fund Overview
Performance
Holdings
Distributions
Fees & Expenses
Literature

Related Links:
Quarterly Commentary
Investment Process
Halal Investing
Investing and Zakah
Investing for Hajj
Amana Fund Selector
Amana Mutual Funds Trust Board Governance Policies
Renewal of Investment Advisory Contract
Disclosure of Portfolio Holdings
Form N-Q
Proxy Voting Guidelines
Form N-PX
Amana Documents




 











baird funds inc - Money A2Z - Web Results










AOL Search
Skip over navigation


















Search the Web



























Web





Images


Images










Amana Mutual funds - Islamically-Acceptable investing.



Ad
 ·
www.AmanaFunds.com



Islamically-Acceptable investing. Growth and Income Funds, IRAs





Contact Us



Amana Income Fund



Code of Ethics




Individual Investors



Investment Professionals



Amana Growth Fund





BNY Mellon Wealth | BNYMellonWealth.com



Ad
 ·
BNYMellonWealth.com



Achieve Your Financial Objectives With America's Oldest Private Bank.





Wealth Management Service



Wealth & Estate Planning



Our Approach




Contact Us



Tax-Smart Credit Strategy



Family Wealth Transfer





Scrip Fundraising - Raise Money for your Organization.



Ad
 ·
ShopWithScrip.com/​ScripFundraising



Raise Money for your Organization. No Sell Scrip Fundraising Program.



Web Results

Baird Asset Management

bairdassetmanagement.com


Pensions, foundations, corporations and high net worth individuals across the country rely on Baird’s seasoned and highly disciplined asset management teams for ...


Contact Us | Baird Funds

www.bairdassetmanagement.com/contact-us


Baird Funds is located in Robert W. Baird & Co.'s headquarters in Milwaukee, WI. Questions from existing and prospective investors are welcome.


Robert W. Baird & Co. - Official Site

www.rwbaird.com


Baird is an employee-owned wealth management, capital markets, asset management and private equity firm. Leveraging our deep expertise and broad skills, we're ...



Contact Us



Locations



Login



Careers



Baird Funds, Inc. - Baird LargeCap Fund: Private Company ...

https://www.bloomberg.com/research/stocks/private/snapshot.asp?...


Baird Funds, Inc. - Baird LargeCap Fund company research & investing information. Find executives and the latest company news.


BAIRD FUNDS, INC. Non-Retirement Account Application

www.rwbaird.com/SHAREDPDF/Applications/NonRetirementAcctApp.pdf


BAIRD FUNDS, INC. Non-Retirement Account Application Do not use this application to open an IRA or other tax-advantaged retirement account. If you have questions ...


Baird Funds, Inc. - Milwaukee , WI - Company Information

https://www.dandb.com/businessdirectory/bairdfundsinc.-milwaukee...


Find the Baird Funds, Inc. business profile in Milwaukee ...


BCDIX Fund - Baird Funds Inc Overview - MarketWatch

www.marketwatch.com/investing/fund/BCDIX


Mutual fund overview for Baird Funds Inc (BCDIX), from MarketWatch.


BAIRD FUNDS, INC. Statement of Additional Information

content.rwbaird.com/BairdFunds/PDF/BEF-SAI.pdf


BAIRD FUNDS, INC. Statement of Additional Information . Baird LargeCap Fund (Investor Class: BHGSX)


BAIRD FUNDS, INC. PROXY VOTING POLICIES AND PROCEDURES ...

content.rwbaird.com/BairdFunds/PDF/Baird-Funds-Proxy-Voting...


BAIRD FUNDS, INC. PROXY VOTING POLICIES AND PROCEDURES Revised Effective August 25, 2016 The Board of Directors of Baird Funds, Inc. (the “Company”) recognizes ...


Baird Funds, Inc. in Milwaukee, WI 53202-5300 | FindTheCompany

listings.findthecompany.com/l/21691926/Baird-Funds-Inc-in-Milwaukee-WI


Baird Funds, Inc. is an open-ended investment management company located in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. View phone number, website, employees, products, revenue, and more.










Amana Mutual funds - Islamically-Acceptable investing.



Ad
 ·
www.AmanaFunds.com



Islamically-Acceptable investing. Growth and Income Funds, IRAs





Contact Us



Amana Income Fund



Code of Ethics




Individual Investors



Investment Professionals



Amana Growth Fund





BNY Mellon Wealth | BNYMellonWealth.com



Ad
 ·
BNYMellonWealth.com



Achieve Your Financial Objectives With America's Oldest Private Bank.





Wealth Management Service



Wealth & Estate Planning



Our Approach




Contact Us



Tax-Smart Credit Strategy



Family Wealth Transfer





Scrip Fundraising - Raise Money for your Organization.



Ad
 ·
ShopWithScrip.com/​ScripFundraising



Raise Money for your Organization. No Sell Scrip Fundraising Program.


12345Next






Answers







Robert W. Baird & Co.



Baird was founded in 1919 as the securities arm of the First Wisconsin National Bank in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. In 1934, the firm became an independent...

more






Baird & Warner



its suburbs, with nearly 2,000 real estate brokers and 26 sales offices found across Northeastern Illinois. Baird & Warner also offers loan services...

more






Eugenie Baird



Duchin promoting the United States Navy Reserve. Baird signed with Lang–Worth Feature Programs, Inc. in 1950 and was part of that company's Remember...

more










baird funds inc News






RWC Samsara Fund Inc : Cancellation of Listing



FE Investegate.co.uk Company...

 - Jul 20


Financial Express (Holdings) Limited (“we”, “our”, “us” and derivatives) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy, together with our Terms of Use, sets out the...

more





Cohen & Steers Quality Income Realty Fund Inc (RQI) Ex-Dividend



NASDAQ Front Page

 - Jul 17


Cohen & Steers Quality Income Realty Fund Inc ( RQI ) will begin trading ex-dividend on July 18, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.08 per share is scheduled to be paid on July 31, 2017....

more





Western Asset Intermediate Muni Fund Inc (SBI) Ex-Dividend Date



NASDAQ Front Page

 - Jul 18


Western Asset Intermediate Muni Fund Inc ( SBI ) will begin trading ex-dividend on July 19, 2017. A cash dividend payment of $0.036 per share is scheduled to be paid on August 01, 2017....

more



















Search the Web

















© AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy
 | Terms of Use
 | Preferences
 | Contact Us
 | Powered by Bing™

Wow.com - Part of the AOL Search Network










	Search Engine Marketing (SEM) - Bing Ads







































































































Skip to content











Sign upSign in


 


















You run your business. We'll help find your customers.
Bing Ads can help build your business and drive your success. Spend $25 and get $100 in advertising credit.†

†Offer details




Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.







Coupon code class

First name:

Last name:

Email:

Your website URL

Business phone



*Required
Microsoft may contact you to provide updates and special offers about Bing Ads. You can unsubscribe at any time. To learn more you can read the privacy statement.
Type the code from the image:

Enter security code:







             























×
Get $100 in search advertising when you spend $25 in Bing Ads.


†Offer Details: Offer expires December 31, 2017.  Valid only for new Bing Ads customers who are first party recipients of the offer email. A new Bing Ads customer is one that has not advertised on Bing Ads before. Enter promotional coupon code and spend $25 (applies to threshold and prepaid accounts) to receive $100 in Bing Ads credits. Limit one promotion code per new Bing Ads customer. Promotional code must be redeemed within thirty (30) days of Bing Ads new customer account creation. Ad campaign costs accrued before receiving a credit, as well as costs accrued after all credits are used, will be charged to the payment method associated with the Bing Ads account. If customer payment fails, the coupon amount will not be applied.  Ads will continue to run and accrue costs after any promotional credit has been used up. Any portion of the credit not used within ninety (90) days of credit redemption will expire and can't be carried over even if the Bing Ads Customer switches their payment method. Offer valid only to residents of the United States. In order for the offer to be valid, a form of payment must be entered into your account prior to redemption of the promotional code and prior to your account going live to take advantage of the credit. This offer may not be combined with any other offer, promotional code coupon or discount, separated, redeemed for cash, transferred, sold, or bartered. Microsoft, in its sole discretion, can close your account for any suspected coupon abuse. Refund of the $25 is not permitted.  See Bing Ads Terms and Conditions for more details at sign-up. Other terms and conditions may apply.  Microsoft reserves the right to cancel, change, or suspend this offer at any time without notice.









See how Bing Ads works



Customers search


Customers see your ad


Customers contact you


Watch how Bing Ads works  
 








×
How Bing Ads works

















Help more customers find you
See how Bing can attract customers your Google AdWords campaigns can't.

Reach 137 million searchers on the Bing Network.1
Tap into 32.9% of the search marketplace.2
Get in front of searchers who spend 16 percent more than the average internet searcher.2











Powerful network. Powerful benefits.



Reach across devicesConnect with customers looking for your business anytime, anywhere, on any device.


Go global or localReach people in the Bing Network everywhere or focus on cities, counties and areas within a certain distance from your business.


Easy to importIf you're already using another product like Google Adwords, it's easy to pull that campaign into Bing Ads.








You control your costs

 Free sign-upJoin Bing Ads for free and control your account at every step.


 Only pay for clicksPay just when customers click on your ad. No click, no charge.


 No minimum feeStart advertising with a budget that works best for your business.









 



The advantage we gain in cost per click gives us a great return on investment — more than 35 percent better than Google AdWords.
Scott Redgate, search engine marketing manager — CJ Pony Parts
By using Bing Ads features like Image Extensions and Sitelink Extensions, this auto parts retailer races to convert customers and beat its competition.

 Read about driving more conversions







 



We might not get as much of the volume as with Google AdWords, but the volume of the traffic that we get converts really well at a lower cost.
Scott Schult, Executive Vice President of Marketing — Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau
The Myrtle Beach Area Convention and Visitors Bureau uses Bing Ads to drive site traffic and tourism at lower cost.

 Read about getting better ROI








Better results for less cost. That's as simple as I can make it. If I look at the quality of the traffic we get for the dollars we spend on Bing Ads, our ROI is fantastic.
Alex Littlewood, CEO   Motoroso
Motoroso, a market network for auto enthusiasts, gets better results for less cost and reaches a high-value audience with Bing Ads.

 Read about attracting quality traffic



 









Import your AdWords campaigns

Save time by importing your Google AdWords campaigns into Bing Ads to get ads live quickly.


Sign in with your Microsoft account (or create one) to get started on Bing Ads.


From within the Bing Ads interface, select the Import from Google AdWords option.


Enter your Google AdWords credentials and select the campaign you want to import.










Preview your ad

Get found online with search engine marketing. Make the most of your marketing dollars and drive customers to your business.
See how Bing Ads can work for you




















Get started today
Give us a few details about your business to create a Bing Ads account and get it up and running.


  
Sign up
Get started with Bing Ads 
Signing up is always free.













FAQ


Is Bing Ads right for me?

Is Bing Ads right for my business?
All types of businesses find value and success with Bing Ads. Whether you're focused on local calls and foot traffic, or want to drive traffic to your website from across the country or around the world. Bing Ads has solutions for you.
I already appear in search results for free. Why should I pay for advertising?
Your current customers may search for your business by name, aiming it easy to find you in search results. But customers you've yet to reach are more likely searching for general terms that wouldn't necessarily bring up your business in search results. Advertising next to relevant Bing search results puts your business front and center with interested customers you otherwise might not reach.
What is the difference between SEO and SEM? Which one is right for me?
Search engine optimization (SEO) is adjusting your website to improve your natural ranking in search results. You cannot pay to improve your website ranking on Bing or Yahoo, thus we often refer to these results and unpaid or "organic" search results.

	Clicks from SEO are free. But SEO also requires technical expertise and involves some factors over which you have only limited control.

	Search engine marketing (SEM) is paid advertising that appears next to or above unpaid (or "organic") search results. These paid ads are purchased through Bing Ads.

	You pay for SEM clicks. But SEM gives you more control over when your website appears on results pages and you decide how much you want to pay. And you can measure which ads are working and quickly improve your results.

	You don't have to choose between SEO and SEM. You can do both!
If my time is limited, should I still try Bing ads?
Yes! Call a Bing Ads specialist at 877-635-3561*and we’ll set up your first campaign for you for free. We’ll give you tips on getting the most out of your ads and set you up for success. We’re here to help.




About Bing Ads

Where does my ad appear?
Your ads could appear on the top or to the right of Bing, Yahoo, and MSN search results. And you can choose to target your ads to different geographic regions, times or days of the week, and even demographics.
What determines my ad position?
Bing Ads is a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising system. You bid based on how much you are willing to pay per each click on your ad. Because webpages have a limited number of places to show ads, we auction those spaces. You are bidding against other advertisers to get your ads into the space you want. So if you bid on the keyword "shoe", you will have to beat the bids of the other advertisers who are also bidding on "shoe." You determine how much you are willing to bid.
	Your ad position is based on several things, including:
	
How closely your ad and website fit with the terms that are searched (relevance).
How your bid compares to other bids in the Bing Ads auction.
How strongly your ad has performed in the past and how often it has been clicked (click-through rate).

	The stronger you are in these areas, the better your chances of winning the top ad position.




How to use Bing Ads

How can I use Bing Ads to drive more people to my website?
Here are some tips to get better results:
	
Review your budget and bid strategy. If your ad keeps pausing, your budget limit may be set too low. Competitive bids help your ad stay in a strong position to catch eyes and get more clicks to your website.
Expand your targeting, both for location and for devices (computer, mobile and tablet).
Make sure your ads and website are relevant to the keywords you bid on. Would someone searching your terms expect to see and ad for your business?


How can I keep my costs down?
While your first instinct may be to lower your budget, first try lowering your maximum bids. Yes, this could mean fewer customers visit your site. But if you increase your quality score and build ads with a strong performance history, you may be able to win a good ad position with a lower bid. That would lower your cost=per-click and help stretch your budget.
How do I know if Bing Ads is working?
View a wide range of performance trends in your account to quickly see key stats: ad clicks, the number of times your ad appeared (impressions), spend, average cost-per-click, click-through rate, average ad position, cost per acquisition, and conversions. You can also run performance reports to get insights into how well your campaigns are doing.
Can I run more than one ad?
Yes! In fact, we encourage it. Only one ad will show at a time but running multiple ads lets you test different approaches to see what's working best with your target customers. Frequently, businesses try out different ads for specific products or pages.




Getting started with Bing Ads

How do I get started?
Sign up for Bing Ads
Which keywords should I choose?
You have a few options to help choose your keywords. First you'll want to think of the terms one of your customers might use to search for your products and offerings. Those search terms are a great starting point. Then you can use tools right in your account to find more keywords. Within Bing Ads, click Campaigns on the top of the page. Click the Keywords tab, and then click Add Keywords. This will let you:
	
Search for new keywords based on one you enter.
Search a website for keywords.
Search your destination URLs for keywords.


How can I write a good ad?
Here are a few tips that can help make your ad stand out.
	
Keep your ads relevant. One way to improve relevance is to use your customer's most popular search terms in your ad titles and txt.
Describe what sets your product apart.
Use your customers' language. Use words and writing tone that are likely to attract your typical customer.
Be specific. This clearer and more specific your offering, the better. For example, rather than "big discount," specify and exact percentage, such as "50 percent off."
Give customers a reason to click your ad right now. Offer a specific call to action, such as encouraging customers to request a brochure or consultation, download a free e-book, subscribe to a newsletter, or take advantage of a limited-time discount.























Sign up with Bing Ads to get started





































