 




Robert H.B. Baldwin, Transformer of Morgan Stanley, Dies at 95 - The New York Times




































































































































NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.
LEARN MORE »









Sections

Home

Search
Skip to content
Skip to navigation
View mobile version




The New York Times





DealBook|Robert H.B. Baldwin, Transformer of Morgan Stanley, Dies at 95







Search

Subscribe Now
Log In
0
Settings




Close search



https://nyti.ms/22MWgSP








Advertisement













 



Supported by




Robert H.B. Baldwin, Transformer of Morgan Stanley, Dies at 95

By ROBERT D. McFADDENJAN. 6, 2016



Continue reading the main story
Share This Page

Continue reading the main story










Photo






Robert H. B. Baldwin in 1977. He was credited with pulling the firm out of its white-shoe rut.

Credit
            Neal Boenzi/The New York Times        



Robert H. B. Baldwin, a Wall Street maverick who presided over the transformation of Morgan Stanley from a prestigious but staid old investment bank into a modern, competitive financial services corporation in the 1970s and early ’80s, died on Sunday at a nursing home in Skillman, N.J., near Princeton. He was 95.His son Robert Jr. confirmed the death on Wednesday.At the start of Mr. Baldwin’s tenure, Morgan Stanley’s partners and clients wore old-school neckties, lunched at the same clubs and relied on sure things: underwriting bonds, genteel integrity, assured profits. But as Morgan Stanley’s gentlemanly mystique gave way to new regulations and cutthroat competition, Mr. Baldwin liked to remind them that he had worked his way through Princeton, and that his grandfather had been a railway conductor.In short, that he was not really one of them.A tough, brusque, often polarizing leader who struck colleagues as being out of place at Morgan Stanley, he was widely credited with pulling the firm out of its white-shoe rut into an era of enormous growth and painful change, less focused on exclusive services for blue-chip clients and more on the rough-and-tumble of securities trading, mergers and acquisitions and money management.As president from 1973 to 1982 and chairman until he retired at the end of 1983, Mr. Baldwin expanded Morgan Stanley into a full-service financial brokerage and changed a culture that had been entrenched for decades, with executive success often assured by family, social and educational connections.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

Mr. Baldwin, a protégé of Perry Hall, the managing partner from 1951 to 1961, recognized the flaws in the facade long before he took over. Until incorporating in 1970 and 1971, the firm was run like a 19th-century business, with many partners who strategized collegially but bothered little about long-range planning, modern management techniques or even detailed budgets. Continue reading the main story







Advertisement

Continue reading the main story





Morgan Stanley’s tweedy underwriters dealt almost exclusively with the chief executives of corporate America — American Telephone, General Electric, Exxon, DuPont and other giants — playing golf, taking leisurely lunches, giving advice and managing the sales of bond and stock issues without dickering over commissions or competing in open markets. Those relationships were not abandoned under Mr. Baldwin.But after the Securities and Exchange Commission abolished fixed commissions on stock trades in 1975, changes were inevitable. For Morgan Stanley, which sold blocks of stock for institutions at set fees, the new rule meant a huge loss of easy revenue and a need to compete for commissions. It could no longer monitor markets from a distance, but had to get down on trading floors and skirmish for bids and prices.Mr. Baldwin created a trading operation from scratch, and hired a big staff for it. The firm had long looked down on the trading-floor crowd as coarse. Now it needed traders capable of split-second, high-pressure decisions, people with quick wits, stamina and guts. Other firms were raided for talent. Incentive pay sharpened performances. Collegiality faded, competition raced ahead.Other traditions also fell. To get closer to clients, Morgan Stanley gave up its hallowed headquarters on Wall Street and moved to Midtown Manhattan. It established new offices in Europe, the Middle East and Asia. Instead of taking country club memberships, it rented Madison Square Garden sky boxes to entertain clients at Knicks and Rangers games.To compete for lucrative mergers and acquisitions, long shunned by Morgan Stanley’s etiquette, Mr. Baldwin named dozens of new executives whose expertise was in equities and hostile takeovers, not social relationships. The firm also began taking start-ups as clients, handled initial public offerings of stock and moved into wealth management for private clients.Morgan Stanley weathered a potential storm as the S.E.C.’s Rule 415 took effect in 1982. It allowed corporations, in favorable markets, to sell securities on short notice directly to investors, posing a threat to old-line firms, like Morgan, that had exclusive underwriting deals. But after first refusing to bend its old insistence on being the sole or lead manager of issues (as a result losing IBM as a client) Morgan adapted to the rule by sharing arrangements for managing issues, and by widening its sales.Growing pains nibbled at the fringes of Morgan Stanley’s integrity. In 1980, two former employees were charged with using confidential information to profit in stock trades. And in 1983, the firm, after long refusing to do business with the Teamsters union, began managing its $4.7 billion pension fund, long a target of corruption charges.
Newsletter Sign Up
Continue reading the main story

  


Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box.
Invalid email address. Please re-enter.
You must select a newsletter to subscribe to.



Sign Up







You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services.





Thank you for subscribing.
An error has occurred. Please try again later.
You are already subscribed to this email.
View all New York Times newsletters.


See Sample
Manage Email Preferences
Not you?
Privacy Policy
Opt out or contact us anytime




By the time Mr. Baldwin stepped down, Morgan Stanley had become a full-service financial hub. Its staff had grown tenfold to 2,600 and its capital to more than $300 million from $7.5 million in 1970. It was still one of the most prestigious names on Wall Street. But historians said the cost had been great.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

“Bob Baldwin probably saved the firm and destroyed its soul,” Ron Chernow wrote in “The House of Morgan: An American Banking Dynasty and the Rise of Modern Finance” (1990). “This new Morgan Stanley was a monument to his force and clear vision, a brilliant adaptation to altered circumstances. Yet he badly politicized a firm long unified by a special esprit de corps.”Robert Hayes Burns Baldwin was born on July 9, 1920, in East Orange, N.J., to John Frank and Anna Burns Baldwin. His grandfather really was a Pennsylvania Railroad conductor. Robert graduated from Phillips Exeter Academy in 1938. At Princeton, he ran a laundry to pay his way. He studied economics, played football, basketball and baseball, and graduated in 1942 with high honors. In World War II, he was a naval officer on two aircraft carriers.In 1949, he married Geraldine Gay Williams. They divorced. In 1981, Mr. Baldwin married Dorothy Tobin Ayres.Besides his son Robert, his survivors include another son, Whitney; three daughters, Janet K. Baldwin, Deborah Baldwin Fall and Elizabeth Baldwin Maushardt; two stepchildren, Mary Ayres Hack and W. Dillaway Ayres Jr.; and 13 grandchildren.Mr. Baldwin joined Morgan Stanley in 1946. He became a general partner in 1958 and a limited partner in 1965. From 1965 to 1967, he took a leave to be President Lyndon B. Johnson’s under secretary of the Navy.As president and chairman of Morgan Stanley for a decade, he was an influential voice on Wall Street, quoted by the press when interest rates changed, inflation worsened or government agencies imposed new regulations affecting the industry.His 1975 prediction that hundreds of brokerage firms would go out of business as a result of the new S.E.C. rule eliminating fixed commissions was quoted often as its accuracy became apparent over the next few years. In 1978, he signaled Wall Street’s cautious approval of a national market system linking the major securities exchanges electronically. And he spoke for many colleagues when he criticized President Jimmy Carter’s tax reforms and enthusiastically endorsed Ronald Reagan in 1980.When he stepped down as chairman at the end of 1983, he joined a board that informally advised Morgan Stanley on policy matters and business ventures. From 1989 to 1992, he was chairman of the Lodestar Group, a New York merchant bank.In later years, as Morgan Stanley became a global financial operation with 1,300 offices and 60,000 employees in 42 countries, Mr. Baldwin was remembered by old colleagues as a man of rough edges and driven energy, awkwardly misplaced among the Ivy Leaguers but the savior of a proud institution.

Advertisement

Continue reading the main story

“To the last, Baldwin remained hypercompetitive and bent on having his way,” Mr. Chernow wrote in his history of the House of Morgan. “Yet for all his flaws, the tough, tactless Baldwin had emerged as the most important person in modern Morgan Stanley history, giving the firm the market skills to compete in a world no longer based on old-school ties.”

 Correction: January 6, 2016  
        An earlier version of this obituary misstated the year of Mr. Baldwin’s marriage to Dorothy Tobin Ayres. It was 1981, not 1961.    


Continue reading the main story






We’re interested in your feedback on this page. Tell us what you think.

















What's Next


Loading...









Go to Home Page »

Site Index

The New York Times


























Robert H.B. Baldwin, Jr. : Communities In Schools
















































Twitter logo
An icon denoting a twitter profile name or link to Twitter



LinkedIn logo
An icon denoting a LinkedIn profile or link to LinkedIn



Facebook logo
An icon denoting a Facebook profile or link to Facebook



YouTube logo
An icon denoting a YouTube profile or link to YouTube



RSS Icon



Facebook Icon



Google Plus Icon



Twitter Icon



Instagram Icon



YouTube Icon



LinkedIn Icon



Pinterest Icon



Vine Icon



Tumblr Icon



Telephone
An icon of a telephone representing phone numbers



Checkmark
An icon of a checkmark



External Link
An icon denoting a link to an external website



Email
An icon denoting a mailto: link



Download
An icon denoting a download link
 


Menu Options
An icon denoting a dropdown menu
 


Menu Icon



File Link
An icon denoting a link to a report or file



Back Arrow
An icon denoting a link back to a parent section




Next Icon



Previous Icon



Search Icon



Play Icon



Play Icon (Alternate)



Academic Assistance Icon






Academic Difficulties Icon






Advocate Icon




Basic Needs Icon




Behavioral Interventions Icon





Bullying Icon








College and Career Prep Icon











Enrichment Icon

 


Family Engagement Icon





Health Care Icon




Incareration Icon
 

















Life Skills Icon




Mental Health Icon




Neglect Icon







Physical Health Icon





Service Learning Icon




Memorial Giving Icon





































Planned Giving Icon






Workplace Giving Icon




Stocks and Assets Icon









Corporations Icon





Foundations Icon




Donate Icon







Volunteer Icon















Robert H.B. Baldwin, Jr.
      

Vice Chairman, Heartland Payment Systems (Retired)
  








Robert H.B. Baldwin, Jr. retired as the vice chairman of Heartland Payment Systems in April, 2016, when the company was purchased by Global Payments Inc.  He was named to the board of Global Payments upon the closing of the transaction.  Mr. Baldwin joined Heartland as its chief financial officer in 2000, and became its president in 2007, prior to becoming vice chairman in 2012. Heartland Payment Systems was the fifth largest processor of card transactions in the United States. From July 1998 to May 2000, Mr. Baldwin served as the chief financial officer of COMFORCE Corp., a publicly-traded staffing company. From 1985 through July 1998, Mr. Baldwin was a managing director in Smith Barney's Financial Institutions advisory business, and from 1980 to 1985, he was a vice president with Citicorp. Mr. Baldwin received a bachelors degree in history from Princeton University and an MBA degree from Stanford University. He lives in Princeton, New Jersey with his wife, Margaret Sieck, and serves on the board of the Stony Brook-Millstone Watershed Association. 









Stay 


in Touch



Learn more about our work.
Sign up for our eNewsletter.





Menu











   Robert Baldwin | | ZoomInfo.com


  Page not found































Stay Connected

Latest Posts in RSS

BusinessEntertainmentFeatured Press ReleaseFinanceHealthLifestyleNationNon FirstPageOriginalReviewShoppingSportsStocksTravel


Latest Comments in RSS


 / 













EmpoweredNews
World News Summary Helping You Stay Informed
















Oops! There was a 404 Error! Page Not Found.


Unfortunately the page you were looking for could not be found. Possibly you have done a typo error in the address or the page might have been removed from this website.




 


News Categories 
Business (0)

Stocks (15,264)



Entertainment (1,297)

Featured Press Release (250,584)

Finance (309)

Health (653)

Lifestyle (19)

Nation (90)

Non FirstPage (2)

Original (47)

Review (1)

Shopping (267)

Sports (613)

Travel (286)







Photo Gallery








Log in 












	Robert BALDWIN Obituary - Princeton, NJ | The Palm Beach Post






 




















































































Obituaries


















 POWERED BYSearch












Services






The Mather-Hodge Funeral Home




40 Vandeventer Ave


Princeton, NJ  08542



(609) 924-0242


Website
View Map


Send Flowers







Memorial service

Saturday, Jan. 9, 2016


2:00 PM




Princeton University Chapel














+See Services Detail






Resources


More Obituaries for Robert BALDWIN


Looking for an obituary for a different person with this name?












Robert H.B. BALDWIN


Obituary
Condolences


































BALDWIN, Robert H.B.Robert H.B. Baldwin, former Chairman and President of Morgan Stanley & Co and Under Secretary of the Navy, died Sunday of pneumonia. He was 95. He was a resident of Hobe Sound, FL and had a home in Princeton, NJ. Mr. Baldwin was both witness to and agent of enormous transitions on Wall Street during his 37-year career, which was interrupted only by his service as Under Secretary of the Navy from 1965 to 1967. He started at Morgan Stanley in 1946, and was named Partner in 1958. During much of his career Morgan Stanley's business was focused entirely on advising and raising capital for corporations, relying on other firms to distribute the clients' securities. In 1971 Mr. Baldwin became President, and presided over the launch of a sales and trading business. Under his leadership the firm also added investment research, private wealth management and launched the industry's first dedicated Mergers and Acquisitions department. He was promoted to Chairman in 1979, and retired from the firm in 1983; at that time, Robert E. Linton, chairman of the Securities Industry Association, Wall Street's leading trade group, commented: 'He represented all the things that Morgan Stanley stood for, yet was modern enough to compete in the new world.' Very active in industry affairs, Mr. Baldwin served on the Board of the New York Stock Exchange from 1974 to 1977 and then was chairman of the Security Industries Association starting in 1977. Mr. Baldwin's many philanthropic endeavors included The Presbyterian Hospital of New York, where he was a trustee from 1973 until his death. In the early 1980s, he chaired a highly successful capital campaign resulting in the building of the Allen Pavilion. In addition, he was particularly proud of supporting a small project on the Lower East Side of New York, started by two dedicated social reformers led by William Milliken. Dedicated to tackling the high dropout rate of underserved youth, the project, now called Communities in Schools, has grown to have locations in 26 states, serving 1.5 million elementary, middle and high school students through 164 affiliates. Its proven model positions site coordinators inside schools to assess students' needs and provide resources to help them succeed in the classroom and in life, and it is the nation's largest and most effective organization dedicated to keeping kids in school. He was also active on the board of the Geraldine Rockefeller Dodge Foundation in Morristown, NJ, having been a founding Board member in 1974, and serving as President & CEO from 1987 to 1990, and Chairman from 1990 to 2000. Over the 30 years that he served on the Dodge Board, its assets grew from $60 million to $288 million and over this period the Foundation awarded 9,700 grants totaling $301million. Mr. Baldwin served on two Presidential Commissions, and during his stint as Under Secretary of the Navy he made two trips to Vietnam. At the end of his first trip in1965, he recommended the Navy use containers for its shipments to the area. After pursuing the idea for 18 months, the first containerized ship arrived in Vietnam in 1967, his last day of office. It was estimated that containerization reduced theft and spoilage sufficiently to save the government from $12 to $18 billion. Mr. Baldwin was born in East Orange, NJ on July 9, 1920. He graduated from Phillips Exeter Academy, cum laude, in 1938 and from Princeton University, summa cum laude, in 1942. While at Princeton, he was awarded letters in football, basketball, and baseball and was winner of the William Winston Roper Cup in 1942, the highest honor for a student-athlete at Princeton. After graduation, Mr. Baldwin volunteered for service in the Navy and graduated from Officer's Training School in December, 1942. He remained on active duty until April, 1946. He joined Morgan Stanley that month. Mr. Baldwin is survived by his wife of 34 years, Dorothy Tobin Baldwin; five children from his previous marriage to Geraldine Williams Baldwin: Janet K. Baldwin of New York, NY, Deborah Baldwin Fall of Chappaqua, NY, Robert H.B. Baldwin, Jr. of Princeton, NJ, Whitney H. Baldwin of Villanova, PA, and Elizabeth Baldwin Maushardt of Santa Cruz, CA, as well as two stepchildren, Mary A. Hack of Greenwich, CT and W. Dillaway Ayres, Jr. of Glen Cove, NY, and 13 grandchildren. A memorial service will be held in his honor at the Princeton University Chapel on Saturday, January 9 at 2 pm. He will be buried in the family plot in Bridgehampton, NY. In lieu of flowers, the family requests that donations be made to the National Office of Communities in Schools (www.communitiesinschools.org/donate). Arrangements are under the direction of the Mather-Hodge Funeral Home, Princeton, NJ.To express condolences and/or make donations: Visit PalmBeachPost.com/obituaries



Published in The Palm Beach Post from Jan. 8 to Jan. 9, 2016


Read More



Listen to Obituary










Remember
Share memories or express condolences below.



View All






Add Message







What will you miss most about Robert H.B. BALDWIN?

View Guest Book







 Add Photos
            



 Add Videos
            

















Resources



Send Funeral Flowers


View Funeral Home Details




Find Advice & Support


Funeral Etiquette


How to Write a Sympathy Note







< Back to today's Obituaries




























































Notify Friends and Family

Add the email addresses of friends or family members you'd like to notify about this obituary.

To: *Invalid To Email




From: *Invalid From Email



Message:






Optional

Please provide me with special offers and discounts from Legacy.com and selected partners.
Emails will be sent directly from Legacy.com. We respect your privacy and will not sell your information to a third party. You may opt out at any time. See privacy policy for details.





Your email was sent successfully.

Return to the obituary
Send another email



Share






























There was an error sending your email. Please try again.
We apologize for the inconvenience.












































 





BALDWIN ROBERT H B JR Top Holdings  

































WhaleWisdom









Search All
Search 13F Filers Only
Search SEC Filer
Search Stocks Only
Search Mgmt Inv. Cos Only
ETFs Only
Search Active




















                      BALDWIN ROBERT H B JR
                    

•   PRINCETON, NJ
                      
How do I update this listing?




                                             Baldwin Robert H B JR is based out of Princeton.    WhaleWisdom has at least 19 insider transactions (Form 3,4,5) in our database for Baldwin Robert H B JR. 
                                           














Summary
13D/G
Insider (Form 4)



   Create Email Alert
 




×
Email Notification.







                   ***Log In or
                   Sign-up
                   to see more advanced email alert options such as selecting any type of
                   SEC form, multiple filers or classes of filers, and much more.***
                 

                    ...or to simply have an email sent to you whenever we receive a new
                           13F filing from BALDWIN ROBERT H B JR, enter your
                    email address below and choose 'Submit'.
                

Your email:








Cancel














Contact Info




baldwin robert h b jr


C/O HEARTLAND PAYMENT SYSTEMS, INC.

PRINCETON
NJ
                                                        
                                                    08542


                                                      Business Phone:
                                                      6096833850
SEC SIC CODE:7389-SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC







Recent SEC Filings




4 filed on 07/14/2017
4 filed on 06/08/2017
4 filed on 05/19/2017
4 filed on 05/05/2017
4 filed on 04/21/2017
4 filed on 04/19/2017
4 filed on 03/22/2017
4 filed on 03/01/2017
4 filed on 02/23/2017
4 filed on 01/20/2017
















Schedule 13D and 13G events since 03/31/2017

Subscription required



 
Form 4 - Non-derivative Insider Transactions Since 03/31/2017
Loading...








Elevate your investments
Try it for free



















Whitney Baldwin And Miss Keane Are Wed in Rye - NYTimes.com




























































Log In
Register Now
Help



Home Page
Today's Paper
Video
Most Popular



    Edition: U.S. / Global








Search All NYTimes.com










Style





World
 
U.S.
 
N.Y. / Region
 
Business
 
Technology
 
Science
 
Health
 
Sports
 
Opinion
 
Arts
 
Style
Fashion & StyleDining & WineHome & GardenWeddings/CelebrationsT MagazineInternational DiningInternational Style 
Travel
 
Jobs
 
Real Estate
 
Autos








Whitney Baldwin And Miss Keane Are Wed in Rye
Published: May 10, 1987









                    Mary Elizabeth Keane, a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas F. Keane Jr. of Rye, N.Y., was married there yesterday to Whitney Hayes Baldwin, a son of Geraldine W. Baldwin of Morristown, N.J., and Robert H. B. Baldwin of New York and Bridgehampton, L.I. Msgr. Donald J. Pryor performed the ceremony at the Roman Catholic Church of the Resurrection.        

                    Ann L. Varalli was maid of honor and John Galbraith was best man.        

                    Mrs. Baldwin, who is known as Marybeth, was until recently a broker's assistant in the institutional sales department at Kidder Peabody & Company in New York. She graduated from Endicott College and attended the American University in Washington. Her father is a partner in Keane & Beane, a law firm in White Plains and Rye, and her mother, Diane A. Keane, is vice chairman of the Westchester County Board of Legislators.        

                    Mr. Baldwin, a graduate of the Newark Academy and Princeton University, received an M.B.A. degree from Stanford University. He is an assistant product director for Personal Products, a division of Johnson & Johnson in Milltown, N.J. His father is chairman of the advisory board of directors and former chairman and president of the Morgan Stanley Group Inc., the holding company of Morgan Stanley & Company in New York.        

                    Photo of Marybeth Baldwin        








 














 

















 

            Inside NYTimes.com        








Health &raquo 



Too Hot to Handle





Arts » 



The Harmony of Liberty




Opinion »
Should Beach Privatization Be Allowed?
Room for Debate asks whether shorefront homeowners should have to open their land to all comers.





Sports » 



A Woman’s Leadership May Steady Murray










Opinion » 



Menagerie: Streaming Eagles





U.S. »




Curlers’ Aim: Sweep to a Win Over the Heat





Television » 



The Cold War Brews Anew in Prime Time





Book Review » 



Command Performance





Opinion » 



Op-Ed: Fooling Mexican Fans





World »




Reading, Writing and Allegations




Opinion »
Op-Ed: Elite, Separate, Unequal
New York City’s top public schools must become more diverse.





Business »




Vice Has Media Giants Salivating
















