





Ball, George L. - The Wall Street Transcript











































 





































George L. Ball
George L. Ball is the Chairman and CEO of Sanders Morris Harris Group Inc. SMHG’s subsidiaries and affiliates deliver wealth advisory and asset management services to institutional investors and to high net worth and mass affluent households. The firm’s longstanding philosophy of “investment in common” reflects its commitment to aligning its interests with those of its clients. A Director of the firm since 1992, Mr. Ball began his career by serving two years in the United States Navy after earning an economics degree at Brown University. After leaving the military, he joined E.F. Hutton & Co. as a Stockbroker. He became Regional Vice President, Director of Research, and then National Sales Manager before being named President at the age of 39. He left E.F. Hutton to become CEO of Bache & Company, which had been acquired by Prudential Insurance Company of America. By the time he left the firm, Prudential Bache had grown to become the fourth largest securities firm in the United States. Mr. Ball appears frequently on CNBC and other television networks. He is a Former Governor of the American Stock Exchange and the Chicago Board Options Exchange, and he served on the executive committee of the Securities Industries and Financial Markets Association.
Related Interviews:Sanders Morris Harris Group Inc. - George L. BallMarch 21, 2011







CartLatest NewsAll American USC Footbal Player Joseph M. Boskovich Jr. Now Picks All American Value Stocks for his ClientsPaul Hogan Picks Tech Dividend Growers Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP), Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) and Versum Materials (NYSE:VSM)600 Gallons of Water to Produce a McDonalds (NYSE:MCD) Quarter Pounder:  How Will Investors Profit?The Wall Street Transcript is a completely unique resource for investors and business researchers.Over 20,000 CEO, Equity Analyst and Money Manager InterviewsSubscribe now!Sign Up For Newsletter Weekly email with New In-Depth Interviews


Email: 



Most Popular InterviewsProtecting Assets Through a Rules-Based FundPaula R. Wieck Published July 24, 2017 in Investing StrategiesBuy ($25)Managing Risk Through Strict Quality StandardsJeffrey P. CornellMichael S. Jordan Published July 24, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: AAPL GOOG SAP NSRGY Buy ($25)Identifying Emerging-Market and International Stocks with a Bottom-Up ProcessRahul  Sharma Published July 24, 2017 in Investing StrategiesCompanies covered: 600690 GE ASX TSM HDFC LUKOY XOM TOT RDS/A IBULHSGFIN ARCLK Buy ($25)Most Popular ReportsInvesting Strategies Published July 24, 2017Buy ($175)Wireless Communications & Telecom Published July 14, 2017Buy ($175)Investing Strategies Published July 11, 2017Buy ($175) 






Top Company Interviews






Register for a Free Account to gain greater access to
            The Wall Street Transcript right now




CEO INTERVIEWSInterview with the President and CEO: Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS)Interview with the Corporate VP of Business Development, Strategy and Investor Relations: DSP Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:DSPG)Interview with the CEO and Director: Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:TCMD) 

SECTOR ROUNDTABLESNatural Gas Weighs Heavy On E&P Near-Term ProspectsRoundtable Forum:optimism Despite Uncertainty In For-profit EducationRoundtable Forum:a Shift In Focus To Natural Gas From Oil 

MONEY MANAGER INTERVIEWSProtecting Assets Through a Rules-Based FundManaging Risk Through Strict Quality StandardsIdentifying Emerging-Market and International Stocks with a Bottom-Up Process 

ANALYST INTERVIEWSAnalyzing the Secular Drivers Within Communications Infrastructure and TelecomSatellite Companies Benefiting from Growth in Data TrafficIncreased Focus on Content as Consumers Shift to Digital Consumption 




Subscribe Today!







                Since 1963
                © The Wall Street Transcript 1997-2016
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy  
            





https://www.twst.com/wp-admin/admin-ajax.php

Pin It on Pinterest





































Share This





Twitter





Facebook





Google+





Gmail





LinkedIn








































×





Join now for free!
Already a member?






First Name 





Last Name 





Email address *








Create new account
 


or create an account with a social network.

Join with Facebook


Join with Twitter


Join with Google








Username or Email address: *





Password: *






LoginJoin now! | Forgot password?
 


or login using a social network


Log in with Facebook


Log in with Twitter


Log in with Google

































 



 George L. Ball Appointed to NCI Building System’s Board of Directors 
         










    










 






 











 









George L. Ball Appointed to NCI Building System's Board of Directors

Feb 26, 2014, 12:55 ET
		  		  											
						 from   NCI Building Systems, Inc. 











 
















































 

 




















 


HOUSTON, Feb. 26, 2014 /PRNewswire/ -- NCI Building Systems, Inc. (NYSE:   NCS) announced today the appointment of George L. Ball as a director of the Company to fill an existing vacancy on the board.  He will serve on NCI's Audit Committee and Compensation Committee.  NCI's board consists of 10 members, six of whom are independent directors.
"I am very pleased George has joined the NCI board," said Norman C. Chambers, NCI's Chairman, President and CEO.  "His background in engineering and construction combined with expert knowledge in accounting, controls and compliance will certainly benefit the Company as we execute our comprehensive strategy."
Currently, Ball is the Chief Financial Officer of Parsons Corporation, a $3 billion leading international engineering, construction, and management services firm based in Pasadena, California.  Since joining Parsons in 1995, Ball has served in various capacities including Corporate Controller and International Division Manager of the Infrastructure & Technology Group.
Ball received his B.S. in Accounting from Drexel University in Philadelphia.  He currently serves as a trustee for the Los Angeles County Arboretum and is Chairman of the Ronald McDonald House Charities of Southern California.
ABOUT NCI Building Systems
NCI Building Systems, Inc. is one of North America's largest integrated manufacturers of metal products for the nonresidential building industry. NCI is comprised of a family of companies operating manufacturing facilities across the United States and Mexico, with additional sales and distribution offices throughout the United States and Canada. 
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as "believe," "guidance," "potential," "expect," "should," "will," "forecast" and similar expressions are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements reflect our current expectations, assumptions and/or beliefs concerning future events. As a result, these forward-looking statements rely on a number of assumptions, forecasts, and estimates and, as a result, these forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that may cause the Company's actual performance to differ materially from that projected in such statements. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include, but are not limited to industry cyclicality and seasonality and adverse weather conditions; ability to service the Company's debt; ability to integrate Metl-Span with the Company's business or to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisition; fluctuations in customer demand and other patterns; raw material pricing and supply; competitive activity and pricing pressure; general economic conditions affecting the construction industry; financial crises or fluctuations in the U.S. and abroad; changes in laws or regulations; and the volatility of the Company's stock price. The Company's SEC filings, including our most recent reports on Form 10-K, particularly under Item 1A "Risk Factors" in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended November 3, 2013, identify other important factors, though not necessarily all such factors, that could cause future outcomes to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. NCI expressly disclaims any obligation to release publicly any updates or revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect any changes in its expectations.
Contact:
Layne de Alvarez
Vice President, Investor Relations
281-897-7710
 SOURCE  NCI Building Systems, Inc.  




  

 View Table Fullscreen 




  View Table Fullscreen 





Journalists and Bloggers
The news you need, when you need it.
 
Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier.
In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need.
LEARN MORE




 

 
 



















































  











Mar 03, 2014, 16:05 ET
Preview: NCI Building Systems to Participate at Stephens 6th Annual West Coast One-on-One Conference













Feb 25, 2014, 16:15 ET
Preview: NCI Building Systems to Present at Sidoti & Company's 18th Annual Emerging Growth Institutional Investor Forum






My News


  Release contains wide tables.	  View fullscreen.






 Read More





May 24, 2017, 07:00 ET
NCI Building Systems Announces the Implementation of Senior...








May 24, 2017, 07:00 ET
NCI Building Systems Reports Second Quarter 2017 Results








May 24, 2017, 07:00 ET
NCI Building Systems Announces Fiscal Year 2017 Second Quarter...











Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire?
Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform.
Sign up to get started
Request more information
Have an account? Log In

 















Search











Searching for your content...









Advanced Search












































 


  



Product Categories  Other George L’s Products | Online Store - Steel Guitars Of Canada | Page 2













































↓ 






Online Store – Steel Guitars Of Canada
 






Skip to primary content
Skip to secondary content
 
 



 SGC Logo
 
 SGC Your Cart
 

 

EMAIL:steelcan@steelguitarcanada.com 
PHONE:(905) 355-3056(TALK LINE)
TOLL-FREE:1-877-673-6394(ORDER LINE ONLY)
FAX:(905) 355-2811




STORE HOURS (EST):

MONDAY 9:00 - 17:50
TUESDAY 9:00 - 21:00
WEDNESDAY 9:00 - 21:00
THURSDAY 9:00 - 21:00
FRIDAY 9:00 - 21:00
SATURDAY 9:00 - 17:00
SUNDAY BY APPOINTMENT



ADDRESS:


566 Dudley Road
COLBORNE 
Ontario K0K 1S0
CANADA



 

 
 Carter Parts
 
  


 






Other George L's Products







				Pages: « First < Previous 12 3Next >Last » 








George L’s Stress-Relief Jackets for Right-Angle Plugs (White)

Price: $1.50









											Updating cart…										










George L’s Stress-Relief Jackets for Right-Angle Plugs (Yellow – 7 Only)

Price: $1.50









											Updating cart…										










George L’s Stress-Relief Jackets for Straight Plugs (Black)

Price: $2.00









											Updating cart…										










George L’s Stress-Relief Jackets for Straight Plugs (Blue)

Price: $2.00









											Updating cart…										











George L’s Stress-Relief Jackets for Straight Plugs (Gray)

Price: $2.00









											Updating cart…										










George L’s Stress-Relief Jackets for Straight Plugs (Green)

Price: $2.00









											Updating cart…										










George L’s Stress-Relief Jackets for Straight Plugs (Red)

Price: $2.00









											Updating cart…										










George L’s Stress-Relief Jackets for Straight Plugs (White)

Price: $2.00









											Updating cart…										











George L’s Stress-Relief Jackets for Straight Plugs (Yellow)

Price: $2.00









											Updating cart…										










Pedal Rod Connector In-Line with Ball Joint

Price: $9.00









											Updating cart…										










Pedal Rod Connector Side Mount with Ball Joint

Price: $9.00









											Updating cart…										










Pedal Rod Extenders 1 inch

Price: $7.00









											Updating cart…										











Pedal Rod Extenders 2 Inch

Price: $7.00









											Updating cart…										










Pedal Rod Extenders 3 Inch

Price: $7.00









											Updating cart…										










Pre-made .155 cable 10 ft. with Nickel Straight & Right Angle 1/4″ plugs

Price: $50.00









											Updating cart…										










Pre-made .155 cable 10 ft. with Nickel Straight 1/4″ plugs

Price: $50.00









											Updating cart…										











Pre-made .155 cable 3 ft. with Nickel Straight & Right Angle 1/4″ plugs

Price: $30.00









											Updating cart…										










Pre-made .155 cable 3 ft. with Nickel Straight 1/4″ plugs

Price: $30.00









											Updating cart…										










Pre-made .155 cables 3 ft. & 10 ft. with Nickel Straight Plugs

Price: $70.00









											Updating cart…										










Pre-made .225 cable 10 ft. with Nickel Straight & Right Angle 1/4″ Plugs

Price: $50.00









											Updating cart…										






				Pages: « First < Previous 12 3Next >Last » 










↑



 











George L Ball | SCORE













 







Skip to main content








Search

Search


Search 










SCORE













George L Ball


Wilmington, NC 


Chapter: 
 Cape Fear Region


Languages: 
 English





Contact George's Chapter 







How I can help you


	Science & Technology project management and implementation.

	Contract R&D. Contract acquisition and management (administrative and technical).

	15+ years as a SCORE Counselor/Mentor.

Areas of Expertise

Business Strategy & Planning
Intellectual Property
Manufacturing & Product Development
Business Operations
Technology & IT Services


Industry Experience

Government Contracting
Manufacturing & Mining
Technology and Web-Based Services
Consulting, Research and Business Services


Education

	BS Physics Franklin & Marshall College

	MS Physics University of Louisville

	Monsanto Management Courses

	UNC Wilmington Continuing Education

	SCORE Mentor Certification


 

























Communication Methods



In Person


















 




George L Ball - Houston, TX | Intelius



























Sign In



We found George L Ball in Houston, TX


George L Ball

                                                                           Intelius found that George L Ball  is  a male between 70 and 80 years old from Houston, TX.  We have connected them to
                19 addresses,
                10 phones,
                and 7 relatives or associates.
         






Get Report Now

Age

George L Ball is in his 70s

George Has Lived In

Houston, TX
Short Hills, NJ
Greenwich, CT

George's Relatives

Bonner Ball
Susan Huffard
M Ball
Mary Ball







George L Ball



Zodiac SignLibra



GenderMale



Professional Status
Chairman at Nestor Inc



Get Report Now










Want to know more about George? Get a comprehensive background report, find full phone numbers, and other contact information when available, all from billions of available public records.
            Continue below for more details about George, or use our people search engine to find others.
Get Background Check on George L Ball
Get a Criminal Check on George L Ball
Get a Public Record Report on George L Ball
Get a People Search Report on George L Ball


George L Ball's Contact Information
Known Cities Lived In
Find out where George L Ball has lived as well as George L Ball's phone numbers and email addresses.




George L Ball Has Lived in 7 States
Texas Address for George L Ball


1214 A****** D* 

Houston, TX


Has Lived In

Houston, TX
Short Hills, NJ


Get Full Address Report










Phone Numbers Associated with George L Ball

(713) ***-**** - Houston, TX 
(203) ***-**** - Greenwich, CT 
(508) ***-**** - Nantucket, MA 


Get Full Phone Report



Email Addresses Associated with George L Ball

g*******e@***.com
b********8@***.com


Get Email Report




George L Ball's Education Information
Known Schools Attended
Learn about George L Ball's academic history.  Find out which schools George L Ball attended, the dates attended as well as the degrees George L Ball received.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


George L Ball Has Attended 1 School
Brown University 1956 – 1960                              


George L Ball's Professional Information
Information regarding George L Ball's professional history.  Find out previous places George L Ball has worked as well as dates employed.
            The following data is not guaranteed for accuracy and should not be used for employment, insurance, credit eligibility, or for any other purpose covered under the Fair Credit Reporting Act.


George L Ball Has Worked at 3 Places
Company: Nestor Inc
               Title: Chairman
Company: Sanders Morris Harris Group Inc.
               Title: Chairman
George L Ball's Experience
Title: Chairman
               Company: Nestor Inc
Job Details
               Nestor, Inc. is a provider of automated traffic enforcement systems and services to state and local governments throughout the United States and Canada. The Company offers both a video-based automated red light enforcement system and a multi-lane, bi-directional scanning light detection and ranging, (LiDAR), speed enforcement system. It also offers a Video Detection and Ranging (ViDAR) speed detection and imaging system to complement its other products. It also offers CrossingGuard, a red light enforcement product; Poliscanspeed, one of its speed enforcement products, which uses technology developed by Vitronic GmbH. ViDAR uses average speed over distance calculations to detect and record evidence of speeding vehicles.(Source: 10-K)
Title: Chairman
               Company: Sanders Morris Harris Group Inc.
Job Details
               Sanders Morris Harris Group Inc. (SMHG) is a wealth management company. Through its subsidiaries and affiliates, it provides wealth management services to a range of investors. Its businesses include asset management activities, programs, and products to support its wealth managers. In addition, it offers a variety of trading, sales and research services for institutional investors. In May and December 2009, SMHG completed transactions with Ric Edelman. In December 2009, it completed a transaction pursuant, to which it contributed its investment banking and certain of its institutional equity and fixed income trading operations (excluding The Juda Group and the Concept Capital division) to Madison Williams and Company, LLC. The Company is organizes in three sectors: Mass Affluent, High Net Worth and Institutional Services.
Additional Professional Information on George L Ball

 See George L Ball's LinkedIn Profile



George L Ball's Social Network and Potential Email Matches
Find out potential social network profiles and potential email usernamed for George L Ball


George L Ball's known Social Networks And Potential Email Matches

Find all of George L Ball's Social Network Profiles

Get Full Report

Search Social Networks
Including Facebook, LinkedIn, MySpace, Google, Twitter, Yahoo, Jigsaw, ZoomInfo and more



Potential Email Matches
George Ball
Username Matches

                  GeorgeBall
                  BallGeorge
                  George.Ball
                  Ball.George
                  George_Ball
                  Ball_George
                  George-Ball
                  Ball-George
                  GBall
               


Popular Email Services

@gmail.com
@aol.com
@yahoo.com
@comcast.net
@hotmail.com
@msn.com
@rocketmail.com
@att.net
@sbcglobal.net
@ymail.com
@facebook.com
@mail.com
@bellsouth.net
@live.com
@earthlink.net
@cox.net
@prodigy.net
@me.com
@peoplepc.com
@juno.com
@rediffmail.com
@mindspring.com
@comcast.com
@charter.net
@outlook.com




All trademarks, product names, company names or logos on this page are the property of their respective owners.
Related People Searches
G Ball







         Intelius is a leading provider of public data about people and their connections to others. Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). This site should not be used to determine an individual’s eligibility for credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose covered by the FCRA. For employment or tenant screening services, please visit our partner Talentwise.
      

About Us
Site Map
About Our Reports
Blog
Help
Contact Us

© 2003 – 2017 PeopleConnect, Inc. d/b/a Intelius. All Rights Reserved.
         Privacy Policy - UPDATED
Terms of Service - UPDATED






What is the FCRA?
The Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FCRA") is a federal law that promotes the accuracy, fairness and privacy of information in the files of consumer reporting agencies.
Intelius does not provide consumer reports and is not a consumer reporting agency as defined by the FCRA. Intelius reports cannot be used for background checks related to consumer credit, insurance, employment, housing or any other purpose
                  prohibited under the FCRA.
You may not use any information obtained from Intelius for any purpose covered by the FCRA.
Find out more about the FCRA here.













	Ball - History & Timeline

















   




























Search:









 

 




History & Timeline
HomeAbout BallOverviewHistory & Timeline

From Wood-Jacketed Tins To Aerospace

Five brothers founded Ball in 1880 with a $200 loan from their Uncle George. In the beginning, they made wood-jacketed tin cans for products like paint and kerosene, but soon expanded their offerings to glass- and tin-jacketed containers. In 1884, the brothers began making glass home-canning jars, the product that established Ball as a household name. The brothers—Edmund, Frank, George, Lucius and William—moved the company from Buffalo, New York, to Muncie, Indiana, in 1887 to take advantage of abundant natural gas reserves essential to making glass.

Ball grew rapidly in the ensuing decade and has been in more than 45 businesses since its founding. Ball no longer manufactures the ubiquitous canning jars, but we’ve expanded and grown into a worldwide metal packaging company that makes billions of recyclable metal containers, and a unique aerospace business that designs one-of-a-kind solutions to answer scientific and technical challenges. We manufacture on four continents and we’re based in Broomfield, Colorado. For a more detailed journey through Ball’s successes, visit our timeline.


The Ball Family
The Ball Family becomes a household name in the U.S.

THE PARENTS
Mr. Ball was a farmer, inventor, and respected citizen who instilled confidence in his sons and assured them that they would succeed in whatever they undertook. Mrs. Ball, a schoolteacher, gave her children love, inspiration, and direction. She urged them to go into business together. The five Ball brothers established a company in 1880 that would go on to become an international success story. Each of the brothers contributed unique talents and expertise to their venture.

Lucius Styles Ball (1814-1878) and Maria Polly Bingham Ball (1822-1892) had six sons and two daughters:
Lucina Amelia (1847-1901); Lucius Lorenzo (1850-1932); William Charles (1852-1921);
Edmund Burke (1855-1925); Frank Clayton (1857-1943); Mary Frances (1860-1926);
George Alexander (1862-1955); and Clinton Harvey (1867-1869).
The family was raised in eastern Ohio, in Grand Island on the Niagara River, and on the shore of Lake Canandaigua, New York.

THE BALL BROTHERS

Edmund B. Ball - 1855-1925
Edmund borrowed $200 from his Uncle George to buy the Wooden Jacket Can Co., the forerunner of what would become Ball Corporation. He served as secretary and treasurer of the incorporated Ball Brothers Glass Manufacturing Company. Ed was well liked by plant employees, who once presented him with a gold pocket watch in appreciation for his efforts. Ed was known for his humanitarian strengths, although he preferred to stay in the background of his many community affairs. It was his wish that the Ball Brothers Foundation be organized, and from his estate came its original funding. The foundation's first major project, Ball Memorial Hospital in Muncie, was completed four years after his death. His son, Edmund F. Ball, went on to serve the company as chairman, president, and CEO for 18 years.

Frank C. Ball - 1857-1943
An early salesman for the Wooden Jacket Can Co., Frank was responsible for moving the family from Buffalo, N.Y., to Muncie, Ind., in 1887. Frank served as the first company president, and remained in that capacity for 63 years.

George A. Ball - 1862-1955
During his long and active lifetime, George served the company as bookkeeper, secretary, treasurer, vice president, president, and board chairman. He participated in the company's evolution from kerosene cans and fruit jars to the threshold of the space age. He served on the boards of numerous organizations including Borg-Warner Corporation, Nickel Plate Railroad, various banks, Indiana University, Ball State Teachers College (today, Ball State University) and Ball Memorial Hospital. In 1935, he became the owner of a railroad empire. He was also involved in politics, and was a Republican national committeeman from Indiana for several years.

Lucius L. Ball - 1850-1932
Lucius fulfilled his lifelong ambition (after he had seen to it that his younger brothers and sisters were educated and established) to study and become a physician at the age of 40. He was a quiet, thoughtful, compassionate man with a shy sense of humor. In addition to his private medical practice, he served as medical adviser for the Western Reserve Life Insurance Company (then located in Muncie, Ind.).

William C. Ball - 1852-1921
William had a reputation as being a tremendously effective salesman. He served the company as a salesman and its secretary until his death at age 69.


Timeline

The Ball brothers' founding spirit lives on today in everything from our metal beverage packaging to our cutting-edge aerospace division. Ball's approach has always been “We Can!” and in the 21st century, we remain true to our roots.

Below you’ll find highlights from our last 50 years and if you’re interested, you can download our popular History of Ball poster for a fun review of our century-plus of innovation.
 




2010
Ball acquires Neuman Aluminum, the leading North American manufacturer of aluminum slugs used to make extruded aerosol cans, beverage bottles, aluminum collapsible tubes, and technical impact extrusions; and Aerocan S.A.S., a leading supplier of aluminum aerosol cans and bottles in Europe. Ball becomes the largest supplier of aluminum slugs in the world.



2009
Ball acquires four metal beverage can plants from AB InBev, making Ball the largest supplier of beverage cans in the world.



2006
Ball acquires U.S. Can, a U.S.-based aerosol and specialty metal packaging company, and merges it with Ball’s metal food-packaging operations to form the metal food and household products packaging division.



2002
Ball acquires Schmalbach-Lubeca AG, the German-based metal-can beverage company, and creates Ball Packaging Europe, boosting Ball’s beverage can sales by more than $1 billion.



1998
Ball acquires the metal-container beverage assets of Reynolds Metals Company, making Ball the largest supplier of metal beverage cans in North America, and one of the largest in the world.



1998
Ball Corporate headquarters relocated from Muncie, Ind., to Broomfield, Colo.



1997
Ball acquires M.C. Packaging Ltd. in China. MCP, combined with Ball’s FTB Packaging Ltd. joint venture in China, makes Ball the largest supplier of cans in that nation.



1996
Ball-Foster Glass Container Co. creates a joint-venture glass company with Group Saint Gobain, in September 1995. Ball sells its remaining interest in Ball-Foster to Group Saint Gobain in 1996 and exits the glass business.



1995
Ball’s aerospace business converts to a wholly owned subsidiary, Ball Aerospace & Technologies Corp. of Broomfield, Colorado.



1993
Ball acquires Heekin Can, Inc. Heekin is the largest regional manufacturer of metal food containers in the U.S. prior to the acquisition. Combined with Ball Packaging Products Canada, Inc.’s six plants, the eleven former Heekin plants make Ball the third-largest producer of metal food-and-aerosol cans in the North American market.



Ball
			Corporation
			(NYSE:BLL)

1973
Ball listed on New York Stock Exchange under ticker symbol "BLL".



1969
Company name changed to Ball Corporation.



1969
Ball acquires the Jeffco Manufacturing Company in Denver and forms metal beverage container operations.



1956
Ball forms the Ball Brothers Research Corporation. Known today as Ball Aerospace & Technologies Corp., the corporation produces space systems engineering products, telecommunications technology, and electro-optics and cryogenics materials for government and commercial customers.



1922
Company name changes to Ball Brothers Company.



1886
Ball Brothers Glass Manufacturing Company was incorporated.



1880
Frank and Edmund Ball start the Wooden Jacketed Can Company in Buffalo, New York.




 









































































 Lonzo And LaVar Ball's Lakers Dreams Come True | SI.com




















































              NBA
            




Lonzo, The Lakers And An L.A. Dream Come True































1:38 | NBA
The Lonzo and LaVar Ball strategy





Quickly

A hometown product is about to breathe new life into the Lakers. How long until another LA native joins him? Lonzo Ball's Laker dreams are coming true—will Paul George's soon follow?






Share




 



twitter 














Lee Jenkins
Friday June 23rd, 2017



LOS ANGELES — This is an L.A. basketball story. In March 2004, UCLA lost in the opening round of the Pac-10 tournament to Washington, and after the game head coach Ben Howland took his staff to a revolving restaurant on the top floor of the Holiday Inn. The Bruins had gone 11-17 in Howland’s first season and his assistants were obviously anxious. Howland was not known for dramatic gestures, but at one point during the dinner, he stood up and faced the window looking out over Interstate 405. It was 11 p.m. and traffic was at a standstill. “We’re going to be just fine,” Howland said, “and do you know why? Because there are people out there. A lot of people.” Among those natives who care about hoops, many grow up wanting to play for UCLA. All grow up wanting to play for the Lakers. 
Over the next several years, L.A. and its suburban sprawl cranked out Russell Westbrook and James Harden, Paul George and Kawhi Leonard, Klay Thompson and DeMar DeRozan, a stunning constellation of stars. Howland was replaced by Steve Alford and the Holiday Inn by the Hotel Angeleno. The city’s talent pool dipped, and then rose again, led by a telepathic point guard from Chino Hills who was 6 when he started throwing alley-oops to high-school kids and playing YMCA games against adults. Lonzo Ball enrolled at UCLA last fall, and by January, general managers were saying he’d be one of the top two prospects drafted. The Lakers, then looking like upstarts, seemed to have no chance at him. But Ball’s friends and family kept following the hometown team, silently celebrating every second-half loss, each one inching their beloved baller closer to Staples Center.











NBA
2017 NBA Draft Grades: Best And Worst Picks




​




Like LeBron James in ’03 and Derrick Rose in ’08, Ball was destined to stay local, an oversized floor general joining a team run by Magic Johnson and coached by Luke Walton. At the Finals, Warriors staffers wondered who the Lakers would tab with the No. 2 pick, but they knew exactly who would fit best in the system Steve Kerr implemented and Walton studied. Other candidates had more quickness and athleticism. “Lonzo,” one of the Dubs coaches said, “has the feel.” The Lakers did not get distracted by Ball’s outrageous father or his exorbitant footwear. They focused on that feel. “We hope that by the way he plays,” Walton said Thursday night, “everybody else on our team becomes better.”















Jesse D. Garrabrant/Getty Images

​
Some standouts prefer to get away from home, escaping all the ticket requests and dinner invitations, but LaVar Ball instructed his eldest son long ago to accept those burdens and consider the benefits. “When things aren’t going your way, you’re still somewhere you want to be,” LaVar told Lonzo, before he committed to UCLA. “You can always just come back up the freeway and reboot.” Lonzo does not follow his father’s lead in every area—“I don’t think I say anything too crazy,” he muses—but he embraced that bit of advice. “I always play for my hometown,” Lonzo said, which brings us to another one of those prized Southland products.


The Lakers have always been able to attract talent with tradition, sunshine and commercial opportunities, but they now seem to be exploiting their significant home-court advantage with the current generation. Pacers star Paul George, in a style more understated than LaVar’s, has made clear that he too wants to be back in L.A when he becomes a free agent in 2018. After Jimmy Butler was traded from Chicago to Minnesota on Thursday, George became the specter hovering over draft night. While other teams debated how many assets to surrender for a superstar who might leave anyway, the Lakers wrestled with the opposite issue: how many assets to yield for a player who might sign anyway.











NBA
2017 NBA Draft Grades: Pick-By-Pick Analysis




​
If the Lakers do not acquire George this summer, even as a preemptive strike, they are going to struggle badly again next season. Ball will elevate the group, as Walton expects, but he needs shooters around him and L.A. just parted with its two most prolific snipers: Nick Young, who opted to become a free agent, and D’Angelo Russell, who was sent to Brooklyn as the chaser for Timofey Mozgov’s contract. The Lakers have cited Russell’s immaturity, but he is only 21, and he was picked second two years ago. Pushed out of his point guard spot, Russell might have faltered, but he also might have flourished, as a shooter and playmaker off the ball.















Jesse D. Garrabrant/Getty Images

The Lakers did not take the time to find out, throwing their chips on Ball and Brandon Ingram, plus one blank space they hope will be occupied by George and another they dream will be taken by LeBron James. Of course, James is from Akron, not L.A., but he summers in Brentwood, so home court is again a factor. Before any long-term decisions are made, though, potential free agents will want to get a glimpse of Ball. No sooner had he been chosen Friday and his father was already making playoff guarantees, followed by a Twitter plea from 76ers center Joel Embiid for power forward Ben Simmons to “dunk on him so hard that his daddy runs on the court to save him.”                 


Ball is used to the bullseye, as is his new coach. In 2003, every Lakers veteran was allowed to co-opt a rookie, and they all wanted Walton because they were angry about comments his father once made on TV. Competition was so fierce they held an auction, with Karl Malone bidding $25,000, edging Shaquille O’Neal. “I had a target on my back from my dad,” Walton said, “and it worked out.” Once the Mailman met Luke, he realized he couldn’t haze him.











NBA
Trade Grades: Wolves Fleece Bulls In Jimmy Butler Blockbuster




​​
If anyone can temper LaVar, for his son’s sake, it might be Magic Johnson, L.A.’s biggest baller of all. Magic’s scouting acumen may be unknown, but his gravity and charm are legend. He will have much wisdom to share with Lonzo, another fast-break maestro, and perhaps some for LaVar as well. How Lonzo plays—pushing pace, finding cutters, launching awkward but accurate threes—is no mystery. How LaVar responds is anybody’s guess. “It’s going to be a surprise to you and me,” Lonzo said.             
His L.A. basketball story, from Chino to Westwood to the Lakers, could be a fairy tale or a reality show. So far, it’s unfolding as he wanted, where he planned.  














Tags


lonzo ball


lonzo ball lakers


lavar ball


magic johnson


nba draft 2017


nba draft results


lakers draft


lonzo ball nba


paul george rumors






















More NBA





 







We've Got Apps Too
Get expert analysis, unrivaled access, and the award-winning storytelling only SI can provide—from Peter King, Tom Verducci, Lee Jenkins,  Andy Staples, Grant Wahl, and more—delivered straight to you, along with up-to-the-minute news and live scores.

App Store
Google Play







Easy to Read
A clean presentation that helps you get everything you need to be in the know.





Personalized
Find the stories and scores that matter most to you.





Fast
Get lightning-fast scoring alerts as they happen.






App Store
Google Play






















✕


Already a Member? Log In




Email Address


Enter valid email address
Password








Remember Me

Forgot Password?







Not A Member? Sign Up Now



Forgot Password

close
 
Please enter your email address associated with the account so we can help reset your password.

 
Email Address


Enter valid email address






Not a Member? Sign Up


Already A Member? Sign In


            Stay up-to-date with the latest news and scores from your favorite teams anywhere and
             get customized notifications, special offers and much more
          





First Name





Last Name




Email Address


Enter valid email address


Zip Code


Please enter zip code for newsletter signup


Password


Must be at least 6 characters and contain a number and an uppercase and lowercase letter







Confirm Password


Passwords must match





Newsletter Sign Up


SELECT ALL


















                              The trusted voice in sports straight to your inbox.
                              



                                Weekdays
                              
















                          The trusted voice in sports straight to your inbox.
                          






                              Weekdays
                            



















                              Hot Clicks, viral videos, pop culture and more.
                              



                                Weekdays
                              
















                          Hot Clicks, viral videos, pop culture and more.
                          






                              Weekdays
                            



















                              In-depth NFL coverage from Peter King & The MMQB.
                              



                                Weekdays
                              
















                          In-depth NFL coverage from Peter King & The MMQB.
                          






                              Weekdays
                            



















                              Your destination for all things Swim.
                              



                                Tues / Thurs / Sat
                              
















                          Your destination for all things Swim.
                          






                              Tues / Thurs / Sat
                            



















                              Personalized daily email with your favorite topics (sports and entertainment).
                              



                                Daily
                              
















                          Personalized daily email with your favorite topics (sports and entertainment).
                          






                              Daily
                            







              By signing up, I agree to the Sports Illustrated Terms of Use. I acknowledge that I have read the Privacy Policy. 
            




            For further information, please contact customer service at 1-888-806-4833 or write to Sports Illustrated Customer Service | Attention: Consumer Affairs | 3000 University Center Drive Tampa, FL 33612-6408.
            




Welcome to your personalized SI

You have successfully created your Sports Illustrated Account.

Manage Profile
Continue to SI.com




My SI Settings



Favorite Teams
Edit



You currently have no favorite teams.



Favorite Reporters
Edit



You currently have no favorite reporters.



            Manage Profile
            

            Log Out 
close




Manage Profile

close
 



Basic Info


First Name



Last Name



Email Address

Enter valid email address



Change Password


Current Password

Enter your current password


New Password

Must be at least 6 characters and contain a number and an uppercase and lowercase letter







Show Password




                Sports Illustrated treats this information with care and respect. For details, review Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
              








Edit Favorite Teams

close
 
Remove or add teams to and from your list of favorites


Teams In Your Area

                Add more favorite teams from the list below based on your geolocation



My Teams





Search


Close






Local Teams


NFL


NCAAF


NBA


NCAAB


MLB


NHL







No team results found.





























 

Show League List




Edit Favorite Reporters

close
 
Remove or add reporters to and from your list of favorites


My Favorite Reporters




Add Reporters










 
 



✕




Newsletter Sign Up

 The most trusted voice in sports delivered straight to your inbox. Sign up now to receive Sports Illustrated's best content, special offers and much more.

Email Address



Zip Code



SELECT ALL


















                            The trusted voice in sports straight to your inbox.
                            



                              Weekdays
                            
















                        The trusted voice in sports straight to your inbox.
                        






                            Weekdays
                          



















                            Hot Clicks, viral videos, pop culture and more.
                            



                              Weekdays
                            
















                        Hot Clicks, viral videos, pop culture and more.
                        






                            Weekdays
                          



















                            In-depth NFL coverage from Peter King & The MMQB.
                            



                              Weekdays
                            
















                        In-depth NFL coverage from Peter King & The MMQB.
                        






                            Weekdays
                          



















                            Your destination for all things Swim.
                            



                              Tues / Thurs / Sat
                            
















                        Your destination for all things Swim.
                        






                            Tues / Thurs / Sat
                          



















                            Personalized daily email with your favorite topics (sports and entertainment).
                            



                              Daily
                            
















                        Personalized daily email with your favorite topics (sports and entertainment).
                        






                            Daily
                          





By signing up I agree to the Sports Illustrated Terms of Use. I acknowledge that I have read the
                Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe from email communication at anytime.
                

Submit


                For further information, please contact customer service at 1-888-806-4833 or write to Sports Illustrated Customer Service | Attention: Consumer Affairs | 3000 University Center Drive Tampa, FL 33612-6408.
                




 


✕

Success

              Thank you for signing up!
              Please check your inbox to confirm your email
              address and start receiving newsletters.
            

 
 









George L's Products - pedalGEEK










































Toll Free Help/Orders:1-866-505-4335











Search:








SHOP by BRAND:



Pedals (0-9, A-E)

0-9

65 Amps


A

ADA
Addrock
Aguilar
Alairex
Amp-Tweaker
AMT
amukaT
Analog Alien
Aphex
Asonix
Arteffect
Audio Monk
Award-Session
AYA
Ayan


B

Barber
BBE
Big Joe
Big John
Black Arts
Black Cat
Blackout Effectors
Blackstar
BMF
Bogner
BSM
Budda
Burriss


C

Carl Martin
Caroline
Catalinbread
Celmo
Chunk Systems
Closeout Items
Cloud 9
CMAT-MODS
Cochrane
Cornell
Crowther
Cusack


D

Damage Control
Ddyna
Diamond
Dirty Boy
Dr. Scientist
Dredge-Tone
DTAR
Dunlop
Durham


E

EBS
Ebtech
Electro Faustus
Electro~Harmonix

E~H Classics
E~H Nano
E~H Next Step
E~H XO


EMMA
Empress
Ernie Ball Pedals
Euthymia
Eventide
EWS




Pedals (F-Q)

F-G

Fairfield Circuitry
Fender
First Act
Fishman
Franklin
Fryette
Fuchs
Fulltone
Function f(x)
George Dennis
Gig-FX
GNI
Goodrich
Greedtone
Greenhouse
Greer
Guyatone


H-J

HAO
Hartman
HBE (Homebrew Electronics)
Heavy Electronics
Heptode
Hipkitty
Homebrew Electronics (HBE)
Hudson Electronics UK
ISP
Jack DeVille
Jacques
Jetter Gear
J. Everman
JHS
Joemeek
Juliet Collective


K-L

Keeler
Keeley
Korg
Laney
Lee Jackson
Lehle
Lizard Leg
LR Baggs


M

Mad Professor
Magnetar
Mahoney
Malekko
Maxon

Maxon 9 Series
Maxon Compact Series
Maxon Reissue
Maxon Tube
Maxon Vintage


Menatone
MG
MI Audio
Mission Engineering
Mojo Hand
Monomonster Effects
Monster Effects
Mooer
Moog
Morley
Morpheus
Mr Black
MSD
MXR


N-Q

Nady
Nick Greer
Onerr
Option 5
Orange
Orion
Outlaw Effects
Pedalworx
Perfect Square
Peterson
Pigtronix
Planet Waves
Plush
Prescription
ProCo
Providence




Pedals (R-Z)

R

Radial
Red Witch
Redzone
Retro Channel
Retro-Sonic
Rivera
Road Rage
Rockbox
Rockett
Rocktron
Roger Mayer
Rothwell
Rotosound
RTZ
RWS


S

Sabine
Seymour Duncan
SIB
Skinpimp
Skreddy
Solid Gold FX
Sonic Edge (Ben Fargen)
Source Audio
Subdecay
Suhr
Swell


T

TC Electronic
Tech 21
Telenordia
The Juliet Collective
T. Jauernig
Toadworks
Tonebone
ToneConcepts
Tone Freak
Tortuga
T-Rex
TWA
TwinStomp


U-Z

Uncle Ernie's
V-Stack
Vintage FX
Visual Sound
Voodoo Lab
Vox
Wampler
Wasabi
Way Huge
Weber
Whirlwind
Wilson
WMD
Wren and Cuff
Xotic
Zoom
ZVEX




Accessories

Ebtech
Guitar Hanger
Keith McMillen
Raw Vintage
Stage Trix


Amplifiers

65 Amps
Carr
Closeout Items
Goodsell
Louis Electric
Orange
Reason
Splawn
TG
ValveTrain
Voodoo Amps
Vox
ZT


Cables

Analysis Plus
Bullet
Conquest
Evidence Audio
Fulltone
George L's
Lava
Mogami
Planet Waves
Vox


Pedalboards

Pedaltrain


Pickups

Bare Knuckle
EMG
Fender
Hill
Nordstrand


Power Supplies

Adapters
BBE
Godlyke
Modtone
MXR
Pedaltrain
T-Rex
Truetone
Visual Sound
Voodoo Lab


Rack Gear

ISP
RJM
Tech 21
Weber


Strings

Curt Mangan
D'Addario
D'Aquisto
DR
Elixir
Ernie Ball
Fender
Fodera
GHS
pedalGEEK


Contact
Shipping
Policies
About Us
Links












Join Our Mailing List:
























                George L's Cable Products




                Make a cable in seconds, clean up that tangled pedalboard, or redo your rack in minutes. It's easy and fast if you use George L's Solderless Plugs and Cable. Your cable makes the difference in how your performance is rated for sound.

                
                Enjoy the sound of your instrument without the noise and buzz that outside interference can cause. George L's special anti-stat in the cable reduces the microphonics and allows your music to flow without the problems of hum, buzz, or microphonics while you play. Have you ever stepped on your cable while playing and broken the connection to your plug? This problem is easily remedied with George L's solderless connection cables.  Just reapply your plug, tighten down the set screw and you're done in seconds!

                
                You will always sound your best with George L's Solderless Plugs and Cable. So if you want to rewire your studio or play like the pros, we have the cable and plugs to fit your needs. Remember, your instrument is only as good as the cables that carry your music to the ears of your fans. High quality is what made George L's famous and now you too can master the art of superb audio recognition.

                
"It's my favorite cable ever made for guitar! " -Eric Johnson

Voted #1 for sound clarity by Guitar Player Magazine, Sept. 1997






            George L's Cable - By the Foot: 
            We carry both the lighter .155 cable for pedalboard/studio wiring, as well as the heavier .225 cable for making longer stage-friendly cables. The .155 cable is now available in orange, blue, black, red, and purple; the .225 is available in black or red. You will always sound your best with George L's Solderless Plugs and Cable. So if you want to rewire your studio or play like the pros, we have the cable and plugs to fit your needs. Remember, your instrument is only as good as the cables that carry your music to the ears of your fans.
            
NOTE: .155 plugs will only fit on .155 cable, and .225 plugs will only fit on .225 cable.
 



Quantity:  


.155 Orange Cable - $2.20 per foot: In Stock
.155 Purple Cable - $2.20 per foot: In Stock
.155 Blue Cable - $2.20 per foot: In Stock
.155 Black Cable - $2.20 per foot: In Stock
.155 Red Cable - $2.20 per foot: In Stock
.225 Black Cable - $2.20 per foot: Back-Ordered
.225 Red Cable - $2.20 per foot: In Stock

US Orders Over $99 Ship FREE!









            George L's Plugs: 
            Available in .155 and .225 gauges, in straight, stretch (for Strat type guitars), and right angle configurations, and in plated, unplated (brass), and gold finishes.
            
NOTE: .155 plugs will only fit on .155 cable, and .225 plugs will only fit on .225 cable.
 



Quantity:  


.155 Straight Plated - $6.20: In Stock
.155 Stretch Plated - $6.20: In Stock
.155 Right Angle Plated - $6.20: In Stock
.155 Straight Unplated - $6.20: In Stock
.155 Stretch Unplated - $6.20: In Stock
.155 Right Angle Unplated - $6.20: In Stock
.155 Straight Gold - $9.60: In Stock
.155 Stretch Gold - $9.60: In Stock
.155 Right Angle Gold - $9.60: In Stock
.225 Straight Plated - $6.20: In Stock
.225 Stretch Plated - $6.20: In Stock
.225 Right Angle Plated - $6.20: In Stock
.225 Straight Unplated - $6.20: In Stock
.225 Stretch Unplated - $6.20: In Stock
.225 Right Angle Unplated - $6.20: In Stock
.225 Straight Gold - $9.60: In Stock
.225 Stretch Gold - $9.60: In Stock
.225 Right Angle Gold - $9.60: In Stock

US Orders Over $99 Ship FREE!







            George L's Stress Relief Jackets: 
            Available in both straight and right angle versions, and in a large variety of colors. Please Note: Straight Stress Relief Jackets are made for .155 cable, however you can trim the top of the jacket (at the taper) to accommodate the .225 cable. The jackets cannot be used on speaker plugs. Right Angle Stress Relief Jackets will work on both .155 and .225 diameter plugs. Also note: straight jackets are to be used with straight plugs only; angle jackets are to be used with angle plugs only.
             



Quantity:  


Straight Black - $1.29: In Stock
Straight Blue - $1.29: In Stock
Straight Green - $1.29: In Stock
Straight Gray - $1.29: In Stock
Straight Red - $1.29: In Stock
Straight White - $1.29: In Stock
Straight Yellow - $1.29: In Stock
Angle Black - $.89: In Stock
Angle Blue - $.89: In Stock
Angle Green - $.89: In Stock
Angle Gray - $.89: In Stock
Angle Red - $.89: In Stock
Angle White - $.89: In Stock

US Orders Over $99 Ship FREE!






            George L's Effects Board Cable Kits: 
            A pre-packaged kit containing 10 feet of George L's .155 cable, 10 right angle plugs, and 10 right angle strain relief jackets in your choice of:
            
Black Cable with Plated Plugs and Black Jackets
              Vintage Red Cable with Unplated Plugs and Black Jackets
              Blue Cable with Gold Plugs and White Jackets
            
 



Quantity:  


Effects Kit Black - $93.60: Back-Ordered
Effects Kit Red - $93.60: In Stock
Effects Kit Blue - $127.60: In Stock

US Orders Over $99 Ship FREE!







            George L's Cable Checker: 
            Pocket size 2 5/8" X 3/4" with limiting resistor for extended battery life. Simplifies continuity checking and accepts most type plygs. LED Indicator. Equipped with 2 AA replaceable batteries. Simple design!
             


Our Price: $28.80

Quantity:  This item is IN STOCK!US Orders Over $99 Ship FREE!






            George L's Slotted Screwdriver: 
            Just the right fit to work on your George L plugs. Fits the set screws perfectly. Colors vary.
            


Our Price: $7.29

Quantity:  This item is IN STOCK!US Orders Over $99 Ship FREE!







            George L's Cable Kit: 
            Accessories to make your custom George L�s Cables! This heavy duty leatherette wallet comes with a Cable Checker, Screwdriver, some George L Guitar Picks, and some angle & straight Stress Relief Jackets. It also has room for a set of guitar strings, batteries and other little necessities (not included). The George L's logo is also embroidered on the front of the kit to let others know you play with the best!
             


Our Price: $64.99

Quantity:  This item is IN STOCK!US Orders Over $99 Ship FREE!







Instructions for Assembling George L's Cable & Plugs

Straight Plugs Assembly:

DO NOT STRIP CABLE.
                  Cut with a sharp instrument. Make it straight and clean.
                  Back set screw out, far enough to allow cable to pass.
                  Put plug on cable and push plug on to the needle. This is your hot connection.
                  Tighten set screw down to touch the cable. Then tighten the screw 1 1/2 - 2 rotations. This is the ground connection.
                

Right Angle Plugs Assembly:

DO NOT STRIP CABLE.
                  Cut with a sharp instrument. Make it straight and clean.
                  Remove cap from right angle plug
                  Push cable onto the needle. DO NOT FORCE, and HOLD CABLE WITH YOUR THUMB.
                  Bend cable enough to start screwing the cap back on. Let the twisting of the cap bring the cable down.
                  Screw cap down completely to create the ground.
                






























     ____________________________________________________________________________________________
WEBSITE CONTENT & DESIGN: copyright © 2001 thru 2012 and beyond PG Music, Inc. | www.pedalGEEK.com
     804-B Jericho Turnpike, New Hyde Park, NY 11040 | 516-616-4335 | sales@pedalGEEK.com









Microsoft personalized ad preferences




 













To opt out of personalized ads in this browser, your browser history must allow first-party and third-party cookies and you must have your browsing experience set to NOT delete browsing history on exit. Instructions for enabling cookies and configuring your browsing history may be available in your browsers settings, privacy, or help documentation.

















Sign in
















  Hold on… We’re sorry but this didn’t work.                  You can’t turn off personalized ads right now because your browser is currently blocking third-party cookies. We can help you fix this issue.                Let’s get started:  Depending on what browser you use, open Options or Settings.                  Make sure that third-party cookies are not blocked anymore. To find out how, search your browser’s Help.                                 Revisit http://choice.microsoft.com/opt-out, and then on the “Personalized ads in this browser” tile, click Off.                 ext74081 




  About Our Ads To create a more customized online experience, some of the ads you may receive on Microsoft websites and apps are tailored to your previous activities, searches and site visits. You're in control and here's where you can make the advertising choice that's right for you. ext74075 




  Where Can I Learn More about Advertising on Microsoft Websites and Apps? Microsoft partners with Oath, AppNexus and other third party service providers to help present customized content and display advertisements on MSN, Outlook.com and other websites and apps. Microsoft also delivers search ads to Bing and our search syndication partners. Learn more about Microsoft’s privacy practices here. You can learn more about interest-based ads from Oath and AppNexus in their privacy statements: Oath and AppNexus. What Choices Do I Have About Interest-Based Advertising? On this page, you can opt out of receiving interest based advertising from Microsoft. You can also opt out of receiving interest-based advertising from all self-regulatory members, including Microsoft, Oath, AppNexus and other third party ad networks, at the following sites:  In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) In Europe: European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) In Canada: Ad Choices: Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC)  You can control interest-based advertising in Windows apps by turning off the advertising ID in Windows Settings.  More choices  Do you want personalized ads from other companies?  Questions? If you have a privacy question or a question for the Chief Privacy Officer of Microsoft, please contact us by using our web form. We will respond to questions within 30 days. ext74076 




       Personalized ads in this browser     OFF    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting for this web browser.  Learn more           If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.          ext74078 




       Personalized ads wherever I use my Microsoft account     OFF   Sign in to change...    Opt-out is currently unavailable, please try again later.  Control the "personalized ads" setting that applies when you are signed in on any computer or device with your Microsoft account, including Windows, Windows phone, Xbox and other devices.  Learn more                    If you want Microsoft to show ads that might be relevant to you, click On. To show “generic” ads, click Off.         If you choose “generic” ads and use a browser, your choice applies to everyone when using that browser as long as you do not clear your cookies.          ext74079 




       Personalized ads in Windows         In your Windows Settings, you can turn off personalized ads that appear in apps on this device. You’ll still see ads, but they won’t be personalized anymore.     If you have Windows 8.1:            Access the charms by touching or moving your pointer to the right edge of the screen.                 Click or tap Settings, and then click or tap Change PC Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have Windows 10:            Click or tap the Start button.                 Click or tap Settings.                 Click or tap Privacy, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.          If you have a Windows mobile device:            Go to Settings.                 Tap on Privacy.                 Tap on Advertising ID, and then turn off Let apps use my advertising ID for experiences across apps.                If you want to turn off personalized ads from Microsoft wherever you use your Microsoft account including apps on Windows, Windows Phone, Xbox and other devices, you can do so by selecting the Microsoft account option above.    ext74080 














Legal
Privacy & Cookies
© 2017 Microsoft













Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          











Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          


















Amazon.com: Amazon Music Unlimited








































Interesting Finds Updated Daily










Amazon




    Try Prime
  


















Digital Music



All Departments
Alexa Skills
Amazon Devices
Amazon Video
Amazon Warehouse Deals
Appliances
Apps & Games
Arts, Crafts & Sewing
Automotive Parts & Accessories
Baby
Beauty & Personal Care
Books
CDs & Vinyl
Cell Phones & Accessories
Clothing, Shoes & Jewelry
   Women
   Men
   Girls
   Boys
   Baby
Collectibles & Fine Art
Computers
Courses
Credit and Payment Cards
Digital Music
Electronics
Gift Cards
Grocery & Gourmet Food
Handmade
Health, Household & Baby Care
Home & Business Services
Home & Kitchen
Industrial & Scientific
Kindle Store
Luggage & Travel Gear
Luxury Beauty
Magazine Subscriptions
Movies & TV
Musical Instruments
Office Products
Patio, Lawn & Garden
Pet Supplies
Prime Exclusive
Prime Pantry
Software
Sports & Outdoors
Tools & Home Improvement
Toys & Games
Vehicles
Video Games
Wine





Go

















Departments









EN

 
      




Hello. Sign inAccount & ListsSign inAccount & ListsOrdersTry PrimeCart0






Your Amazon.comToday's DealsGift Cards & RegistrySellHelpDisability Customer Support 






 Amazon Music Unlimited Prime Music CDs & Vinyl Download Store         Open Web Player MP3 cart Settings













































































































$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          




$7.99/mo for Prime members




Non-Prime price: $9.99/month



Change or cancel anytime




            Start your 30-day free trial
          
















Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.




Any song, anywhere




Tens of millions of songs with new releases from today's most popular artists. Listen ad-free with unlimited skips. Download for offline listening.
















Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).




Already using Prime Music?




Upgrade to Amazon Music Unlimited now to unlock tens of millions of songs, including the hottest new releases. Only $7.99/month or $79/year (12 months for the price of 10).
















Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More




Better with Echo - Just ask




Play your favorite music with innovative Alexa voice controls, exclusive to Amazon Music.




Want Amazon Music Unlimited just on your Echo? Learn More


























Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          




Choose the right Amazon Music plan for you




Learn More




Learn More




Learn More




Questions? See our FAQ.





            Start free trial
          

















There's a problem loading this menu right now.
Learn more about Amazon Prime.






 Get fast, free shipping with Amazon Prime 
 Prime members enjoy FREE Two-Day Shipping and exclusive access to music, movies, TV shows, original audio series, and Kindle books. 

      >
      Get started

















v



























Robot Check













Enter the characters you see below
Sorry, we just need to make sure you're not a robot. For best results, please make sure your browser is accepting cookies.










Type the characters you see in this image:








Try different image











Continue shopping











Conditions of Use




Privacy Policy


          © 1996-2014, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates
          







